--- Page 1 ---
FCE Bank plc 
(incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales) 
€6,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Notes 
Under its Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), FCE Bank plc 
(the "Issuer" or "FCE"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium 
Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €6,000,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies).  
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see "Risk Factors". 
Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each, a "Series"), the Notes of each Series having one or more issue dates and identical 
terms (except in respect of the first payment of interest) and intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may 
be issued in tranches (each, a "Tranche") on different issue dates. Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable 
in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche of Notes will be set forth in a 
set of final terms (the "Final Terms") which, with respect to Notes to be listed on the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
("Euronext Dublin"), will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such 
Tranche. Copies of the Final Terms relating to Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin will be available free of charge, at the registered 
office of the Issuer and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (as defined under "Conditions of the Notes"). This Base Prospectus 
should be read and construed in conjunction with any applicable Final Terms and all documents incorporated herein by reference. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic 
Area (each, a "Relevant State").  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and trading on its regulated market. References in this Base Prospectus 
to Euronext Dublin (and all related references) shall mean the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. In addition, references in this Base 
Prospectus to the Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to listing on the Official List 
of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on its regulated market or, as the case may be, another MiFID Regulated Market (as defined below). 
The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II (each such regulated market being a "MiFID 
Regulated Market").  
The Programme provides that Notes may also be listed and/or admitted to trading by any competent listing authority, stock exchange, market 
and/or quotation system as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to each Series. Unlisted Notes and/or Notes 
not listed or admitted to trading on any market, stock exchange or quotation system may also be issued.  
The Notes will be issued in such denominations (each a "Specified Denomination") as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
specified currency indicated in the applicable Final Terms (the "Specified Currency") and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within a Relevant State or the UK and/or offered to the public in a Relevant 
State or the UK in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation (or, as applicable, the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the 
"UK Prospectus Regulation")) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Dealers 
Barclays 
ING 
BBVA 
J.P. Morgan 
BNP PARIBAS 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets 
BofA Securities 
Mizuho 
Bradesco BBI 
Morgan Stanley 
Citigroup  
NatWest Markets 
Commerzbank 
RBC Capital Markets 
Crédit Agricole CIB  
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
SMBC 
Goldman Sachs International 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
HSBC 
UniCredit 
ICBC Standard Bank 
Wells Fargo Securities 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
 
Arranged by 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 4 December 2024

--- Page 2 ---
CONTENTS 
 
 
PAGE 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
7 
RISK FACTORS 
11 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
27 
RESPONSIBILITY 
27 
ISSUE OF NOTES 
27 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
28 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENTS 
32 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
33 
FORM OF NOTES 
65 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
70 
REVIEW OF BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS 
71 
ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OVERVIEW 
75 
THE DIRECTORS 
77 
SOME IMPORTANT LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS 
78 
TAXATION 
83 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
86 
SELLING AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
87 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
91 
FORM OF APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
93 
DETAILS OF ISSUER, ARRANGER, DEALERS, RETAIL SECURITIES ARRANGER AND 
OTHER ASSOCIATED PARTIES 
107

--- Page 3 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation in relation to the 
Issuer. 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Plan of 
Distribution" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each 
a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on then prevailing market conditions, including considerations 
such as market demand and interest rates of similar securities, and shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering of Notes be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or 
any parent company or affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction and so agrees, 
the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Dealers or such parent company or affiliate on behalf of the 
Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
 
References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes.  
 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
 
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them accepts any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other 
person in connection with any issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme. 
 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus, or of any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes, should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. In the absence of Final Terms, 
neither this Base Prospectus, nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue 
of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person 
to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus, nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer or the Ford Group (as defined 
herein) is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during 
the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published audited annual financial statements and, if 
published later, the most recently published interim financial statements (if any) of the Issuer when deciding 
whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
 
In particular, no action has, to date, been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering 
of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there 
are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United Kingdom, 
the United States, the Republic of Italy, Canada, Switzerland, Singapore and the European Economic Area. In 
particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or the securities law of any U.S. state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are 
subject to United States tax law requirements. See "Selling and Transfer Restrictions". 
 
The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")), 
unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act or are sold pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act or such state securities laws. The 
Notes may be offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. See 
"Form of the Notes" for a description of the manner in which the Notes will be issued.  
 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
Regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended, and the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
Amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR or SONIA (each as 
defined in the Conditions), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the European Money Market Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the register of 
administrators maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") under Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the "EU Benchmark Regulation"). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA) is not included in the register of administrators 
maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
 
As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmark Regulation apply, 
such that the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA) is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 5 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. The rating of certain Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009/EC, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, and subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of the EU CRA Regulation, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a credit rating for regulatory purposes if such credit rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Economic Area ("EEA") but is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Since 1 January 2021, United Kingdom ("UK") regulated investors are subject to the CRA Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended (the "UK CRA Regulation"). In general, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the UK or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. This is subject, in each 
case, to (1) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended, and (2) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of 
ratings issued by a credit rating agency not established in the UK, for a certain limited period of time, 
transitional relief accommodates the continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of ratings issued prior 
to 1 January 2021, provided that the relevant conditions are satisfied. Whether or not each credit rating applied 
for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM 
 
This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the UK or 
(ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Order") or (iii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it 
may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together 
being referred to as "relevant persons"). The Notes are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement 
to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any 
person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as 
amended (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required 
by the EU PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION 
 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA") and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 
2018"), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets 
products" (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 7 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
 
 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
 
Any Notes to be issued under the Programme may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any supplement or amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within 
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser 
should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for 
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. 
 
NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: have sufficient knowledge and experience to make 
a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; have 
access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; understand thoroughly the 
terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; 
and be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk 
or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A 
potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise 
(either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor's overall investment portfolio. For further details, see the section headed "Risk Factors" in 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
REGULATORY RESTRICTIONS 
 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types 
of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes issued under the Programme 
may have any maturity from one month to 30 years. Any Notes having a maturity of less than one year from 
their date of issue must (a) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or (b) be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer.

--- Page 8 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "dollars", 
"U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" are to the lawful currency of the United States, references to "£", "pounds" 
and "sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom and references to "euros", "EUR" and "€" are 
to the lawful currency of the Member States of the EU that adopt the single currency in accordance with the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on EU, as amended. Unless otherwise 
specified, where financial information in relation to the Issuer or the Ford Group has been translated into U.S. 
dollars, it has been so translated at rates of exchange prevailing in the relevant periods, or on the relevant dates, 
shown. 
Certain totals in the tables included in this Base Prospectus (including tables incorporated by reference) may 
not add due to rounding. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the Issuer and its activities that 
do not represent statements of fact but are rather based on current expectations and projections of the Issuer in 
relation to future events, and which, by their nature, are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. Earnings 
estimates and projections are based on specific knowledge of the sector, publicly available data, and past 
experience. Underlying the projections are assumptions concerning future events and trends that are subject to 
uncertainty and whose actual occurrence or non-occurrence could result in significant variations from the 
projected results. These forward-looking statements relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or 
may not occur or exist in the future, and, as such, undue reliance should not be placed on them. Although the 
Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward-looking statements are 
reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, actual results may differ materially from those expressed in 
such statements. 
Any forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or 
revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations or any 
change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward-looking statements are based. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Agent(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Agent(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Agent(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Agent(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules.

--- Page 9 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME  
This general description must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in 
any Notes should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents 
incorporated by reference therein, and the applicable Final Terms. The following general description does not 
purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms.  
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of 
the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Conditions of the Notes" will have the same 
meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
FCE Bank plc 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
TU5V87TL5Q0UV1EW4H93 
Website of the Issuer: 
 www.fcebank.com 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors" 
below. In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme. These 
are set out under "Risk Factors" and include the fact that the Notes may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors, certain risks relating to the structure of particular 
Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Bradesco BBI S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank PLC 
BNP PARIBAS  
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Bank plc 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc  
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
Merrill Lynch International 
Mizuho International plc 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
NatWest Markets Plc 
RBC Europe Limited 
SMBC Bank International plc 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Wells Fargo Securities International Limited

--- Page 10 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Distribution Agreement (as 
defined in "Plan of Distribution"). 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see "Selling and Transfer 
Restrictions") including the following restriction applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued on terms such that they must be redeemed before their first anniversary 
will, if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 
19 of the FSMA 2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent (see "Selling 
and Transfer Restrictions"). 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in 
the Distribution Agreement) outstanding at any time.  
Distribution:  
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each case on 
a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject 
to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued only on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par 
or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form of the Notes".  
Clearing Systems: 
With respect to Notes, Clearstream and/or Euroclear and any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction (as defined in the "Conditions of the Notes") as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(i)  on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
(ii) on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
the Benchmark discontinuation provisions set out in the Conditions.

--- Page 11 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Other provisions in 
relation to Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or 
both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to 
issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Event: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, with a view to the Independent Adviser determining a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any, and any Benchmark Amendments. See Condition 4(c) (Benchmark 
Event). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons as described 
in Condition 5(b) (Redemption for taxation reasons), or following an Event of 
Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders (as defined under "Conditions of the Notes") upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Notes issued on terms such that they must be redeemed before their first anniversary 
may be subject to restrictions on their denomination and distribution — See "Certain 
Restrictions" above. 
Denomination of 
Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency and save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the EEA or the UK and/or offered to the public in a 
Relevant State or the UK in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, as 
applicable, will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or on account 
of withholding taxes imposed by any Relevant Tax Jurisdiction, unless such 
deduction is required by law. In the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer 
will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 7 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes and any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and (subject as aforesaid) rank and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves, with all other present and future outstanding 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (subject to mandatorily 
preferred obligations under applicable laws). 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further described 
in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
Events of Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain events of default described in Condition 9 (Events 
of Default).

--- Page 12 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
 
Listing and admission 
to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to 
be admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated market. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further 
stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed 
or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law. 
Agreement 
with 
respect to the exercise 
of the Bail-in Power: 
The Conditions of the Notes contain a consent by the Noteholders to the exercise of 
the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority. No repayment or payment of Amounts 
Due on the Notes shall become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of any 
Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority if and to the extent such amounts have 
been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the United 
Kingdom, the United States, the Republic of Italy, Canada, Switzerland, Singapore 
and the EEA and such other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. In particular, the Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to United 
States tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States, or to or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. See "Selling and Transfer Restrictions". 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury Regulations. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended, and the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder.

--- Page 13 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The following risk factors are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. Risks relating to the Issuer may negatively impact its business and results of 
operations and consequently its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme, 
but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes 
may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant or material risks by the Issuer based on 
information currently available to it or reasons which it may not currently be able to anticipate and the Issuer 
does not represent that the statements below (and contained in any documents incorporated by reference 
herein) regarding the risks of holding the Notes are exhaustive.  
In each category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks (in descending order of importance), 
taking into account the negative impact of such risks and the probability of their occurrence.  
Prospective investors should read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including 
any documents incorporated by reference herein) and, in particular, the section entitled "Some Important Legal 
Considerations" and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
I. Risks relating to the Issuer that may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
A. Risks specific to FCE's activity as a captive automotive finance company 
FCE has a risk of loss due to its association with its parent company 
As a captive automotive finance company, FCE has an inherent exposure to Ford Motor Company ("Ford"). 
However, this is carefully controlled through FCE's large exposure monitoring process and minimised through 
strong adherence to internal policies which ensure an arm's-length approach to all transactions with, and 
services provided by, Ford and other Ford-owned entities. FCE leverages some services provided by other 
areas of the wider Ford Motor Credit Company ("FMCC") and Ford corporate organisation. However, these 
services are governed and regulated by service level agreements which typically provide for ring-fenced 
capabilities. 
FCE's business may be adversely affected by rising interest rates and inflation, elevated unemployment and 
firm insolvency levels, changes in consumer demand, increased competition, changes in pricing of imported 
units due to currency fluctuations as well as other macro developments over which FCE has little or no control. 
FCE's business is substantially dependent upon the sale of Ford vehicles in Europe and its ability to offer 
competitive financing on those vehicles. 
In recent years, the global automotive industry has faced significant volatility in supply chains, shortage of 
materials as well as other inflationary pressures and logistical issues creating delivery constraints. A shortage 
of new vehicles and delivery delays can cause a significant disruption to Ford's sales. This may negatively 
impact FCE's business, as the generation of new loans and advances is dependent upon the sale of Ford vehicles.  
The automotive industry is sensitive to factors such as disposable income, interest rates, currency exchange 
rates, national and international trade, economic growth or decline, environmental, health and safety 
regulations, vehicle safety and emissions regulations and commodity prices such as oil, gas and steel. Changes 
to any of these factors may impact the demand for Ford vehicles. Furthermore, the automotive industry is 
highly competitive and has experienced significant consolidation over the past decade, leading to tighter 
margins within the industry. Sales of Ford vehicles could decline if Ford is unable to respond to price pressure 
in the industry. 
FCE and its customers continue to face various economic challenges. Continued cost of living pressures are 
being seen, and whilst inflation has slowed, higher energy prices and increased interest rates continue to impact 
both consumers and corporate customers. Although inflation is expected to decrease over time with low levels 
of loss expected for the dealer network, a sustained decline in sales and increased overheads could have an 
adverse effect on dealer profitability.

--- Page 14 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Ford, with the support of FCE, intends to drive loyalty and revenue through electric vehicles, commercial 
vehicles, and software services, as well as partnerships for expertise and efficiency as part of the "Ford +" 
strategy to drive growth, improve execution, deliver customer satisfaction and accelerate transformation. If 
Ford is unable to optimise its capital allocation among vehicles, services, technology, and other calls on capital 
or to make sufficient progress to become competitive on cost and quality, as part of the "Ford +" strategy, Ford 
may not be able to realise the full benefits of its plan which could have an adverse effect on Ford's financial 
condition or results of operations. 
FCE is planning and investing for substantial changes to its business model in anticipation of Ford's move to 
electric vehicle production and the resulting shifts in customer financing needs and service expectations. There 
is a risk that if FCE's plans are not executed effectively, or if the market evolves in unexpected ways, FCE's 
relevance to Ford sales and its financing share thereof may decline. 
 
The provision of vehicle finance in Europe is competitive  
FCE must compete effectively with other providers of finance. In Europe, Ford currently provides a number 
of marketing programmes that employ financing incentives to generate increased sales of vehicles. These 
financing incentives generate significant business for FCE. If Ford chooses to shift the focus of these financing 
incentives, or emphasis from such financing incentives, this could negatively impact FCE's share of financing 
related to Ford's vehicle sales.  
FCE could be exposed to concentration risk which could negatively impact its business and results of 
operations  
Concentration risk is the risk resulting from FCE's concentration of exposures within geographic regions, 
sectors, large dealer groups and fleets. FCE is prepared to incur concentration risk, subject to the risk appetite 
established by the board of directors of FCE and regulatory requirements, where this is consistent with 
executing its mission as a captive automotive finance provider.  
FCE's wholesale portfolio is the business segment most exposed to concentration risk. However, it is FCE's 
view that this risk is mitigated by a number of positive characteristics in its wholesale business model, such as 
retention of title, the short-term nature of the funding, the realisable value of the asset within a reasonable 
timeframe and the uncommitted nature of the majority of wholesale funding. The retail portfolio consists of a 
large number of individual loans to retail customers across multiple markets and FCE's analysis indicates 
sufficient granularity within the portfolio to not pose a significant concentration risk. 
B. Credit risks 
Actual proceeds realised by FCE upon the sale of a returned vehicle at contract end may be lower than that 
forecast at contract initiation 
This is the risk that, when a customer exercises a contractual option to return the vehicle to FCE at contract 
end, the realised proceeds from the sale of the returned vehicle are lower than the outstanding balance under 
the finance contract. FCE is prepared to incur vehicle residual value risk which is set based on a careful 
evaluation of internal and external data sources and is subject to review and approval by the appropriate 
committee. 
With respect to Trade Cycle Management (TCM) contracts which represent the majority of finance plans 
whereby FCE has residual value risk, final balloon payments are typically set below the expected market value. 
This approach generates potential equity for the customer at the end of the contract and provides protection for 
FCE against residual value risk. Between 2020 and the second half of 2023, used vehicle values were impacted 
by reductions in new vehicle supply, resulting in increased valuations. The second half of 2023 saw these 
values begin to return to pre-Covid levels following increased used vehicle availability, along with the impact 
of wider macroeconomic factors such as increased borrowing costs and other cost of living increases for 
consumers. As the industry transitions to electric vehicles, FCE is continuing to grow and enhance its

--- Page 15 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
 
knowledge and strategy for both electric vehicles and internal combustion engine residual value setting and to 
monitor used values and seek independent third party trade guide opinion in its decision making processes. 
If the actual proceeds realised by FCE upon the sale of returned vehicles at the end of a contract are lower than 
initially forecasted at the start of a contract, this could negatively impact FCE's business and results of 
operations.  
 
The possibility of loss from a customer's or dealer's failure to make payments according to contract terms 
could lead to a credit risk  
As a provider of automotive financial products, FCE is exposed primarily to credit risk, the loss arising when 
a retail customer or dealer fails to make payments according to their contract terms. Credit risk is mitigated in 
the majority of FCE's retail, leasing and wholesale financing plans through retention of title or a similar security 
interest in the financed vehicle. In the case of default, the value of the repossessed collateral provides a source 
of protection. FCE's credit risk policy permits the granting of payment deferrals to provide short-term support 
to its retail, leasing and wholesale customers. 
FCE applies the standardised approach for assessing the Pillar 1 capital requirements for credit risk using 
standard industry-wide risk weightings based on the classification of asset and counterparty types.  
The extent of losses resulting from customers’ or dealers’ failure to make payments could negatively impact 
FCE's business and results of operations. 
C. Treasury risks 
Credit ratings may be downgraded at any time  
A credit rating reflects an assessment by the rating agency of the credit risk associated with a corporate entity 
or particular securities issued by that entity. Rating agencies' ratings of FCE are based on information provided 
by Ford, FMCC, FCE and other sources. Credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold securities 
and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Each rating agency may 
have different criteria for evaluating company risk and, therefore, ratings should be evaluated independently 
for each rating agency.  
The table on page 73 summarises the long-term senior unsecured credit ratings, short-term credit ratings and 
the outlook assigned to FCE as of the date of this Base Prospectus. FCE's stand-alone credit ratings are closely 
associated with the credit ratings of Ford and FMCC. In the event of a downgrade of any credit ratings of Ford 
and FMCC, this could have a negative impact on the credit ratings of FCE.  
Lack of support from FMCC or the Ford Group  
FCE has the benefit of a support agreement from FMCC (see "Review of Business and Operations — Support 
Agreement"). In addition, FCE has the benefit of: 
• 
access to intercompany debt from Ford and its subsidiaries (the "Ford Group") from time to time; and 
• 
interest supplements and other support payments from the Ford Group provided for in certain financing 
transactions. 
The elimination, reduction or non-availability of support from FMCC or the Ford Group could negatively 
impact FCE's business and results of operations.  
D. Liquidity risks 
FCE's funding plan is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond its control 
Liquidity risk is the possibility of being unable to meet present and future financial obligations as they become 
due. FCE's strategy is to maintain a diverse range of funding sources to enable it to continue to fund its business 
in all market conditions. FCE is funded primarily through retail deposits, unsecured and intercompany debt, 
public and private securitisations and equity to ensure appropriate mix and tenor. Processes embedded in FCE's

--- Page 16 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
 
governance include liquidity forecasting and reporting against risk tolerances, stress/scenario testing and 
contingency planning.  
FCE holds liquidity in the form of cash, committed capacity and collateral eligible for central bank liquidity 
facilities. FCE's committed capacity is in the form of committed securitisation capacity and a contractually 
committed unsecured facility. FCE also participates in the Bank of England Discount Window Facility (DWF) 
scheme which can act as an additional source of liquidity. 
The Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR") requires banks to hold High-Quality Liquid Assets ("HQLA") to 
survive a 30-day liquidity stress. FCE has established processes to monitor its HQLA position in accordance 
with the LCR part of the PRA Rulebook. FCE also complies with the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
requirements which are designed to ensure that banks maintain a stable, long-term funding profile to reduce 
structural liquidity risk, in accordance with the PRA Rulebook. 
If there is a liquidity shortage that prevents FCE from meeting its present and future financial obligations as 
they become due, it will negatively affect FCE's business and results of operations. 
FCE is subject to risks associated with interest rate changes and exchange rate fluctuations 
Foreign-exchange risk is the risk arising from fluctuating exchange rates. Currency exposures are managed by 
FCE as an integral part of its overall risk management programme which recognises the unpredictability of 
foreign exchange markets and seeks to reduce the potential adverse effects on FCE's results.  
FCE reduces its exposure to foreign-exchange risk through the use of foreign currency exchange derivatives. 
In addition, FCE holds equity in its overseas branches and subsidiaries in order to hedge its capital ratios against 
movements in exchange rates.  
Interest rate risk is the risk arising from fluctuating interest rates. FCE's asset base consists primarily of fixed-
rate retail instalment sale, hire purchase, conditional sale and lease contracts, with an average life of 
approximately three years, and floating rate wholesale financing loans with an average life of approximately 
two months. 
It is FCE's policy to execute interest rate derivatives to change the interest rate characteristics of its debt to 
match, within a tolerance range, the interest rate characteristics of its assets. This matching policy seeks to 
maintain margins and reduce profit volatility. FCE also utilises the Economic Value and Net Interest Income 
models to inform its capital requirements for interest rate risk. 
FCE's strategy for the use of derivatives is designed only to mitigate market risk and are not used for speculative 
purposes. 
FCE's ability to obtain derivatives to manage market risk could be impacted generally by the same factors that 
impact its ability to manage liquidity risks. See "– FCE's funding plan is subject to risks and uncertainties, 
many of which are beyond its control".  
Exchange rate fluctuations may negatively impact FCE by reducing the profitability of its foreign sourced 
revenue and increasing the cost of its foreign sourced expenses, while interest rate risks may affect profit 
margins and balance sheet stability which could negatively impact FCE's business and results of operations. 
FCE could incur a loss if the counterparty to an investment, interest rate or foreign currency derivatives 
with FCE defaults 
FCE could incur a credit loss if the counterparty to an interest rate or foreign currency derivative with FCE 
defaults. This is known as counterparty credit risk and, in the case of interest rate derivatives, is mitigated by 
the cash collateral that FCE exchanges with most of its counterparties under margin arrangements. FCE uses 
the Standardised Approach for Counterparty Credit Risk ("SA-CCR") method to measure this risk and 
determine its related capital requirements.

--- Page 17 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
 
In addition to a credit loss caused by a counterparty default, banks can also suffer mark-to-market losses 
associated with the counterparty's creditworthiness, termed Credit Valuation Adjustment ("CVA") risk. FCE 
holds Pillar 1 capital for CVA risk calculated under the SA-CCR method. 
If FCE incurs significant losses caused by counterparty defaults, this could negatively impact FCE's business 
and results of operations.  
FCE may be exposed to shortfalls in its pension plans 
Pension obligation risk arises from FCE's obligations as a result of participating in defined benefit pension 
schemes for some of its employees. The most significant retirement benefit obligations to FCE relate to the 
UK. These are principally Ford Group sponsored plans in which FCE is a participating employer. FCE 
recognises that there is inherent volatility in the investment markets that will affect the value of assets of the 
schemes at any point in time. The pension liabilities also change over time as longevity and other assumptions 
develop and the balance between the populations of the active workforce and retirees matures. 
For the UK, Ford is solely responsible for funding any deficit which may arise from time to time. Should Ford 
fail to meet its obligations, FCE retains residual legal risk for the UK plans. If FCE is required to fund any such 
deficit, this could negatively impact FCE's business and results of operations. 
E. Operational risks 
FCE is exposed to operational risk that could result from information technology problems, human error 
and shortcomings in the organisational structure, legal changes and lapses in internal controls, fraud or 
external threats 
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems 
or from external events. For FCE, this includes legal and reputational risks, and risks related to executing 
change in line with strategic choices. Operational resilience is the ability to continue operating important 
business services in the face of disruption, regardless of source, and to have the ability to prevent, adapt, 
respond to, recover and learn from operational disruptions. Operational risk includes information technology 
process failure, significant organisational change risk, human error, and lapses in internal controls, fraud or 
external threats (e.g. cyber-attacks). Processes are in place to identify and assess these risks in order to enable 
effective risk management.  
Based on the guiding principle that management at all levels is responsible for managing operational risk, FCE 
maintains a strong internal control culture across the organisation. Annual Control Testing, a self-assessment 
control process used across the business, is used to monitor adherence to key controls. 
FCE is indemnified under insurance policies for certain operational risks, including health and safety. 
Notwithstanding these control measures and this insurance coverage, FCE remains exposed to operational risk 
that could negatively impact its business and results of operations. 
Information Security risk is dynamic with threats and mitigations constantly changing 
Ford and FCE continually employ capabilities, processes, and other security measures designed to reduce and 
mitigate the risk of cyber-attacks; although such preventative measures cannot provide absolute security and 
may not be sufficient in all circumstances or mitigate all potential risks. FCE has its own cyber security strategy 
which is inherently linked to Ford's global cyber security approach, aligning on key business strategies and 
outlining FCE's approach to meet the additional regulations that FCE must adhere to as a financial institution. 
FCE participates in and benefits from Ford and FMCC's global tools, resources and focus on cyber security. 
FCE focuses on protecting and enhancing the security of its information systems, software, networks, and other 
assets. These efforts are designed to protect against, and mitigate the effects of, among other things, cyber 
security incidents where unauthorised parties attempt to access confidential, sensitive or personal information 
and potentially hold such information for ransom, destroy data; disrupt or degrade service or operations, 
sabotage systems or otherwise cause harm to FCE, its customers, suppliers, dealers or other key stakeholders.

--- Page 18 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
 
FCE employs capabilities, processes and other security measures designed to reduce and mitigate these risks, 
and has requirements for suppliers to do the same. Data safeguard practices of suppliers who process Personally 
Identifiable Information on FCE's behalf are reviewed annually for compliance with policies and applicable 
regulations. Despite having thorough due diligence, onboarding and cyber security assessment processes in 
place for suppliers, there can be no assurance that FCE can prevent the risk of any compromise or failure in 
the information systems, software, networks and other assets owned or controlled by suppliers. When FCE 
becomes aware that a supplier's cyber security has been compromised, it attempts to mitigate the risk to FCE, 
including, if appropriate and feasible, by terminating the supplier's connection to FCE's information systems. 
Notwithstanding FCE's efforts to mitigate any such risk, there can be no assurance that the compromise or 
failure of a supplier's information systems, technology assets or cyber security programmes could not have an 
adverse effect on the security of FCE's information systems. 
In an effort to effectively prevent, detect, and respond to cyber security threats, FCE implements a multi-
layered cyber security risk management programme of Ford's enterprise-wide cyber security strategy, policy, 
architecture, and processes team. 
The team provides cyber security services to Ford and its affiliates, including FCE. The services provided to 
FCE are governed by appropriate service agreements with Ford. FCE's designated Information and Security 
Officer works with the team to provide cyber security-related services in compliance with FCE's requirements. 
Ford's capabilities, processes, and other security measures also include, among others, a Security Information 
and Event Management software which provides a threat detection, compliance, and security incident 
management system, an Endpoint Detection and Response software which monitors for malicious activities on 
external-facing endpoints (e.g., Windows workstations, servers, MAC clients, and Linux endpoints), cloud 
monitoring, running on primary public and private cloud environments and disaster recovery and incident 
response plans, including a ransomware response plan.  
Ford is a member of the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center and is both a founding 
member and board member of the Automotive Information Sharing and Analysis Center. Ford's membership 
with these industry cyber security groups assists in the efforts to protect Ford and its affiliates, including FCE, 
against both enterprise and in-vehicle security risks.  
FCE's Cyber security Incident Response Plan ("CIRP") allows FCE to facilitate and assist in the detection, 
identification, containment, eradication and recovery from any cyber security incident. It defines a Cyber 
Incident Response Team ("CIRT") which manages notifications to affected markets and business units with 
regulatory reporting requirements, updates to the board of directors of FCE and any internal and external 
communications. An annual table top test, in which a fictional, specific FCE scenario is presented to the CIRP 
team to ensure correct awareness as well as to maintain and improve the CIRP, is performed each year. 
Cyber risk in FCE falls within the 'operational risk and resilience' section of the risk appetite framework. These 
metrics, including cyber risk dashboards, are reported to the Executive Operational Risk and Resilience 
Committee (the "Exec ORRC"), a delegated committee of the Executive Committee. The Exec ORRC allows 
senior management to oversee and challenge any areas of concern, in particular, those identified as critical or 
high level incidents. In addition, it has oversight of the risk map and provides further oversight to monitor any 
mitigating actions. Where necessary and to make effective use of its governance structure, the Exec ORRC 
will escalate its findings to the Executive Committee and board of directors of FCE. 
A cyber security incident could materially disrupt operational information systems resulting in loss or unwilling 
publication of trade secrets or other proprietary or competitively sensitive information, compromising the 
privacy of personal information of consumers, employees, or others and/or jeopardising the security of FCE's 
facilities. Such incidents could harm FCE's reputation, cause customers to lose trust in FCE's security measures 
and/or subject FCE to regulatory actions or litigation which may result in fines, penalties, judgments or 
injunctions, and a cyber security incident involving FCE or one of FCE's suppliers could impact FCE's business 
and results of operation. 
 
Consumer experience could have a negative impact and negatively impact FCE's business and results of 
operations

--- Page 19 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
 
Conduct Risk is defined by FCE as the risk that FCE's culture, strategy, policies or procedures encourage its 
staff, individually or collectively, to act in a way that delivers poor customer outcomes for FCE's customers or 
negatively impacts on the integrity of FCE Bank plc, the financial services market as a whole or competition 
therein. 
FCE's objective is to demonstrate and ensure fair outcomes to consumers throughout the Conduct Risk lifecycle 
which includes product governance, consumers' retail experiences with FCE and post-sale processes. Conduct 
Risk is managed within each of FCE's business operations with oversight from FCE's central compliance 
function. 
FCE offers well established finance products to its customers, including retail deposit-taking and has 
comprehensive controls to ensure that its sales processes, including the introduction of new products or changes 
to existing products, provide fair customer outcomes as well as meeting all regulatory requirements. FCE 
monitors customers' retail experiences, including post sales processes, through the use of performance data 
such as complaints metrics as well as through periodic surveys.  
If there is any occurrence of Conduct Risk which negatively impacts the consumer experience, this could 
negatively impact FCE's business and results of operations. 
FCA Consumer Duty 
The UK Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") introduced a new Consumer Principle which required 
regulated firms to act to deliver good outcomes for retail customers ("Consumer Duty"). These outcomes 
relate to products and services, price and value, consumer understanding and consumer support. The Consumer 
Duty came into force on 31 July 2023 for products and services that remain open to sale or renewal and came 
into force on 31 July 2024 for closed products or services. FCE has undertaken to comply with the Consumer 
Duty which provides higher expectations for the standard of care that financial services firms are expected to 
provide to customers and look to create a higher level of consumer protection in financial markets. 
In order to implement the Consumer Duty principles at all levels throughout FCE and to fully embrace the 
move from 'Treating Customers Fairly' to delivering good customer outcomes, over the past 18 months FCE 
has conducted a rigorous company-wide review of its product and service offerings, associated distribution 
channels, customer journey and communications, internal procedures, training and governance, and reporting 
structures against the enhanced requirements of the Consumer Duty. Through this exercise, FCE has identified 
opportunities to improve customer outcomes and has created a detailed action plan. 
As of 31 July 2023, FCE has successfully created a robust framework for Consumer Duty and has fostered a 
culture whereby the Consumer Duty principles and delivery of positive customer outcomes is at the forefront 
of all decision-making. The actions completed throughout the Consumer Duty review have ensured that FCE 
provides products and services that meet customers' needs and provide fair value, supports its customers in a 
way that is timely and helpful and communicates with its customers in a way that is easy to understand. The 
Consumer Duty framework will remain under constant review and will be adapted as required in line with 
evolving customer needs and regulatory requirements. 
If FCE is unable to demonstrate continuous learning and improvement when it comes to customer experience 
and outcomes, and compliance with the Consumer Duty more broadly, it could negatively impact FCE's 
business and results of operations.  
F. Environmental, Social and Governance risks 
FCE is subject to Environmental, Social and Governance risks 
Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") risk is divided into three elements: 
• 
environmental risk is the actual or potential threat of adverse effects on living organisms, businesses 
and the environment by effluents, emissions, wastes, resource depletion and climate change; 
• 
social risk includes the impact of issues of inequality, inclusiveness, labour relations, investment in 
human capital and communities; and

--- Page 20 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
 
• 
governance risk is the internal system of practices and controls, required in for governance effective 
decisions within legal compliance in order to meet the needs of external stakeholders. 
FCE is continuing to develop its approach to ESG, including minimising the potential future impact of financial 
risks created by climate change. 
FCE expects to develop and implement plans consistent with the response of the industry and its regulators to 
this emerging risk. 
FCE is working on implementing plans consistent with the response of the industry and its regulators to this 
emerging risk. FCE's board of directors has appointed the Chief Risk Officer, under the Senior Managers 
Regime, as the responsible person for climate change issues. The financial risks from climate change present 
themselves via two main channels: 
• 
physical risks arising from increased severity and frequency of climate and weather-related events 
which damage property and infrastructure disrupting business supply chains. These events may reduce 
asset values, profitability and impact the wider economy by reducing output and productivity; and 
• 
transition risks which arise from adjustments towards a carbon neutral economy, and require significant 
structural changes. These changes will require an adjustment to asset values, changes in energy pricing 
and may have a negative impact on the incomes and credit profile of some borrowers, leading to 
increased credit losses. 
European jurisdictions are focusing on air quality, predominantly in cities as well as climate change in general. 
Various statements have been issued indicating a desire or even firm rules to restrict access to or ban vehicles 
with Internal Combustion Engines ("ICE") from designated cities, or parts thereof, as well as ban of new 
registrations on a national or regional level. There has also been a focus on legal claims against diesel vehicles 
and assumed illegal defeat devices in the short to medium term and, there is a risk that residual values for diesel 
engine vehicles will depreciate at a greater rate than originally forecast. In the longer-term, with the 
development of electric powered vehicles, combined with legislative changes to the disadvantage of ICE 
powered vehicles, there could be an adverse impact on FCE's business. 
FCE is strategically aligned to Ford and it does not currently have a material exposure to climate-related risks. 
FCE is committed to supporting Ford's transition to an electrified vehicle range in the medium-term. Currently, 
the sale of new ICE vehicles and commercial vehicles is banned from 2035 in the UK and the EU. Whilst 
FCE's core business model will remain consistent during this period of change, its portfolio will rebalance 
away from ICE vehicles and towards electric vehicles.  
The effects of increased scrutiny and CO2 regulation for motor vehicles, including access restrictions for ICE 
vehicles in a small number of cities, have been assessed and the impact on vehicle values is monitored closely. 
FCE has processes to identify legislation changes and their future impacts are assessed as appropriate. For 
receivables where FCE takes the residual value risk, forward looking vehicle values are assessed in the light 
of such legislation changes and a shift towards vehicles with alternative propulsion types. FCE has relatively 
short-dated receivables which provide flexibility for it to react relatively quickly to changes, however, it also 
acknowledges that these risks may affect investors' risk appetite and FCE's access to wholesale and retail 
deposits markets. FCE regularly meets with its investors to gain insight into potential future changes. 
FCE expects investor interest in ESG-related information and investment products will continue to intensify in 
the coming years. If interest in investments without ESG-related features declines and FCE is slow to ramp up 
FCE's "green" portfolio of receivables, FCE could experience a decrease of investor interest in its Notes which 
could lead to funding constraints or higher interest rates. Further, there is no guarantee that investors will find 
the information that FCE provides about ESG to be sufficient and FCE cannot know for sure how investors 
will use their ESG questionnaires to make investment decisions. Further, as broader society transitions away 
from ICE to electrified vehicles, investors may become increasingly concerned about the residual values of 
either vehicle type, potentially impacting their interest in investing in the Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 21 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
 
 
G. Risks relating to the legal and regulatory environment in which FCE operates 
Brexit (the UK ceasing to be a member of the EU) 
Brexit has led to uncertainty in European and global markets. The structure and terms of the future relationship 
between the European Union and the UK may continue to adversely affect economic or market conditions in 
the UK and throughout the European Union, and could contribute to on-going instability in global financial 
and foreign exchange markets. The period of uncertainty may continue for several years and it is not possible 
to determine the precise impact on general economic conditions in the UK.  
Brexit may also have an adverse impact on FCE's operations, prospects and/or financial condition as well as 
its ability to perform its obligations towards third parties.  
 
Whilst the extent and impact of all the issues, uncertainty and market disruption arising from Brexit are 
unknown, any of these effects could adversely affect FCE's business, results of operations, financial condition 
and cash flows, and could negatively impact the value of the Notes.  
In addition, Brexit has raised concerns regarding the overall stability of the EU, given the diverse economic 
and political circumstances of individual Member States. If a country within the Eurozone were to default on 
its debt or withdraw from the Eurozone, the impact on markets could be significant. Such a scenario, or the 
perception that such developments are imminent, could adversely affect the value of FCE's euro- and sterling-
denominated assets and obligations. Such developments could cause financial and capital markets within and 
outside Europe to constrict, thereby negatively impacting FCE's ability to finance its business, and also could 
cause a dip in consumer confidence and spending that could negatively impact sales of vehicles. Any one of 
these impacts could have an adverse effect on FCE's and/or Ford's financial condition and results of operations. 
Although FCE has successfully completed key milestones of its Brexit plans, including the transfer of its 
German subsidiary, Ford Bank GmbH, to its parent company, Ford ECO GmbH, in the light of the current 
political and macro-economic environment, with the fluctuations in consumer demand and increased 
competition referenced above, FCE plans to continue to monitor the post-Brexit regulatory landscape and work 
with regulators to identify opportunities to optimise its operating model to reduce complexity and cost which 
may lead to further FCE Group (as defined below) reorganisation during the life of the Programme. See 
"Review of Business and Operations — Recent Developments".  
Banking reform initiatives 
In recent years, the relevant regulatory authorities in the UK have proposed (and in some cases have 
commenced implementation of) dramatic reforms to many aspects of the banking sector, including, among 
others, institutional structure, resolution procedures and deposit guarantees. While the impact of these 
regulatory developments remains uncertain, FCE expects that the evolution of these and future initiatives could 
have an impact on its business. This in turn could affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes. Further, the UK's departure from the European Union has resulted in uncertainty around the future 
regulatory environment in the UK and it is possible that the laws and regulations applicable to financial services 
in the UK could diverge from those in the European Union over time. See "– Brexit (the UK ceasing to be a 
member of the EU)". 
For further discussion on the legal and regulatory environment in which FCE operates, please see the section 
entitled "Some Important Legal Considerations".  
Litigation, governmental investigations or adverse publicity 
In response to a large number of complaints received by the Financial Ombudsman Service (the "FOS") and 
claims in the County Court in respect of the historical use by the motor finance industry of Discretionary 
Commission Arrangements ("DCAs"), in January 2024 the FCA announced that it intended to use its powers 
under Section 166 of the FMSA 2000 to investigate and assess the use of DCAs between the finance industry 
and its credit brokers. In September 2024, the FCA announced that it intends to publish its next steps in May 
2025. Options to be considered include whether redress should be payable to customers under an FCA 
administered scheme and the amount of such redress. In January 2024, the FOS published two final adjudicated

--- Page 22 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
 
decisions in relation to DCAs in which the customer's complaints were upheld (one of the decisions is subject 
to a judicial review). On 25 October 2024, the Court of Appeal handed down a judgment concerning the 
payment of commissions to car dealers arranging motor finance (comprising both DCAs and non-DCAs), 
following which an application for permission to appeal the Court of Appeal's judgment was made to the UK 
Supreme Court on 22 November 2024. As a result of the Court of Appeal decision, on 13 November 2024, the 
FCA published a consultation, proposing to extend the time motor finance firms have to handle non-DCA 
claims. FCE continues to assess the risk of economic outflow related to customer claims in respect of DCAs 
and non-DCAs paid to car dealers. The legal position set out in the Court of Appeal judgment is uncertain 
pending the appeal to the UK Supreme Court. The outcome of the decision of the UK Supreme Court and/or 
the FCA's ongoing review of DCAs and, potentially, non-DCAs, could have a material adverse effect on FCE's 
financial condition and results of operations in the UK. 
FCE and/or Ford could experience unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse 
publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, services, perceived environmental impacts or otherwise. 
Ford spends substantial resources to comply with governmental safety regulations, mobile and stationary 
source emissions regulations, consumer and automotive financial regulations, and other standards, but Ford 
cannot ensure that employees or other individuals affiliated with Ford will not violate such laws or regulations. 
In addition, Ford may need to substantially modify its product plans and facilities to comply with safety, 
emissions, fuel economy, autonomous driving technology, environmental, and other regulations and FCE could 
be subject to new or increased credit regulations, consumer protection regulations, or other regulations, and 
these regulatory standards and interpretations may change on short notice and impact Ford's or FCE's 
compliance status. 
Government investigations against Ford or FCE could result in fines, penalties, orders or other resolutions that 
could have an adverse impact on Ford's and/or FCE's financial condition, results of operations or the operation 
of Ford's or FCE's business. Moreover, compliance with governmental standards does not necessarily prevent 
individual or class action lawsuits which can entail significant cost and risk. In certain circumstances, courts 
may permit tort claims even where Ford and (as applicable) FCE's vehicles, services, and financial products 
comply with federal and/or other applicable law. Furthermore, simply responding to actual or threatened 
litigation or government investigations of Ford's compliance with regulatory standards, whether related to Ford 
products, services, or business or commercial relationships, requires significant expenditures of time and other 
resources. Litigation also is inherently uncertain, and FCE and/or Ford could experience significant adverse 
results, including compensatory and punitive damage awards, a disgorgement of profits or revenue, or 
injunctive relief, any of which could have an adverse effect on FCE's financial condition, results of operations, 
or FCE's business in general. In addition, adverse publicity surrounding an allegation, litigation, or 
investigation, even if there is no merit to the matter, may cause significant reputational harm or create a negative 
public perception of Ford and/or FCE's products and services which could have a significant adverse effect on 
Ford's sales and/or FCE's financial condition, results of operations, or FCE's business in general.  
Certain legal actions and claims are pending or may be instituted or asserted in the future against FCE and/or 
its subsidiaries concerning finance and other contractual relationships. Litigation is subject to many 
uncertainties, and the outcome of individual litigated matters is not predictable with assurance. FCE and its 
subsidiaries (the "FCE Group") have established provisions for certain of the legal actions and claims where 
losses are deemed probable and can be reasonably estimated. It is reasonably possible that certain claims for 
which provisions have not been established could be decided unfavourably to FCE and/or its subsidiaries and 
could require FCE and/or its subsidiaries to pay damages or make other expenditures in amounts or a range of 
amounts that cannot be estimated as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
II. Risks relating to the Notes 
Risks related to the structure of particular Notes 
Different types of Notes may be issued under the Programme and some Notes may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain risks related to the structure of 
particular Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
 
Optional Redemption 
Any optional redemption feature where FCE is given the right to redeem the Notes early might negatively 
affect the market value of such Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market 
value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This 
also may be true prior to any redemption period, including where there is a perceived increase in the likelihood 
of redemption of the Notes. Furthermore, since FCE may be expected to redeem the Notes when prevailing 
interest rates are relatively low, an investor might not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the return that would have been received on such Notes had they not been redeemed. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in the market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that may convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, 
may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may 
result in a lower interest result for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the 
fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes. 
Risks relating to Notes linked to a "benchmark" rate or index 
The EU Benchmark Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmark Regulation") regulate the risk of manipulating the value of "benchmark" 
rates or indices, (such as EURIBOR, as defined in Condition 4(b)(i)(z)) and to reduce the risk of conflicts of 
interests arising. They aim at improving the quality, integrity and accuracy of the input data and the 
transparency of the methodologies used by administrators and at improving governance and controls of both 
administrators' and contributors' activities. The Benchmark Regulation and UK Benchmark Regulation could 
have a material impact on any Notes linked to a "benchmark" rate or index, in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation or UK Benchmark Regulation (or any such other rules), and such changes could (amongst other 
things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, of the benchmark. In addition, the EU Benchmark Regulation and UK Benchmark Regulation 
stipulate that each administrator of a "benchmark" regulated thereunder must be licensed by the competent 
authority of the Member State or the UK where such administrator is located. It cannot be ruled out that 
administrators of certain "benchmarks" will fail to obtain a necessary licence, preventing them from continuing 
to provide such "benchmarks". Other administrators may cease the provision of certain "benchmarks" because 
of the additional costs of compliance with the EU Benchmark Regulation and other applicable regulations, and 
the risks associated therewith. More broadly, any of the international or national proposals for reform, or the 
general increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain 
"benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance of certain "benchmarks". More generally there can be no assurance 
that EURIBOR will continue to be available.  
Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation, 
it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed 
or replaced with the euro short-term rate (€STR) or an alternative benchmark.

--- Page 24 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national proposals 
for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could require an adjustment to the Conditions of the Notes 
linked to a "benchmark" or to the interest rate applicable to such Notes effectively becoming fixed at the rate 
last set in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a "benchmark".  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmark Regulation and UK Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation 
or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the 
capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant 
working groups have explored alternative reference rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference 
rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated 
term). The continued development of SONIA rates as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as 
well as continued development of SONIA based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market 
price of the Notes referencing SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that 
set out in the Conditions of the Notes referencing SONIA that may be issued under the Programme. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with Notes referencing SONIA that may be issued under the Programme. In 
addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives and 
loan markets. Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA 
reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing SONIA. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Notes.  
SONIA has a limited history 
Publication of SONIA (in its current form) has a limited history. The future performance of SONIA may 
therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance. The level of SONIA during the 
term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SONIA. Prior observed patterns, if any, 
in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SONIA such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Furthermore, the Interest Rate is only capable of being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be 
payable on Notes referencing SONIA, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes 
without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of Notes 
referencing SONIA. Further, if Notes referencing SONIA become due and payable under Condition 9 (Events 
of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of 
Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending 
immediately prior to the date on which such Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SONIA may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or discontinue 
SONIA 
The Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may make methodological or other changes 
that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the method by which SONIA is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, or timing related to the publication 
of SONIA. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of 
SONIA (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on Notes referencing SONIA will

--- Page 25 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
 
apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
The prices at which Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other Notes issued at a substantial discount from their 
principal amount payable at maturity, trade in the secondary market tend to fluctuate more in relation to general 
changes in interest rates than do the prices for conventional interest-bearing securities of comparable maturities. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Any downgrade, suspension 
or withdrawal of a rating could have a material adverse impact on the value of the Notes. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination of €100,000 plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of €100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of 
€100,000 (or its equivalent). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a 
principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in 
respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. In relation to any issue of 
Notes which are expressed to be temporary Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes, such notes may 
only be issued in denominations equal to or greater than €100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples thereof. 
III. Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally.  
Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority 
In recognition of the powers granted by law to the Resolution Authority (as defined in Condition 17 (Agreement 
and Acknowledgement with Respect to the exercise of Bail-in Power)), by its acquisition of any Series of Notes, 
each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that the Amounts Due (as defined in Condition 17 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgement with Respect to the exercise of Bail-in Power)) arising under the Notes may be subject to 
the exercise of any Bail-in Power (as defined in Condition 17 (Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect 
to the exercise of Bail-in Power)) by the Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority which may result in (a) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due, (b) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts 
Due into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral 
on the Noteholders of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, (c) the cancellation of the Notes and/or (d) the amendment 
or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the 
date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period. Each 
Noteholder further acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by the variation of the terms of the 
Notes, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority.  
Accordingly, the Bail-in Power may be exercised in such a manner as to result in Noteholders losing all or a 
part of the value of their investment in the Notes or receiving a different security from the Notes which may 
be worth significantly less than the Notes and which may have significantly fewer protections than those 
typically afforded to debt securities. Moreover, the Resolution Authority may exercise the Bail-in Power 
without providing any advance notice to, or requiring the consent of, the Noteholders. In addition, under the 
Conditions, the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes is not an 
Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default)) or a default for any purpose.

--- Page 26 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
 
Further bonds or other indebtedness  
There is no restriction on the amount of notes, bonds or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Notes. The issue or guaranteeing of any such notes 
or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by Noteholders during 
a winding-up or administration or resolution of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes. In addition, the Notes do not contain any restriction on the Issuer issuing securities 
that may have preferential rights to the Notes or securities with similar or different provisions to those described 
herein. 
Changes in law 
The Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Changes 
in law after the date hereof may affect the rights of Noteholders as well as the market value of the Notes. The 
Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as of the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. Such changes in law may include changes 
in statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the Notes which may have an adverse effect on an 
investment in the Notes. 
Legislative and regulatory uncertainty could affect an investor's ability to accurately value the Notes and, 
therefore, affect the trading price of the Notes given the extent of any impact on the Notes that one or more 
regulatory or legislative changes could have. In particular, the UK's withdrawal from the EU has resulted in 
divergence between English law and EU law and may diverge further. FCE is not able to predict how UK 
legislation might develop. Furthermore, the financial services industry continues to be the focus of significant 
regulatory change and scrutiny which may adversely affect FCE's business, financial performance, capital and 
risk management strategies. Such regulatory changes, and the resulting actions taken to address such regulatory 
changes, may have an adverse impact on FCE's performance and financial condition. It is not yet possible to 
predict the detail of such legislation or regulatory rule-making or the ultimate consequences to FCE or the 
Noteholders which could be material to the rights of Noteholders and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under such Notes. 
Modification, Waivers and Substitution 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders that did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders that voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. 
The Conditions of the Notes also provide that another subsidiary of the Ford Motor Company may, without the 
consent of Holders, be substituted as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the 
circumstances described in Condition 10 (Substitution). Such circumstances include that the Notes may be 
guaranteed by a guarantor which meets the requirements of Condition 10 (Substitution). Such substitute issuer 
and, if applicable, guarantor, may themselves also be substituted under Condition 10 (Substitution). 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The interests of the Calculation Agent may differ from the interests of Noteholders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that 
such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term of the relevant Notes and upon their redemption.

--- Page 27 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
 
A Dealer's potential conflict of interest whilst acting as a Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. 
In such a case, the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is 
involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting 
interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and 
procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be 
engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the 
Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
IV. Risks related to the market generally  
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk 
and exchange controls.  
Liquidity Risks 
The Notes may not have an established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a Tranche 
of Notes is issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors, this may result in an even more illiquid 
or volatile market in such Notes. There can be no assurance of a secondary market for the Notes or the continued 
liquidity of such market if one develops. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number of 
factors such as the creditworthiness of FCE, liquidity available to Brokers or Dealers and the value of any 
applicable reference rate, as well as other factors such as the complexity and volatility of the reference rate, the 
method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of such Notes, the time remaining to the maturity of the 
Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, any redemption features of the Notes and the level, direction and 
volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of the Notes. In addition, 
certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may have a more 
limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable investors to realise their anticipated 
yield. No investor should purchase Notes unless the investor understands and is able to bear the risk that certain 
Notes will not be readily sellable, that the value of Notes will fluctuate over time and that such fluctuations 
will be significant. 
Exchange Rate Risks and Exchange Controls 
The principal of, or any return on, Notes may be payable in, or determined by reference to, one or more 
specified currencies (including exchange rates and swap indices between currencies or currency units). For 
investors whose financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the specified currency in which the related Notes are denominated, or where principal 
or return in respect of Notes is payable by reference to the value of one or more specified currencies other than 
by reference solely to the Investor's Currency, an investment in such Notes entails significant risks that are not 
associated with a similar investment in a debt security denominated and payable in such Investor's Currency. 
Such risks include, without limitation, the possibility of significant fluctuations in the rate of exchange between 
the applicable specified currency and the Investor's Currency and the possibility of the imposition or 
modification of exchange controls by authorities with jurisdiction over such specified currency or the Investor's 
Currency. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and political 
events over which FCE has no control.  
Appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the value of the applicable specified currency 
would result in a decrease in the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on a Note denominated, or the principal 
of or return on which is payable, in such specified currency, in the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal of such Note payable at maturity (if any) and generally in the Investor's Currency-equivalent market 
value of such Note. In addition, depending on the specific terms of a Note denominated in, or the payment of 
which is determined by reference to the value of, one or more specified currencies (other than solely the 
Investor's Currency), indices (including exchange rates and swap indices between currencies or currency units)

--- Page 28 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
 
or formulas, fluctuations in exchange rates relating to any of the currencies or currency units involved could 
result in a decrease in the effective yield on such Note and, in certain circumstances, could result in a loss of 
all or a substantial portion of the principal of such Note to the investor. 
Government and monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, exchange 
controls that could affect exchange rates, as well as the availability, of the specified currency in which a Note 
is payable at the time of payment of the principal or return in respect of such Note.

--- Page 29 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, FCE, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from 
time to time issue the Notes. The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed 
€6,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
RESPONSIBILITY 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purpose of giving information regarding the Issuer and the Ford Group which, according to the particular 
nature and circumstances of the Issuer and the type of Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer 
and the Issuer accepts responsibility accordingly. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and, in relation to each 
Tranche of Notes, in the applicable Final Terms for such Tranche of Notes and declares that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
ISSUE OF NOTES 
Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in Series, the Notes of each Series having one or more issue dates 
and identical terms (except in respect of the first payment of interest) and intended to be interchangeable with 
all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in Tranches on different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Series will be set forth in a set of final terms (the "Final Terms"). Notes will be issued in such 
denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any applicable Final Terms and all 
documents incorporated herein by reference.

--- Page 30 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following sections of the following documents, which have previously been published or are published 
simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank, are hereby incorporated 
by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. FCE is an indirect subsidiary of FMCC and the 
information incorporated by reference with respect to FMCC is provided for information purposes only.  
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the information incorporated herein by reference, with 
the exclusion of any profit forecasts or estimates. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein 
are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
 
On 1 September 2024, FCE successfully completed the transfer of its German subsidiary, Ford Bank GmbH, 
to its parent company Ford ECO (the "Transfer"), such that Ford Bank GmbH has become a sister company 
of FCE and is no longer part of the FCE Group. The financial information relating to FCE provided in this 
Base Prospectus (including in this section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference") includes Ford 
Bank GmbH's financial data prior to the Transfer and as such does not illustrate (nor has it been adjusted to 
illustrate) the financial impact of the Transfer on FCE. 
 
Information incorporated by reference from FCE's Half Year 
Management Statement relating for the half year ended 30 June 2024 
 
Page  
Reference* 
Highlights (unaudited) 
 
 2 
Management Statement (except for the paragraph headed "Full Year 
Outlook" on page 3 and the column headed "2024 Forecast" on page 4) 
 
 3 
* Please note that FCE's Half Year Management Statement is not paginated and page references refer to the 
page of FCE's Half Year Management Statement commencing with the cover page as page 1. 
Information incorporated by reference from FMCC Q3 Earnings Review entitled 
"Q3 Earnings Review October 28, 2024"  
Page Reference 
Key Metrics ....................................................................................................................  
 3 
Q3 2024 Net Receivables Mix ($B) ...............................................................................  
4 
U.S. Origination Metrics and Credit Loss Drivers .........................................................  
5 
Worldwide Credit Loss Metrics .....................................................................................  
6 
U.S. Lease Metrics .........................................................................................................  
7 
Funding Structure ...........................................................................................................  
8 
Public Term Funding Plan ($B) (except for the column headed "2024 Forecast") .........  
9 
Liquidity Sources ($B) ...................................................................................................  
10 
Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements .........................................................  
11 
EBT By Segment ($M) ..................................................................................................  
13 
Financing Shares and Contract Placement Volume........................................................  
14 
Definitions and Calculations ..........................................................................................  
15 
 
Information incorporated by reference from FMCC Q2 Earnings Review entitled 
"Q2 2024 Earnings Review July 24, 2024"  
Page Reference 
Key Metrics ....................................................................................................................  
3 
Q2 2024 Net Receivables Mix ($B) ...............................................................................  
4 
U.S. Origination Metrics and Credit Loss Drivers .........................................................  
5 
Worldwide Credit Loss Metrics .....................................................................................  
6 
U.S. Lease Metrics .........................................................................................................  
7 
Funding Structure ($B) ...................................................................................................  
8 
Public Term Funding Plan ($B) (except for the column headed "2024 Forecast") .........  
9 
Liquidity Sources ($B) ...................................................................................................  
10 
Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements .........................................................  
11 
EBT By Segment ($M) ..................................................................................................  
A2 
Financing Shares and Contract Placement Volume........................................................  
A3

--- Page 31 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
 
Definitions and Calculations ..........................................................................................  
A4 
 
Information incorporated by reference from FMCC Q1 Earnings Review entitled 
"Q1 Earnings Review April 24, 2024"  
Page Reference 
Key Metrics ....................................................................................................................  
 3 
Q1 2024 Net Receivables Mix ($B) ...............................................................................  
 4 
U.S. Origination Metrics and Credit Loss Drivers .........................................................  
 5 
Worldwide Credit Loss Metrics .....................................................................................  
 6 
U.S. Lease Metrics .........................................................................................................  
 7 
Funding Structure ($B) ...................................................................................................  
8 
Public Term Funding Plan ($B) (except for the column headed "2024 Forecast") .........  
9 
Liquidity Sources ($B) ...................................................................................................  
10 
Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements .........................................................  
11 
EBT By Segment ($M) ..................................................................................................  
A2 
Financing Shares and Contract Placement Volume........................................................  
A3 
Definitions and Calculations ..........................................................................................  
A4-A5 
 
 
 
Information incorporated by reference from FCE's Annual Report 2023 
Page  
Reference* 
2023 Strategic Report - Company Information ............................................................. 
3 
2023 Strategic Report - Business Model ....................................................................... 
4-6 
2023 Strategic Report - Business Performance  ............................................................ 
7-11 
2023 Strategic Report - Business Environment  ........................................................... 
12-20 
2023 Strategic Report - Non-Financial Statement  ....................................................... 
21-27 
2023 Strategic Report - Section 172 Report  ................................................................ 
28-30 
2023 Strategic Report - Governance ............................................................................. 
31-38 
2023 Audit Committee Report ...................................................................................... 
39-40 
2023 The Directors' Report ........................................................................................... 
41-42 
2023 Financial Statements - Independent Auditors' Report to the  
Members of FCE Bank plc. .......................................................................................... 
 
43-52 
2023 Financial Statements - Consolidated Statement  
of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive income ..................................................... 
 
53 
2023 Financial Statements - Statements of Financial Position ..................................... 
54 
2023 Financial Statements - Statements of Cash Flows ............................................... 
55 
2023 Financial Statements - Statements of Changes in Equity ..................................... 
56-57 
2023 Financial Statements – Index to the Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year 
ended 31 December 2023 .............................................................................................. 
 
58 
2023 Financial Statements – Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the Year 
ended 31 December 2023 .............................................................................................. 
 
59-136 
2023 Financial Statements - European Operating Locations  ....................................... 
137 
Other Information – Alternative Performance Measures Definitions  .......................... 
139 
Other Information – Glossary of Defined Terms .......................................................... 
140-141 
Other Information – Website Addresses  ...................................................................... 
142 
 
 
* Page references correspond to the actual page number of the PDF version of the Annual Report 2023. 
Information incorporated by reference from FMCC's Q4 and Full Year 2023 
Earnings Review February 6, 2024 
Page  
Reference 
Key Metrics ..................................................................................................................  
3 
Q4 2023 Net Receivables Mix ($B) .............................................................................  
4 
U.S. Origination Metrics and Credit Loss Drivers ........................................................ 
5 
Worldwide Credit Loss Metrics .................................................................................... 
6 
U.S. Lease Metrics ........................................................................................................ 
7

--- Page 32 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
 
Information incorporated by reference from FMCC's Q4 and Full Year 2023 
Earnings Review February 6, 2024 
Page  
Reference 
Cumulative Maturities At December 31, 2023 ($B) ..................................................... 
8 
Funding Structure ($B) ................................................................................................. 
9 
Public Term Funding Plan ($B) (except for the column headed "2024 Forecast") ....... 
10 
Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements ....................................................... 
11 
EBT By Segment ($M) ................................................................................................. 
A3 
Financing Shares and Contract Placement Volume ...................................................... 
A4-A5 
Liquidity Sources ($B) .................................................................................................. 
A9 
Definitions and Calculations ......................................................................................... 
A10-A11 
 
Information incorporated by reference from FMCC Third Quarter Earnings 
Review entitled "Q3 2023 Earnings Review dated October 26, 2023" 
 
Page Reference 
Key Metrics ....................................................................................................................  
3 
Q3 2023 Net Receivables Mix ($B) ...............................................................................  
4 
U.S. Origination Metrics and Credit Loss Drivers .........................................................  
5 
Worldwide Credit Loss Metrics .....................................................................................  
6 
U.S. Lease Metrics .........................................................................................................  
7 
Funding Structure – Total Net Receivables ($B) ...........................................................  
8 
Public Term Funding Plan ($B) (except for the column headed "2023 Forecast") .........  
9 
Liquidity Sources ($B) ...................................................................................................  
10 
Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements .........................................................  
11 
EBT By Segment ($M) ..................................................................................................  
A2 
Financing Shares And Contract Placement Volume ......................................................  
A3 
Definitions and Calculations ..........................................................................................  
A4-A5 
 
Information incorporated by reference from FCE's Annual Report 2022 
Page  
Reference* 
2022 Strategic Report - Company Information ............................................................. 
3 
2022 Strategic Report - Business Model ....................................................................... 
4 
2022 Strategic Report - Business Performance  ............................................................ 
5-10 
2022 Strategic Report – Business Environment ………...  ........................................... 
11-20 
2022 Strategic Report - Non-Financial Statement  ....................................................... 
21-25 
2022 Strategic Report - Section 172 Report  ................................................................ 
26-28 
2022 Strategic Report - Governance ............................................................................. 
29-37 
2022 Audit Committee Report ...................................................................................... 
38-39 
2022 The Directors' Report ........................................................................................... 
40-41 
2022 Financial Statements - Independent Auditors' Report to the  
Members of FCE Bank plc. .......................................................................................... 
 
42-50 
2022 Financial Statements - Consolidated Statement  
of Profit and Loss and Other Comprehensive income .................................................. 
 
51 
2022 Financial Statements - Statements of Financial Position ..................................... 
52 
2022 Financial Statements - Statements of Cash Flows ............................................... 
53 
2022 Financial Statements - Statements of Changes in Equity ..................................... 
54-55 
2022 Financial Statements – Index to the Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year 
ended 31 December 2022 .............................................................................................. 
 
56 
2022 Financial Statements – Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the Year 
ended 31 December 2022 .............................................................................................. 
 
57-133 
2022 Financial Statements - European Operating Locations  ....................................... 
134 
Other Information – Glossary of Defined Terms .......................................................... 
136-138 
Other Information – Website Addresses  ...................................................................... 
139 
 
 
* Page references correspond to the actual page number of the PDF version of the Annual Report 2022.

--- Page 33 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
 
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined herein), make available, free 
of charge, upon oral or written request, a copy of this Base Prospectus and any document incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. Copies of all documents incorporated by reference are also 
available in electronic form on the website of Euronext Dublin (at https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-
detail/p1355%7C27928/documents).  
Investors who have not previously reviewed the information contained in the above documents should do so 
in connection with their evaluation of the Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENTS 
 
The Issuer will, in connection with the listing of the Notes on Euronext Dublin, in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus (a "Prospectus Supplement") in accordance with Article 23 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation or publish a new base prospectus as may be required under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin. Any 
statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any information or in any of the documents incorporated by 
reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by 
reference modifies or supersedes such statement provided that such modifying or superseding statement is 
made by way of a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner that would make this Base Prospectus, as 
so modified or amended, inaccurate or misleading, a new base prospectus will be prepared.

--- Page 35 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the conditions which, subject to the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms (such terms to apply only in relation to the Series of Notes to which the applicable Final Terms relate), 
will be applicable to any Notes represented by a Note in global form (the "Global Note(s)") (subject as provided 
in "Form of Notes") and the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) 
representing each Series and which, subject further to simplification by deletion of non-applicable provisions, 
will be endorsed on such Notes, details of the relevant Series being shown on the relevant Notes and in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Capitalised terms which are not defined in these conditions (the "Conditions") will have the meanings given 
to them in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an agency agreement dated 9 December 2021, as most recently amended and 
restated on 4 December 2024 (as further amended or supplemented from time to time) (the "Agency 
Agreement"), between the Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent (the 
"Fiscal Agent"), principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent") and calculation agent (the 
"Calculation Agent" and, together with the Principal Paying Agent and any additional or other paying agents 
in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed, the "Paying Agents"). The Noteholders (as defined below) 
and the holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") appertaining to interest bearing Notes and, where 
applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the "Talons") (the "Couponholders") are 
deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of the Paying Agents. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes, which are serially numbered, are issued in bearer form in the denomination(s) ("Specified 
Denomination(s)" or "Denomination(s)") specified on this Note and in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes of one Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Denomination. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Notes 
which do not bear interest in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest accruing 
after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Title to the Notes, Coupons and Talons, shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed 
to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Note, Coupon or Talon, as the case may be, for 
the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or 
not such Note, Coupon or Talon shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or 
loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone. 
In these Conditions, "Notes" means those notes which form a single series with this Note, "Noteholder" 
means the bearer of any Note, "holder" (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of 
any Note, Coupon or Talon (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them 
on the Notes, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
Status 
The Notes and Coupons constitute direct unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer, ranking pari passu, without any preference among themselves and with all other present and

--- Page 36 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
 
future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer (other than that 
preferred by law). 
3.  
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
So long as any Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement): 
(i) 
the Issuer will not (except as otherwise required by law or a court of competent 
jurisdiction) create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form 
of encumbrance or security interest ("Security") upon the whole or any part of its property 
or assets present or future to secure any Relevant Debt, or to secure any guarantee of or 
indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer will procure that (except as otherwise required by law or a court of competent 
jurisdiction) no subsidiary (as defined in Section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006) of the 
Issuer creates or permits to subsist any Security upon the whole or any part of the property 
or assets present or future of any such subsidiary to secure any of the Issuer's Relevant 
Debt, or to secure any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any of the Issuer's Relevant 
Debt, 
unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the Notes and the Coupons 
(aa) are secured equally and rateably therewith or (bb) have the benefit of such other security or 
other arrangement as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition, "Relevant Debt" means any present or future indebtedness 
in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which 
are for the time being, or are intended to be, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock 
exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market, having an original maturity of more than 
one year from its date of issue, other than such for which an offering is directed into a single 
country to the residents thereof and that is made in accordance with the local laws and customary 
practices and documentation of such country. 
4.  
Interest and other calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Interest Rate(s). Interest will 
be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
4(g) (Calculations).  
(b) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes: 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Interest Rate, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
4(g) (Calculations). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest 
Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown 
hereon as the Interest Accrual Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of 
the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Interest Rate for Floating Rate Notes: The Interest Rate in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the 
provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall 
apply, depending upon which is specified hereon.

--- Page 37 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for each Interest Accrual 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent (or any other Agent appointed by the 
Calculation Agent from time to time to act on its behalf) as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which:  
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(z)    the relevant Reset Date is either (x) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based 
on the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") or on the Euro-zone inter-
bank offered rate ("EURIBOR"), the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or 
(y) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable 
Final Terms the Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii)  
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference EURIBOR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is EURIBOR, the Interest Rate for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2)      the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by 
the Calculation Agent (or any other Agent appointed by the Calculation Agent 
from time to time to act on its behalf). If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there 
is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations. 
(A) If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (ii)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
or if sub-paragraph (ii)(2) above applies and fewer than two such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the Reference Rate, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the

--- Page 38 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
 
Interest Rate for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(B)  If paragraph (A) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as 
provided below, the Interest Rate shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for 
such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, provided that, if the Interest Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Interest Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period).  
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is SONIA, the Interest Rate for each Interest Accrual Period 
will: 
(1) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily, the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified 
Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the Relevant Decimal Place: 
 
Where:

--- Page 39 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
 
"Business Day" or "BD" in this Condition means, where "SONIA" is specified as 
the Reference Rate, a London Business Day; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"d" is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
"do" is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Business Days in 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
"i" is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, a series of whole numbers from 
one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
"Interest Accrual Period" means in relation to any Interest Period: 
a. 
where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Interest Period; 
b. 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Observation Period relating to such Interest 
Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the 
number of calendar days from and including such Business Day "i" up to but 
excluding the following Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from and 
including the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period: 
a. 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-
back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if less than five 
Business Days, prior agreement with the Calculation Agent is required); 
b. 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, zero; and 
c. 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if less than five Business Days, prior agreement with the Calculation Agent 
is required); 
"r" means: 
a. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation

--- Page 40 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such 
Business Day; and 
b. 
where in the applicable Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
1. 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day, and 
2. 
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being 
a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in respect 
of the Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day 
of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding 
with the relevant Interest Determination Date);  
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other 
than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall be the number of decimal places specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and will be rounded up or down, if necessary (with half of 
the highest decimal place being rounded upwards) (or, if no such number is 
specified, it shall be five); 
"ri-pBD" means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the applicable 
Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, where "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the Business 
Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" 
Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, where "Lock-out" or 
"Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Business Day "i"; and  
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day.  
(2) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period will, subject to as provided below, be the 
Weighted Average Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant Decimal Place, where: 
"Business Day" has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above;  
"Lock-out Period" has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above; 
"Observation Period" has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above;  
"Reference Day" has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above; and 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means:

--- Page 41 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
 
a. 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate 
in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Observation 
Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by 
the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the 
sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes 
the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for 
the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and 
b. 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate 
in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, 
calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the 
number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum 
of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any 
calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, 
the relevant Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out 
Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-
out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any 
calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the 
proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(3) 
where "Index Determination" is specified as the Calculation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the compounded daily reference rate for the 
relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant 
Decimal Place, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date where: 
"Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as 
published at 10.00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a 
successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which 
the Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on 
which the Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means in relation to any Interest Period, the Compounded Index 
value on the day falling "p" Business Days (as defined in paragraph (1) 
above) prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which 
by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period);

--- Page 42 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
 
"p" is the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified, five); 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall be the number of decimal places specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and will be rounded up or down, if necessary 
(with half of the highest decimal place being rounded upwards) (or, if no 
such number is specified, shall be five); and 
"Start" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the Compounded Index 
value on the day falling "p" Business Days (as defined in paragraph (1) 
above) prior to the first day of such Interest Period. 
Subject to Condition 4(c) (Benchmark Event), if, with respect to any 
Interest Period, the relevant rate is not published for the Compounded Index 
either on the relevant Start or End date, then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as if Index 
Determination was not specified as the Calculation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms and as if Compounded Daily was specified instead 
as the Calculation Method in the applicable Final Terms and where 
"Observation Shift" was specified as the Observation Method. 
(4) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, if, in respect of any Business Day, SONIA (as defined in paragraph 
(1) above) is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such Reference Rate 
shall be: 
a. 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the mean 
of the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days 
on which SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; 
or 
b. 
subject to Conditions 4(c)(1) and 4(c)(2), if such Bank Rate is not 
available, the SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors), 
and in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(5) 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 4(c) 
(Benchmark Event), the Interest Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or 
Minimum Interest Rate relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have 
been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the

--- Page 43 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Interest Rate or 
Minimum Interest Rate applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 5 (Redemption and Purchase) or Condition 9 (Events of 
Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and 
the Interest Rate on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(iv) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in respect of an Interest Accrual Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent using straight line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of the two rates shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and the other of the two rates shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; provided, however, that if there is no rate available for 
a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer 
shall determine as appropriate for such purposes. 
"Applicable Maturity" means (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the 
Designated Maturity.  
(c) 
Benchmark Event: 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4(b) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes) above, 
but subject to Condition 4(b)(iii)(4)a above taking precedence in the case of Floating Rate Notes 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, if a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined 
below), as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) and any Benchmark Amendments 
(each as defined and as further described below). 
(ii) 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(c) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer, 
and (in the absence of bad faith, fraud or negligence) shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made 
by it pursuant to this Condition 4(c). 
(iii) 
if the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4(c)(v)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part

--- Page 44 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 4(c)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(c)(v)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Interest Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(c)). 
(iv) 
if (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 4(c) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Interest Rate applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Interest Rate last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, 
the Interest Rate shall be the initial Interest Rate. Where a different Margin or Maximum 
Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period. This Condition 4(c) shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
4(c). 
(v) 
Adjustment Spread: If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to 
determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without 
an Adjustment Spread. 
(vi) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(c) and the Independent Adviser 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 4(c)(vii), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from 
the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(c)(vi), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(vii) 
Notice: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(c) will be notified 
promptly (but in any event no later than 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date) by the Issuer to the Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer:

--- Page 45 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
 
(A) 
confirming (1) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (2) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (3) the applicable Adjustment Spread and 
(4) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(c); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the 
Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled 
to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error 
or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to 
the Fiscal Agent's or the Calculation Agent's or the Paying Agents' ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(viii) Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer 
under this Condition 4(c), the Original Reference Rate and the fall-back provisions 
provided for in Condition 4(b) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes) will continue to 
apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
Definitions: For the purposes of this Condition 4(c), the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) 
to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
a. 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
b. 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised 
or acknowledged); or 
c. 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4(c)(iii) is customary in market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes, or, 
if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, such other rate as the

--- Page 46 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner 
determines is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(c)(vi).  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
a. 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
b. 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
it will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing 
the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
c. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
d. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, 
in each case within the following six months; or 
e. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that the use of the Original Reference Rate will 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in 
respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six months; or 
f. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative; or 
g. 
it has become unlawful for any Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate. 
provided that in the case of paragraphs b. to f. above, the Benchmark Event shall 
occur on: 
(A) 
in the case of b. above, the date of the cessation of the publication of the 
Original Reference Rate; 
(B) 
in the case of c. above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate; 
(C) 
in the case of d. above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate is 
prohibited from being used;  
(D) 
in the case of e. above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate 
becomes subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(E) 
in the case of f. above, on the date with effect from which the Original 
Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant 
supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market 
and which is specified in the relevant public statement,

--- Page 47 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
 
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date 
of the relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in (A), (B), (C) 
(D) or (E) above, as applicable). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise selected and 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 4(c). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Interest Rate (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
a. 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) or the European Commission; or 
b. 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof or (e) the European 
Commission. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d)  
Business Day Convention:  
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Relevant Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Relevant 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Relevant Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (ii) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Relevant Business Day, (iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Relevant Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Relevant Business 
Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Relevant Business Day. 
(e)  
Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes:  
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Interest 
Rate for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as defined in Condition 5(h) (Early Redemption 
Amount).

--- Page 48 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
 
(f)  
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Redemption Amounts, and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Interest Rate is expressed to be as adjusted by a Margin, such adjustment shall be 
made by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of any Margin specified on the Notes, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii)  
If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate or Redemption Amount is 
specified on the Notes, then such Interest Rate or Redemption Amount shall in no event 
exceed the maximum or be less than the minimum. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves 
being rounded up), (y) all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves 
being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be 
rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up). For these 
purposes, "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency. 
(g)  
Calculations:  
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Interest Rate, the Calculation Amount 
specified thereon and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which 
case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period will equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with 
such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period will be the 
sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In 
respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above 
shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period which interest is required to 
be calculated.  
(h)  
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: 
Subject to Condition 4(c) (Benchmark Event), the Calculation Agent (or any other Agent 
appointed by the Calculation Agent from time to time to act on its behalf) shall, as soon as 
practicable on each Interest Determination Date or after such time on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or 
calculation, determine the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amount, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, obtain such 
quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount 
or any Early Redemption Amount to be notified to the Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer, each 
of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and such 
exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, if determined prior to 
such time, in the case of an Interest Rate and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth 
Relevant Business Day after such determination. The Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment 
Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9 (Events of Default), the accrued 
interest and the Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be 
calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Interest Rate

--- Page 49 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
 
or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of each Interest Rate, 
Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount and Early 
Redemption Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
upon all parties. 
(i)  
Definitions:  
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
not comprising a complete year (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual 
Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i)  
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Accrual Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(ii)  
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii)  
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv)  
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v)  
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation 
Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that 
includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (b) 
the last day of the Interest Accrual Period is the last day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month)); and 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months without regard to the date of the 
first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case 
the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
(vii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a)  
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b)  
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:

--- Page 50 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
 
(x)  
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y)  
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; 
where:  
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European 
Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing 
the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date 
and each successive period beginning on an Interest Period Date and ending on 
(but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means:  
(i)  
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the 
Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being 
payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which 
such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii)  
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date of issue of the Notes (the "Issue 
Date") or such other date as may be specified hereon. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to an Interest Rate and 
Interest Accrual Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, 
(i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is sterling 
or (ii) the day falling two Relevant Business Days in London prior to the first day 
of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither sterling nor 
euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date interest on each Note is payable as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each 
successive period beginning on an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 51 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise 
specified hereon. 
"Interest Rate" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of 
this Note and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the 
provisions, hereon. 
"Reference Banks" means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
in each case selected by the Issuer. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such hereon or any successor or 
replacement rate.  
"Relevant Business Day" means:  
(i)  
in the case of a Specified Currency (other than euros) and/or one or more 
Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
Business Centre for that currency and/or each of the financial centres so 
specified; or 
(ii)  
in the case of euros, any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro (a "T2 Business Day"). 
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which 
payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of 
the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that, upon 
further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor 
or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service). 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or 
any successor system. 
(j)  
Calculation Agent:  
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in the Conditions applicable to this Note and for so long as it is outstanding. 
Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of a Note, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Interest Rate for any Interest Period 
or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate the Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount to comply with any other 
requirements, the Issuer will appoint the London office of a leading bank engaged in the London 
interbank market to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 52 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
 
5.  
Redemption and Purchase 
(a)  
Final Redemption:  
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note will be 
redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its principal 
amount) on the Maturity Date specified on each Note. 
(b)  
Redemption for taxation reasons:  
If (i) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings 
promulgated thereunder) of the United Kingdom (or any taxing authority thereof or therein), or 
any change in the official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws, 
regulations or rulings, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, 
the Issuer becomes or will become obligated to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 
7 (Taxation) or (ii) any act is taken by a taxing authority of the United Kingdom on or after the 
Issue Date, whether or not such act is taken with respect to the Issuer or any affiliate of it, that 
results in a substantial probability that the Issuer will or may be required to pay such additional 
amounts, then the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a 
Floating Rate Note) or, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) redeem the Notes, 
as a whole but not in part, upon not less than 15 days nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), at their Early Redemption Amount 
(as described in Condition 5(h) below), together with interest accrued thereon to the date fixed 
for redemption; provided that the Issuer determines, in its business judgment, that the obligation 
to pay such additional amounts cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available 
to the Issuer not including substitution of the obligor under the Notes. No redemption pursuant 
to (ii) above may be made unless the Issuer shall have received an opinion of independent counsel 
to the effect that an act taken by a taxing authority of the United Kingdom results in a substantial 
probability that it will or may be required to pay the additional amounts as provided in Condition 
7 (Taxation) and the Issuer shall have delivered to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate, signed 
by a duly authorised officer, stating that based on such opinion the Issuer is entitled to redeem 
the Notes pursuant to their terms. 
(c)  
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option):  
If Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than 15 days or more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) (or such other notice period as may be specified thereon), redeem 
all or, if so provided, some of the Notes in the principal amount or integral multiples thereof and 
on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.  
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Early Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms and no greater 
than the Maximum Early Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (the "Redeemed 
Notes") will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
Definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream as either a pool factor 
or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-whole Call): 
If Make-whole Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given not less than 15 days or more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders

--- Page 53 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) (a "Make-whole Redemption Notice"), (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a "Make-whole 
Redemption Date")) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at any time 
prior to the Maturity Date indicated in the applicable Final Terms at their relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Amount (the "Make-whole Call Option"). The Issuer shall, not less than 15 days 
before the giving of the notice referred to above, notify the Principal Paying Agent, the Make-
whole Calculation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
of its decision to exercise the Make-whole Call Option. Not later than the Business Day 
immediately following the Calculation Date, the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Noteholders and such other parties as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms of the Make-whole Redemption Amount. All Notes in respect of 
which any Make-whole Redemption Notice is given shall be redeemed on the relevant Make-
whole Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Benchmark Rate" means the average of the three quotations given by the Reference Dealers 
on the Calculation Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) of the mid-market annual 
yield to maturity of the Reference Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Reference 
Bond is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing 
by the Make-whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices). The Benchmark Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices).  
"Calculation Date" means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)) prior to the 
Make-whole Redemption Date. 
"Make-whole Calculation Agent" means the Calculation Agent or such other international 
credit institution or financial services institution or any other competent entity of recognised 
standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Notes, as 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Margin" means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Make-whole Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified 
Currency of the relevant Notes, determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of such Note and (y) the sum of 
the present values as at the Make-whole Redemption Date of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Note (excluding any interest 
accruing on such Note from, and including, the Specified Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date, immediately preceding 
such Make-whole Redemption Date to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date) discounted from the Maturity Date indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Make-whole Redemption Date on the basis of the relevant Day 
Count Fraction at a rate equal to the Make-whole Redemption Rate; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on such Note from, and including, the Specified 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date, 
immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date, to, but excluding, the 
Make-whole Redemption Date. 
If an Issuer Maturity Par Call Option pursuant to Condition 6(e) below is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole

--- Page 54 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
 
Call Option before the Par Call Date, the Make-whole Redemption Amount in respect of the 
Make-whole Call Option will be calculated by substituting the day that is specified as the Par 
Call Date for the Maturity Date and, for the avoidance of doubt, the last remaining scheduled 
payment of interest shall be deemed to fall on the day that is specified as the Par Call Date, and 
the amount of interest to be taken into account shall be the interest that would have accrued on 
the Notes on, and from, the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Par Call Date, to 
but excluding, the Par Call Date. 
"Make-whole Redemption Rate" means the sum, as calculated by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent, of the Benchmark Rate and the Make-whole Margin. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the three banks selected by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, 
or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the 
Reference Bond having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the remaining term of the Notes. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call): 
If Issuer Maturity Par Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, having given not less than 15 days or more than 30 days' notice (or such other 
period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Principal Paying Agent, and, 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, 
but not in part, at any time during the period commencing on (and including) the day that is 
specified as the Par Call Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at the Final Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Clean-Up Call Option (Clean-Up Call):  
If Clean-up Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the 
event that at least 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Clean-up Percentage") of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes have been 
redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, 
cancelled, the Issuer may, having given not less than 15 days or more than 30 days' notice (or 
such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Principal Paying 
Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding 
in whole, but not in part, at par, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(g)  
Redemption at the option of a Noteholder (Put Option):  
If Put Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the holder of any such Note upon the holder giving not less than 15 days or more 
than 30 days' notice (or such other notice period as may be specified thereon), redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons), with any Paying Agent at its specified office, together with all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons and a duly completed option exercise notice 
("Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. No Note so deposited and

--- Page 55 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
 
option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the 
prior consent of the Issuer. 
(h)  
Early Redemption Amount: 
(i)  
In the case of a Zero Coupon Note: 
(1)  
the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note which does not bear 
interest prior to the Maturity Date upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 5(b) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
(Events of Default) shall be the "Amortised Face Amount" (calculated as 
provided below) of such Note;  
(2)  
subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (3) below, the Amortised Face Amount 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note 
on the Maturity Date discounted to the date on which the Note becomes due and 
payable at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an 
Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon; and  
(3)  
if the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 5(b) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (2) above, 
except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to 
the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference 
to the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph will continue to be made (both before and after any 
judgment) until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note together with any interest which may 
accrue in accordance with Condition 4(e) (Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes). 
(ii)  
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Notes (other than a Zero 
Coupon Note described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 5(b) or upon becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default), shall be:  
(1) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at 
the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(2) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or 
greater than the Issue Price at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at 
its nominal amount; or 
(i)  
Purchases:  
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries, any parent company and any other subsidiary of any such 
parent company may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, if they are to be cancelled 
pursuant to Condition 5(j) below, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining 
thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price.

--- Page 56 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
 
(j)  
Cancellation:  
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, any parent company, 
or any other subsidiaries of any such parent company may be surrendered to the Principal Paying 
Agent for cancellation and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Notes redeemed by the 
Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith) 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes 
(together with such Coupons and Talons) shall be discharged. 
6. 
Payments and Talons 
(a)  
Payments:  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all payments of principal 
and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(e)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, 
save as specified in Condition 6(e)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the currency in which such payment is 
due drawn on, or, at the option of the holders, by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency, provided that in the case 
of euros, the transfer may be to, or the cheque drawn on, an account with a bank in a city which 
has access to T2. In the case of payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes represented 
by any Global Note, a record of each payment, distinguishing between any payment of principal 
and any payment of interest will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to 
which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable.  
Payments of principal and interests in respect of Notes shall not be made by a transfer of funds 
into an account maintained by the holder in the United States or mailed to any address in the 
United States with respect to payments that are not made to (i) persons who may satisfy the 
requirements of Section 165(j)(3)(A), (B), or (C) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, and the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder or (ii) a financial institution 
as a step in the clearance of funds and such payment is promptly credited to an account 
maintained outside the United States for such financial institution or for persons for which the 
financial institution has collected such payment. 
(b)  
Payments in the United States:  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able 
to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, and would not result, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
in adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(c)  
Payments subject to law etc:  
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly 
known as FATCA), regulations and directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7 (Taxation). No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(d)  
Appointment of Agents:

--- Page 57 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a 
Principal Paying Agent, (ii) a Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one and (iii) a 
Fiscal Agent. If and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing and/or trading by any 
competent authority and/or stock exchange, other than the Official List of the Irish Stock 
Exchange, which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent having its specified office in the place required by such competent 
authority and/or stock exchange.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York in respect of any 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (b) above. 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be a Make-whole Calculation Agent if 
provision is made for it in the applicable Final Terms. If the Make-whole Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Make-whole Calculation Agent fails duly to calculate 
any Make-whole Redemption Amount, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent to act as such in its place. The Make-whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.  
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(e)  
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons:  
(i)  
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note that is a Fixed Rate Note, the Note should 
be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining 
thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount 
of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total 
principal due) will be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8 
(Prescription)). 
(ii)  
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note that is a Floating Rate Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii)  
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv)  
Where any Note which provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require.

--- Page 58 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
 
(v)  
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Note. Interest accrued on a Note which only bears 
interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against 
presentation thereof. 
(f)  
Talons:  
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may 
have become void pursuant to Condition 8 (Prescription)). 
(g)  
Non-Business Days:  
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial 
Centres" on the Note, and: 
(i)  
in the case of a payment in a currency other than euros and where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency; and 
(ii)  
in the case of a payment in euros, which is a T2 Business Day. 
7.  
Taxation  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by the Issuer or any 
Paying Agent will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of the United Kingdom or any political sub-division thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary 
in order that the amounts received by the Noteholders and the Couponholders or their agents after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would have 
been received in respect of the Notes or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction (and for the avoidance of doubt this obligation on the Issuer does not apply 
where the Issuer is required to withhold from a payment of principal or interest pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA); except that no additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of 
any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is subject to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the United Kingdom otherwise than merely by holding the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) 
such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third party acting on their 
behalf complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any such third 
party makes a declaration of non-residence or other claim for exemption to any tax authority; or 
(c)  
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for 
payment on the thirtieth such day.

--- Page 59 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant 
to these Conditions, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall 
be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 7. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7, the Relevant Date in relation to such payment means (i) the date 
on which such payment first becomes due or (ii) (if the full amount of the moneys payable on such date 
has not been received by the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent on or prior to such date) 
such later date on which notice is given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
that payment shall be made. 
8.  
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the case 
of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6(a) (Payments) 
or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6(a) (Payments). 
9.  
Events of Default 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note 
may give written notice to the Principal Paying Agent at its specified office that such Note is 
immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued 
interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable unless prior to the time when 
the Principal Paying Agent receives such notice all Events of Default in respect of the Notes shall have 
been cured: 
(a)  
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 30 days (in the case of interest) or 5 days (in the 
case of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of the 
Notes; or 
(b)  
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its 
other obligations (other than immaterial obligations) in the Notes which default is incapable of 
remedy or is not remedied within 90 days after notice of such default shall have been given to 
the Principal Paying Agent at its specified office by a Noteholder; or 
(c)  
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, 
enforced or sued out on or against any material part of the property, assets or revenues of the 
Issuer and is not discharged or stayed within 90 days of its having been so levied, enforced or 
sued out; or 
(d)  
Security Enforced: any encumbrancer takes possession or a receiver, manager or other similar 
officer is appointed of the whole or a material part of the undertaking, property, assets or 
revenues of the Issuer; or 
(e)  
Insolvency: the Issuer is insolvent or is unable to pay its debts (within the meaning of Section 
123(1) of the Insolvency Act 1986) or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of creditors in respect of, or affecting all or any material part 
of, the debts of the Issuer, except in connection with a reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger or consolidation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
Noteholders; or 
(f)  
Winding-up: an order is made by a court of competent jurisdiction or an effective resolution 
passed for the winding-up or dissolution or administration of the Issuer, or the Issuer shall apply

--- Page 60 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
 
or petition for a winding-up or administration order in respect of itself, or the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries ceases or through an official action of the board of directors of the Issuer threatens 
to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations taken as a whole, in each 
case except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, 
merger or consolidation on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders.  
Any such notice by a Noteholder to the Principal Paying Agent shall specify the serial number(s) of the 
Note(s) concerned. 
10.  
Substitution 
 
(a) 
Substitution of Issuer 
The Issuer (including any entity that has become a Substitute Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
10(a)) (the "Substituted Issuer"), may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders 
substitute any company (the "Substitute Issuer"), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ford 
Motor Company from time to time (a member of the "Ford Group"), for itself as principal debtor 
under the Notes, provided that at the time of such substitution, either (1) the Substitute Issuer 
has an Acceptable Rating; or (2) FCE Bank plc, or any other company in the Ford Group which 
holds an Acceptable Rating (in each case a "Guarantor") unconditionally and irrevocably 
guarantees the obligations of the Substitute Issuer under the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons, the 
Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll (a "Guarantee"). The substitution shall be made by deed 
poll (the "Deed Poll") to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency Agreement as 
Schedule 12 (Form of Deed Poll for Substituted Issuer) and any Guarantee, if applicable, shall 
be made in the form scheduled to the Deed Poll as Annex 1 (Form of Deed of Guarantee), and 
may take place only if: 
(i) 
no payment in respect of the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons or the Deed of Covenant is 
at the relevant time overdue; 
(ii) 
the Substitute Issuer shall enter into the Deed Poll and an agency agreement supplemental 
to the Agency Agreement (a "Supplemental Agency Agreement"), in form reasonably 
satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent, in each case executed and delivered to the Fiscal Agent;  
(iii) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Supplemental Agency Agreement, 
the Deed Poll, the Guarantee (where applicable), the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons and 
the Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute Issuer, have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(iv) 
the Substitute Issuer shall agree in the Deed Poll to indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder on an after-tax basis against any tax, duty, levy, assessment or 
governmental charge of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute Issuer's residence for tax purposes and, 
if different, of its incorporation or any political subdivision or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax with respect to the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons or the 
Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been 
made, as well as against any tax, duty, levy, assessment or governmental charge, and any 
cost or expense, relating to the substitution; 
(v) 
immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Event of Default, and no event 
which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an Event of Default, shall have 
occurred and be continuing;  
(vi) 
the Substitute Issuer shall have delivered to the Noteholders (care of the Fiscal Agent) (a) 
legal opinions covering (1) each jurisdiction referred to in Condition 10(a)(iv) above and 
(2) England, in each case from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities 
practice in such jurisdiction, as to the fulfilment of all conditions precedent provided for 
above and the other legal matters specified in the Deed Poll and (b) a director's certificate

--- Page 61 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
 
from the Substitute Issuer certifying the solvency of the Substitute Issuer immediately 
post-substitution; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior written notice of such substitution to the 
Noteholders, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all documents 
in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably 
be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents. References in Condition 9 (Events of Default) to 
obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll 
and, where a Guarantee is to be provided pursuant to this Condition 10(a), the events 
listed in Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be deemed to include the Guarantee not 
being (or being claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect and all 
references in Condition 9 (Events of Default) to the Issuer shall be deemed to also include 
the Guarantor. 
Upon such substitution, the Substitute Issuer shall succeed to, be substituted for, and may 
exercise every right and power of the Substituted Issuer under the Agency Agreement with the 
same effect as if the Substitute Issuer had been named as the Issuer hereunder, and the Substituted 
Issuer shall be released from all liability under the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons, the Agency 
Agreement as it relates to the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, and if applicable any Deed 
Poll entered into by the Substitute Issuer pursuant to this Condition 10 in relation to the Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 10: 
"Acceptable Rating" means a rating for long-term unsecured, unsubordinated debt obligations 
from at least one Recognised Rating Agency, which is equivalent or better than any rating 
assigned to the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated debt obligations of the Substituted Issuer 
at the time of any proposed substitution;  
"EU CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011;  
"EUWA" means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended;  
"Recognised Rating Agency" means any of Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services Europe 
Limited, Moody's Investors Services, Inc. and Fitch Ratings, Inc., or any affiliate of any of the 
foregoing which is either (a) established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
(an "EU Affiliate"), (b) endorsed by an EU Affiliate, (c) established in the United Kingdom and 
registered with the UK CRA Regulation (the "UK Affiliate") or (d) endorsed by a UK Affiliate; 
and 
"UK CRA Regulation" means the EU CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA.  
(b) 
Release of Guarantee 
If at any time when the Notes have the benefit of a Guarantee pursuant to Condition 10(a), the 
Substitute Issuer obtains an Acceptable Rating, then upon having given at least 14 days' prior 
written notice of the same to the Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent, setting out the details of such 
Acceptable Rating and the intended date of termination, the Guarantee shall automatically be 
terminated on the date so specified in such notice and the Guarantor shall be released from all 
liability under the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons and the Guarantee.  
(c) 
Substitution of Guarantor 
At any time when the Notes have the benefit of a Guarantee pursuant to Condition 10(a), the 
Substitute Issuer and Guarantor may, without the consent of the Noteholders substitute any other 
wholly-owned company in the Ford Group with an Acceptable Rating (the "Substitute 
Guarantor"), for the existing Guarantor (the "Substituted Guarantor") as guarantor of the

--- Page 62 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
 
Notes, the Coupons, the Talons, the Deed of Covenant and the Deed Poll under the Guarantee 
on the same terms (with consequential amendments) as the Guarantee. The substitution shall be 
made by the Substitute Guarantor entering into a deed of guarantee substantially in the form 
scheduled to the Deed Poll as Schedule 1 (Form of Deed of Guarantee), and may take place only 
if: 
(i) 
no payment in respect of the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons and the Deed of Covenant 
is at the relevant time overdue; 
(ii) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Guarantee represents the valid, 
legally binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute Guarantor, have been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(iii) 
the Substitute Guarantor shall agree in the Guarantee to indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder on an after-tax basis against any tax, duty, levy, assessment or 
governmental charge of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute Guarantor's residence for tax purposes 
and, if different, of its incorporation or any political subdivision or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax with respect to the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons, the 
Deed of Covenant or the Guarantee and that would not have been so imposed had the 
substitution not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, levy, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution; 
(iv) 
immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Event of Default, and no event 
which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an Event of Default, shall have 
occurred and be continuing;  
(v) 
the Substitute Issuer shall have delivered to the Noteholders (care of the Fiscal Agent) (a) 
legal opinions covering (1) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute Guarantor's 
residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation and (2) England, in each 
case from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in such 
jurisdiction, as to the fulfilment of all conditions precedent provided for above and the 
other legal matters specified in the Guarantee and (b) a director's certificate from the 
Substitute Guarantor certifying the solvency of the Substitute Guarantor immediately 
post-substitution; and 
(vi) 
the Substitute Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior written notice of such 
substitution to the Noteholders, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, 
of all documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might 
otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for 
inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
Upon such substitution, the Substituted Guarantor shall be released from all liability under the 
Notes and the Guarantee. 
11.  
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Waivers, Authorisations etc 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by 
way of virtual meetings) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less 
than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount 
of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including, inter alia, (i) to amend the

--- Page 63 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
 
dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, (ii) to reduce 
or cancel the principal amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce 
the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate 
or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating the Interest Amount in the respect thereof, (iv) 
if there is shown on the face of the Notes a Minimum Interest Rate and/or a Maximum Interest Rate, to 
reduce such Minimum Interest Rate and/or such Maximum Interest Rate, (v) to change any method of 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption 
Amount, including the method of calculation of Amortised Face Amounts (vi) to change the currency 
or currencies of payment of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required 
at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution), the 
quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders 
duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a clear majority of the persons 
voting on the resolution upon a show of hands or if a poll was duly demanded then by a clear majority 
of the votes given on the poll or consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant 
clearing system(s) by or behalf of all the Noteholders, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and 
on all Couponholders. The Agency Agreement also includes provisions for convening, in certain 
circumstances, joint meetings of Noteholders of more than one Series. 
The Issuer and the relevant Paying Agents may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required 
as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
12.  
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in 
London upon payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on 
such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case 
may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable 
by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will 
be issued. 
13.  
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" 
shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 64 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
 
In the event that further notes are issued, the 40-day Restricted Period (as defined in "Form of Notes") 
applicable to the Notes, as described under "Selling and Transfer Restrictions", may be extended. 
14.  
Notices 
All notices required to be given to Noteholders pursuant to these Conditions will be deemed to be validly 
given if published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is 
expected that such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed. 
Until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes. In addition, for so long as any Notes are listed or 
admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange so require, such notice will 
be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by the rules of 
that stock exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication 
or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as 
provided above. 
All notices to the Noteholders will be deemed to be validly given if filed with the Companies 
Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent. 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a 
Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream in such manner as the 
Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream may approve for this purpose. 
15.  
Rights of Third Parties 
The Notes confer no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term 
of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available 
apart from that Act. 
16.  
Governing Law and submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including 
a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute") and, accordingly, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders 
and Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 16, the Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which 
it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any suit, action or proceedings 
(together referred to as "Proceedings") in any such court and any claim that any such 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees 
that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and 
binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any jurisdiction.

--- Page 65 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
 
17. 
Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power 
(a) 
Recognition of Bail-in 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of any Series of Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements, or understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholder, by its 
acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and accepts that the Amounts Due 
arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the Resolution 
Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority, that may include 
and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on the Notes into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue 
to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations), 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes; or 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Payments of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of Amounts Due on the Notes, will become due and payable or be 
paid after the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority if and to the extent such 
amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such 
exercise. 
(c) 
Event of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof 
into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of 
the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, will be an Event of Default 
or default for any purpose. 
(d) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to any Notes, 
the Issuer shall notify the Principal Paying Agent in writing of such exercise and give notice of 
the same to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). Any delay or failure by the 
Issuer in delivering any notice referred to in this Condition 17(d) shall not affect the validity and 
enforceability of the Bail-in Power. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17: 
"Amounts Due" means the principal amount of, together with any accrued but unpaid interest 
due on, the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and 
payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the 
Resolution Authority;

--- Page 66 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
 
"Bail-In Legislation" means Part I of the Banking Act 2009, as amended and any other law or 
regulation applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing 
banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (otherwise than through 
liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings); 
"Bail-in Power" means the powers under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, transfer or dilute 
shares issued by a person that is a bank or investment firm or affiliate of a bank or investment 
firm, to cancel, reduce, transfer, modify or change the form of a liability of such a person or any 
contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into 
shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such 
contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any 
obligation in respect of that liability; and 
"Resolution Authority" means the Bank of England or any successor or replacement thereto or 
such other authority in the United Kingdom with the ability to exercise the Bail-in Power.

--- Page 67 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
 
FORM OF NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form, with or without interest coupons ("Coupons") attached. The 
Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Each Tranche of Notes having an original maturity of more than one year will be initially represented by a 
temporary Global Note without Coupons and each Tranche of Notes having an original maturity of one year 
or less will initially be represented by a permanent Global Note.  
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note ("New Global 
Note" or "NGN") form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant 
Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"). Depositing the Global Notes with the Common Safekeeper does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form ("Classic Global Notes" or "CGNs") will be deposited on 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream and/or 
any other relevant clearing system or otherwise delivered as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
on or about the issue date of the relevant Notes. Interests in temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable for 
interests in permanent Global Notes or, if so stated in the applicable Final Terms, for Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Notes"), in each case after the date falling 40 days after the issue date upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership and interests in permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes.  
No interest will be payable in respect of a temporary Global Note, except as provided below. If the Global Note 
is a CGN, upon deposit of the temporary Global Note(s) with a Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream 
as applicable, will credit each subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof 
for which it has subscribed and paid. 
If the Global Note is an NGN, the principal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to 
time entered into the records of Euroclear or Clearstream. The records of such clearing system shall be 
conclusive evidence of the principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Notes and a statement issued 
by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system 
at that time. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream as the holder of a Note represented by a 
Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream (as the case may be) for his share of each payment 
made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global 
Notes, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream (as 
the case may be). The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in 
respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer 
in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note and such 
obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note in respect of each 
amount so paid. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are expressed to be temporary Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes, such notes may only be issued in denominations equal to, or greater than €100,000 (or equivalent) and 
integral multiples thereof. 
The temporary Global Notes and the permanent Global Notes contain provisions which apply to the Notes 
while they are in global form, some of which modify the effect of the Conditions of the Notes set out in this 
Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of those provisions which modify the effect of the terms and 
conditions:

--- Page 68 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
 
1.  
Exchange 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable if so provided in the applicable Final Terms and on 
such notice as so provided (free of charge to the holder) on or after the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) if the applicable Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 
including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
of 2010) ("TEFRA C") or U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor 
U.S. Treasury Regulation Section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) ("TEFRA D") or in a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes otherwise, each temporary Global Note 
will be exchanged (free of charge to the Noteholder) within a reasonable period of time (not to exceed 
180 days) after the Restricted Period (as defined below) in whole or in part, upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership (in a form to be provided) for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so 
provided in the applicable Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
"Restricted Period" means a day falling not less than 40 days following the closing date (or date the 
Issuer receives the proceeds from the issuance of the temporary Global Note, if there is no closing date). 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge to the holder) on or after the 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under "Partial Exchange of permanent Global 
Notes" below, in part for Definitive Notes with, where applicable, Coupons and Talons attached, upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event; for these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (a) an Event 
of Default (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing or (b) if the 
permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent requesting exchange. 
On or after any Exchange Date (as defined below) the holder of a permanent Global Note may surrender 
such permanent Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Principal Paying Agent. In exchange for any permanent Global Note, or the part thereof to 
be exchanged, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate principal amount 
of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons 
in respect of interest which have not already been paid on the permanent Global Note and a Talon), 
security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements and in or 
substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Forms of Definitive Note, Coupon and Talon) to the 
Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder 
so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive 
Notes. 
"Exchange Date" means a day falling not less than 60 days after that on which the notice requiring 
exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of 
the Principal Paying Agent is located and in the cities in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
In each case, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to purchase 
a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations.

--- Page 69 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
 
Partial Exchange of permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, the permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge to the holder) 
on or after the Exchange Date in part on one or more occasions for Definitive Notes if so provided in, 
and in accordance with, the Conditions.  
2.  
Payments 
No payment falling due during the Restricted Period will be made on a temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note form during the Restricted Period will only be made 
against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement (or such other form as the Issuer may approve). All payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if 
no further payment will be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order 
of the Principal Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders 
for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed in 
the appropriate schedule to each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such 
payment has been made in respect of the Notes. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a 
Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of "business day" 
set out in Condition 6(g) (Non-Business Days).  
If the Global Note is an NGN or issued pursuant to TEFRA C, the Issuer shall procure that details of 
such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of 
payments of principal, the principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and represented by the Global Note will be reduced accordingly. Payments under the NGN will 
be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer's obligation in respect thereof. 
Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such 
discharge. 
3.  
Legend concerning U.S. persons 
For each offering of Notes with a term of more than 365 days, other than a temporary Global Note, each 
Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend:  
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE".  
Any temporary Global Note will bear the following legend:  
"THIS TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES 
ACT"). NEITHER THIS GLOBAL NOTE NOR ANY PORTION HEREOF MAY BE OFFERED OR 
SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO ANY US PERSON UNLESS AN EXEMPTION 
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT IS AVAILABLE." 
4. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to Noteholders of that Series required to be given pursuant to the Conditions 
may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to 
entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of 
the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note. For so long as any Notes are listed on the official

--- Page 70 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
 
list of Euronext Dublin and the rules of such stock exchange shall so require, such notices shall be filed 
with the Companies Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin. 
5.  
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes which are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 4 
(Interest and Other Calculations). 
6.  
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note will (unless such permanent Global Note represents only one 
Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of 
Noteholders and, at any such meeting, as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of 
the Specified Currency of the Notes.  
7.  
Purchase and Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note surrendered for cancellation following its purchase will be effected by 
reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Global Note. 
8.  
Default 
Each permanent Global Note provides that the holder may cause such permanent Global Note, or a 
portion of it, to become due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default) by stating in the notice to the Principal Paying Agent the principal amount of such permanent 
Global Note which is becoming due and repayable. Following the giving of a notice of an event of 
default, the holder of a permanent Global Note may elect that the permanent Global Note becomes void 
as to a specified portion and that the persons entitled to such portion as accountholders with a clearing 
system acquire direct enforcement rights against the Issuer under the terms of a Deed of Covenant 
executed as a deed by the Issuer on 4 December 2024 (the "Deed of Covenant"). 
9.  
Call Option 
No drawing of Notes will be required under Condition 5(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call 
Option)), Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-whole Call)), Condition 5(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call)) and Condition 5(f) (Clean-Up Call 
Option (Clean-Up Call)) in the event that the Issuer exercises any option relating to those Notes while 
all such Notes which are outstanding are represented by a permanent Global Note. In the event that any 
option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any series, the rights of 
accountholders with Euroclear or Clearstream (as the case may be) in respect of the Notes will be 
governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream (as the case may be) (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, 
at their discretion). 
10.  
Put Option 
Any put option may be exercised by the holder of a permanent Global Note giving notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent of the principal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and where 
the permanent Global Note is a CGN presenting such permanent Global Note for endorsement of 
exercise within the time limits specified in the Conditions. Where the Global Note is an NGN, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and the principal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
11.  
NGN Principal Amount 
Where the Global Note is an NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances

--- Page 71 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
 
set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry 
being made, in respect of payments of principal, the principal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.

--- Page 72 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of issues of Notes will be used for general corporate purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of 
any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 73 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
 
REVIEW OF BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS 
General  
FCE Bank plc ("FCE") was incorporated in England and Wales under the Companies Act 1948 on 3 September 
1963 with number 772784 as a private limited company. Its original name, Ford Motor Credit Company 
Limited, was changed to Ford Credit plc when it reregistered as a public limited company on 1 May 1991. On 
1 June 1993, it changed its name to Ford Credit Europe plc and then on 1 June 1998, it changed its name to 
FCE Bank plc. FCE's registered office is at Arterial Road, Laindon, Essex, England, SS15 6EE, telephone 
number +44 (0) 3457 125490. The website of the Issuer is: www.fcebank.com.  
FCE is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Ford Motor Company ("Ford"), a company incorporated under 
the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America. FCE is authorised by the UK Prudential Regulation 
Authority ("PRA") under FSMA and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") and the PRA 
to carry on a range of regulated activities within the UK and through a branch and subsidiary network in ten 
other European countries. FCE is subject to consolidated supervision by the FCA and the PRA, both of which 
are FCE's home state regulators for all of its branch operations. 
Principal Markets  
FCE operates in the UK and four other European countries, including through an operating subsidiary in Italy, 
and provides a combination of retail and dealer financings. FCE also has a Worldwide Trade Finance (WWTF) 
division, which provides finance to distributors and importers in approximately 60 countries. 
Principal Activities 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, FCE's primary business is to provide financial products and services to 
support the sale of Ford vehicles in Europe through the relevant dealer networks. FCE provides financing to 
approximately 603,000 retail customers in the UK, Italy, France and Spain and provides wholesale financing 
to approximately 660 dealer groups. FCE's largest markets are the UK and Italy, with the UK market 
representing 34 per cent. of the total FCE portfolio and Italy representing 21 per cent. as at 31 December 2023. 
FCE provides savings products to approximately 198,000 savings customers primarily in the UK. 
FCE is integrally tied to Ford and its primary focus is to profitably support the sale of Ford vehicles. It drives 
value through a focus on (i) quality and personalised customer relationships that support customers through 
moments that matter; (ii) an integrated, always-on, go-to-market strategy; and (iii) financing solutions to 
support Ford's customers and electrification plans.  
FCE's business is best described in the context of its three main customer groups: (i) Ford's customers; (ii) 
Ford's dealers; and (iii) Ford's automotive operations.  
FCE supports Ford by lending to customers in order to purchase or lease passenger and commercial vehicles, 
by providing access to insurance products to protect customers, and by providing a range of savings products 
that are easy to open, easy to manage and highly secure. These products offer competitive rates and an attentive, 
personal service, and promise existing customers the same rate as new customers.  
FCE supports Ford dealers to sell Ford vehicles by financing new and used vehicle inventory, providing an 
understanding of the automotive dealer business and the financing required to optimise their business model 
through all economic cycles, and providing training on FCE finance products. 
FCE supports Ford's automotive operations through (i) continuously pursuing cost-effectiveness, operational 
and structural efficiencies; (ii) providing a branded finance network dedicated to supporting the sale of Ford 
products; and (iii) engaging strong risk management that ensures continuity and viability of the Ford dealer 
distribution network, regulatory compliance and specialist talent and support for key areas of its business. 
Ownership 
All of the 614,384,050 Ordinary £1 shares of FCE are owned by Ford ECO GmbH ("Ford ECO"). The entire 
issued share capital of Ford ECO is owned by Ford Credit International, LLC ("FCI"). FCI is a wholly owned

--- Page 74 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
 
indirect subsidiary of Ford Motor Credit Company LLC ("FMCC"). Each of Ford ECO, FMCC and FCI are 
indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of Ford. FCE remains a consolidated subsidiary of FMCC. FMCC has 
entered into an agreement with FCE that it will maintain a minimum ownership interest in FCE and that it (or, 
if its interest in FCE is held through an affiliate, such affiliate) will maintain its net worth at, or above, a 
specified level. For further details, see the section headed "—Support Agreement" below. 
Support Agreement 
Pursuant to a support agreement between FMCC and FCE dated 20 September 2004, FMCC has agreed with 
FCE to maintain, directly or indirectly, a controlling interest of not less than 75 per cent. of the issued share 
capital of FCE and to maintain or procure the maintenance of FCE's net worth at not less than U.S.$500 million. 
The five-year agreement provides for the termination date to be extended automatically on 1 February of each 
year for an additional one-year period ending on 31 January of the following year. Either party can give a one-
month notice to terminate the agreement, in which case it will terminate as of the termination date set on the 
last preceding extension date. Neither party has provided written notice; therefore, the termination date has 
been automatically extended by one year to 31 January 2030. 
Relationship between FCE and FMCC  
As highlighted in the "Ownership" section above, the immediate parent undertaking of the Issuer is Ford ECO. 
Ford ECO does not produce consolidated accounts as it is wholly owned by, and consolidated into the accounts 
of, FMCC. The ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party of both FCE and FMCC is Ford. 
Further information relating to FMCC's and Ford's worldwide financial services and automotive operations can 
be found in FMCC's and Ford's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q 
filings. The 10-K filings include a Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm prepared by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in the United States in the form and context in which they are included by 
reference in such filings. The FMCC financial statements are relevant to the Issuer in as much as FMCC owns 
FCI, which in turn owns Ford ECO. Ford ECO is the beneficial owner of the entire issued share capital of the 
Issuer. However, for the avoidance of doubt, neither Ford ECO nor FMCC is a guarantor of, or in any way 
obligated in connection with, Notes issued by FCE. 
Funding and Capital Resources 
FCE's policy is to manage its capital base to targeted levels that exceed all current and expected future 
regulatory requirements. FCE's regulatory capital adequacy is managed through its monthly Asset and Liability 
Management Committee (ALCO) in which actual and projected capital positions are monitored against capital 
requirements as determined by the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) and minimum 
regulatory levels. 
As at 31 December 2023, FCE's Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio was 17.10 per cent. (2022: 16.55 per 
cent.) and the total capital ratio was 19.30 per cent. (2022: 19.03 per cent.). During 2023, FCE's leverage ratio 
remained above the regulatory minimum. The leverage ratio represents the ratio of tier 1 capital to total non-
weighted assets and off-balance sheet exposures that a company has. 
FCE did not pay a dividend in 2023 as compared to 2022 when it paid a dividend of £600 million. FCE's future 
dividend planning will consider future receivables levels and profits while maintaining a capital ratio that 
exceeds regulatory requirements and internal targets. 
FCE's funding strategy focuses on diversification, accessing a variety of markets, channels and investors, 
including central bank funding programmes. The funding strategy is further designed to optimise the level of 
encumbrance in line with FCE's risk appetites. FCE holds liquidity in the form of cash, committed capacity 
and collateral eligible for central bank liquidity facilities. FCE's committed capacity is in the form of committed 
securitisation capacity and a contractually committed unsecured facility. FCE also participates in the Bank of 
England Discount Window Facility (DWF) scheme which can act as an additional source of liquidity. Liquidity 
available for use will fluctuate based on factors which include changes in receivables levels and execution and 
maturity of capital market transactions. As at 30 June 2024, total liquidity sources were £6 billion.

--- Page 75 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
 
As at 30 June 2024, FCE's customer deposits (excluding any of its subsidiaries at that time) represented a total 
of £5.9 billion of funding, which includes the UK deposit programme. 
The level of intercompany loans remained consistent during the period from 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2024. 
 
In the secured funding segment, FCE issued UK retail public (Retained) securitisation debt of £450 million in 
April 2023. In addition, FCE's Italian subsidiary, Ford Credit Italia S.p.A. increased its Italian private 
securitisation debt from €1.2 billion to €1.6 billion in February 2023 and this was further increased from €1.6 
billion to €2 billion in October 2024. 
 
FCE Credit Rating 
FCE's short-term and long-term unsecured debt is rated by three major credit rating agencies: Fitch, Moody's 
and Standard & Poor's (S&P). 
FCE has standalone ratings from Moody's (received in 2023) and S&P, both rating FCE at investment grade. 
The rating from Fitch is based on the rating from Ford and FMCC. 
The credit ratings table below summarises the long-term senior unsecured credit ratings, short-term credit 
ratings and the outlook assigned to FCE as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Credit Ratings 
Fitch* 
Moody's 
S&P 
Long-Term Senior Unsecured 
BBB- 
Baa2 
BBB- 
Short-Term Unsecured 
F3 
P-2 
NR 
Outlook/Trend 
Stable 
Stable 
Stable 
*based on Ford Motor Company's credit rating. 
Recent Developments 
On 1 June 2022, FCE sold the shareholding of its subsidiaries Ford Credit (Switzerland) GmbH and Ford Credit 
s.r.o to its parent, Ford ECO, at book value. On 1 September 2022, FCE transferred the shareholding of its 
subsidiary FCE Credit Hungária Zrt to its parent Ford ECO at book value. 
On 1 September 2024, FCE successfully completed the transfer of its German subsidiary, Ford Bank GmbH, 
to its parent company Ford ECO, such that Ford Bank GmbH became a sister company of FCE and is no longer 
part of the FCE Group. The financial information relating to FCE provided in this Base Prospectus (including 
this section entitled "Review of Business and Operations"), includes Ford Bank GmbH's financial data prior to 
the Transfer and as such does not illustrate (nor has it been adjusted to illustrate) the financial impact of the 
Transfer on FCE. FCE expects the Transfer to reduce the ‘Net loans and advances to customers' by 
approximately £5 billion by year end 2024. FCE expects to be solidly profitable in 2024 with 'Net loans and 
advances to customers' post the Transfer to be approximately £13 billion by year end 2024 as compared to 
£11.3 billion for year end 2023, although the outlook remains uncertain and subject to continuous change based 
upon Ford's latest production forecasts. 
In the light of the current political and macro-economic environment, the Ford Group continues to monitor the 
regulatory landscape and work with regulators to identify opportunities to optimise its operating model to 
reduce complexity and cost which may lead to further reorganisation of the Ford Group and/or the FCE Group. 
FCE continues to develop its digital capabilities to enable continuous improvement of the products and services 
that support its customers and create a foundation for future innovation. This includes strengthening its product 
organisation and the deployment of a new IT platform which launched in the UK in 2024. 
Material Contracts

--- Page 76 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
 
Other than the following contracts, there are no contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary 
course of business) which could result in any member of the Ford Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to FCE's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders. 
FCE can obtain debt financing through a variety of funding methods, including the issuance of Notes under the 
Programme, lending arrangements with other companies in the Ford Group, retail deposits from customers and 
sales of receivables.  
As at 31 December 2023, FCE's group had £3.4 billion loans due to other entities in the Ford Group consisting 
of: 
(i) 
subordinated loans from Ford ECO to support regulatory capital requirements of £0.4 billion; 
(ii) 
£2.5 billion of loans from Ford ECO; and 
(iii) 
£0.5 billion of loans from FMCC. 
FCE continues to meet a portion of its funding requirements through sales of receivables reflecting the more 
stable and generally lower costs compared to unsecured debt and the greater diversity of funding sources that 
this provides. As at 31 December 2023, £6.6 billion of receivables had been securitised. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus includes, on page 76, a reference to "profit from operating activities", which constitutes 
an Alternative Performance Measure ("APM"). Profit from operating activities consists of profit before tax 
adjusted to remove the impact of fair value adjustments to financial instruments and the gain or loss from the 
revaluation of foreign currency assets and liabilities at balance sheet exchange rates. FCE uses this APM to 
exclude impacts on profit from market movements and so assess the profit that is attributable to operating 
activities. This APM is directly identifiable from FCE's Annual Report 2023 incorporated by reference herein, 
and therefore no reconciliation is required.

--- Page 77 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
 
 
ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OVERVIEW 
The financial overview set out below has been extracted without material adjustment from the audited 
consolidated annual accounts of the Annual Reports of FCE Bank plc for the years ended 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2023 which have been audited by BDO LLP, a member firm of, and registered to carry out 
audit work by, the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
 
On 1 September 2024, FCE successfully completed the Transfer, such that Ford Bank GmbH is a sister 
company of FCE and is no longer part of the FCE Group. The financial information relating to FCE provided 
in this Base Prospectus (including this section entitled "Annual Financial Statements Overview") includes Ford 
Bank GmbH's financial data prior to the Transfer and as such does not illustrate (nor has it been adjusted to 
illustrate) the financial impact of the Transfer on FCE. For further information on the Transfer, please see 
"Review of Business and Operations — Recent Developments".  
Consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2023 
 
 
 
FCE Group 
 
 
 
2022 
 
2023 
 
 
 
£ mil 
 
 
£ mil 
 
Interest income 
 
  
576    
974   
Interest expense 
 
 
 (170) 
 
(505) 
NET INTEREST INCOME 
 
 
  406  
 
469 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fees and commissions income 
 
 
            62 
 
61 
Fees and commissions expense 
 
 
  (6) 
 
(7) 
NET FEES AND COMMISSIONS INCOME 
 
 
  56 
 
54 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other operating income 
 
 
  54  
 
52 
TOTAL INCOME 
 
 
  516  
 
575 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allowance for expected credit losses 
 
 
  4 
 
(2) 
 
Operating expenses 
 
 
   
(255) 
 
   
(287) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gain/(Loss) on disposal of Operating Leases 
 
 
30 
 
(13) 
 
Depreciation of property and equipment 
 
 
   
(29) 
 
   
(37) 
 
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 
 
 
  
(5)  
 
  
(5) 
 
Gain/(Loss) on fair value adjustment – non designated derivatives 
 
 
 
128  
 
 
(98) 
 
Gain/(Loss) on foreign exchange 
 
 
 
28   
 
 
(12) 
PROFIT BEFORE TAX 
 
 
  417 
 
121 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Income tax expense 
 
 
  (130) 
 
(33) 
PROFIT AFTER TAX AND  
 
 
 
 
 
PROFIT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 
 
 
  287  
 
88 
 
Translation differences on foreign currency net investments 
    
 78 
 
(33) 
ITEMS THAT CAN BE RECYCLED THROUGH PROFIT AND 
LOSS 
 
 
 
78 
 
(33)

--- Page 78 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
 
Equity investments at FVOCI 
 
 
- 
 
- 
ITEMS THAT CANNOT BE RECYCLED THROUGH PROFIT 
AND LOSS 
 
 
- 
 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE 
 
 
 
 
 
FINANCIAL YEAR ENDING 31 DECEMBER 
 
365 
55 
 
Consolidated statements of financial position as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023 
 
 
FCE Group 
As at 31 December  
 
2022 
2023 
 
 
£ mil 
£ mil 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 
  2,536 
 
2,557 
Derivative financial instruments 
 
 
301    
112 
Other assets 
 
 
441 
 
            481 
Loans and advances to customers 
 
 
 14,297 
 
15,115 
Property and equipment 
 
 
99 
 
218 
Right-of-use assets 
 
 
15 
 
10 
Intangible assets 
 
 
46 
 
58 
Income taxes receivable 
 
 
 40   
44 
Deferred tax assets 
 
 
  28   
35 
Investment in other entities 
 
 
 -   
 -  
TOTAL ASSETS 
 
 
 17,803 
 
18,630 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities 
 
 
7,542 
 
6,580 
Lease liabilities 
 
 
15 
 
11 
Deposits 
 
 
7,131 
 
8,962 
Derivative financial instruments 
 
 
135 
 
104 
Other liabilities and provisions 
 
 
390 
 
359 
Income taxes payable 
 
 
26 
 
19 
Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 
62 
 
39 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 
 
  15,301   
16,074 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
 
Ordinary shares 
 
 
  614   
614 
Share premium 
 
 
  352   
352 
Retained earnings  
 
 
1,536    
1,590 
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 
  2,502 
 
2,556 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 
17,803 
 
18,630 
Comment on FCE's 2022 Results 
FCE's Profit Before Tax ("PBT") of £417 million in 2022 increased by £179 million compared to the previous 
year. Excluding fair value adjustments to financial instruments and gain or loss on foreign exchange, the profit 
from operating activities of £261 million increased by £51 million compared to the previous year. This is 
explained primarily by favourable used vehicle values and a higher financing margin. 
 
Comment on FCE's 2023 Results 
FCE's PBT of £121 million in 2023 decreased by £296 million compared to the previous year. Excluding fair 
value adjustments to financial instruments and gain or loss on foreign exchange, the profits from operating 
activities of £231 million decreased by £30 million year over year. This is explained primarily by the non-

--- Page 79 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
 
recurrence of residual gains and higher operating costs primarily relating to restructuring, partially offset by 
higher financing margins. 
 
THE DIRECTORS 
The names of the directors of FCE as at the date of this Base Prospectus and their functions including, where 
relevant, principal activities outside the Ford Group are given below. 
The business address of the directors is FCE Bank plc, Arterial Road, Laindon, Essex SS15 6EE.  
 
There are no conflicts (nor potential conflicts) of interest between the duties of the directors to the Issuer and 
their private interests. 
 
 
Name 
Function and Principal Outside Activity 
 
 
Keeley Miles 
Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer. 
Jonathan Graydon Baum 
Independent Non-Executive Director of FCE, Senior Independent 
Director at Principality Building Society, Director of Lendable Limited 
and Director of Baum Advisory Limited. 
 
Carlos Dewayne Treadway 
Chief Executive Officer of FCE, Supervisory Board Member of Ford 
Bank GmbH and Director of Ford Fleet Management B.V, Director of 
Demons Unlimited Foundation (Athletic Foundation at Northwestern 
State University). 
 
Talita Ferreira 
Independent Non-Executive Director of FCE, Chair of FCE's Audit 
Committee, CEO and Founder of Authentic Change Solutions Limited, 
Director of Tandem Money Limited, Director of Tandem Bank Limited, 
Chartered Director and Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
for England and Wales (ICAEW) and Fellow of the Institute of Directors. 
 
Brendan John O'Connor 
 
Independent Non-Executive Director of FCE and Non-Executive Director 
of Coventry Building Society. 
 
Marlene Marie Martel 
 
Chair of the Board and Non-Executive Directors of FCE, General Counsel 
and Corporate Secretary of FMCC and Director of Alternatives for Girls 
Detroit, Michigan.

--- Page 80 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
 
SOME IMPORTANT LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS 
Prudential regulation 
As a regulated banking institution, FCE is required to comply with the supervisory and regulatory rules of the 
jurisdictions in which it operates, particularly in the areas of funding, liquidity and capital adequacy. 
Legislation in many of these countries has been enacted or proposed with a view to increasing financial and 
consumer credit regulations. While the objective of these new measures is to avoid a recurrence of the financial 
crisis by increasing bank stability and to provide consumers with increased protection, the impact of the new 
supervisory and regulatory rules could be to change substantially the environment in which FCE, as a fully 
regulated bank under English law, operates. If FCE is required to implement any changes as a result of such 
new rules then its business may be affected. Furthermore, following Brexit, changes in regulation and 
legislation in a number of areas relevant to FCE's business are currently under consultation or otherwise 
actively subject to review. FCE therefore faces some uncertainty as to the impact of such potential changes on 
its operations. 
Such new financial measures that have been or may be adopted include more stringent capital requirements 
and the creation of new and strengthened regulatory bodies. In particular, the legislative package comprising 
the amended Capital Requirements Directive (2013/36/EU) (the "CRD") and Capital Requirements Regulation 
(575/2013) (the "CRR") (collectively, the "CRD IV"), each as implemented in the UK and as they form part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, implementing the proposals of the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (known as "Basel III") and other regulatory developments impacting capital, leverage and 
liquidity positions and the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU (the "BRRD"), as 
implemented in the UK and as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, which established an 
EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. The CRD 
requirements were implemented in the UK before the UK's exit from the EU; the UK framework was then 
amended to reflect the UK's exit from the EU. The CRR has been onshored in the UK by the Capital 
Requirements (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018, as amended. The full scope of the requirements is 
subject to change. FCE continues to proactively monitor for any further developments in the CRR and the CRD 
IV regime but there can be no assurance as to the effect on FCE or its operations of any future changes in either 
the CRR or the CRD IV regime and/or potential implementation thereof in the UK.  
Capital requirements under CRD IV 
CRD IV introduced significant changes in the prudential regulatory regime applicable to banks with many of 
the measures taking effect from 1 January 2014, including: increased minimum levels of capital and additional 
minimum capital buffers; enhanced quality standards for qualifying capital; increased risk weighting of assets, 
particularly in relation to market risk and counterparty credit risk; and the introduction of a minimum leverage 
ratio. Following its implementation, CRD IV has been further amended. CRD IV requirements adopted in the 
UK may change, including as a result of regulatory technical standards developed by the European Banking 
Authority, notwithstanding that they do not form part of UK law, as well as changes to the way in which the 
PRA continues to interpret and apply these requirements to UK banks (including as regards individual model 
approvals or otherwise). Such changes, either individually and/or in aggregate, may lead to further unexpected 
enhanced requirements in relation to FCE's capital, leverage, liquidity and funding ratios or alter the way such 
ratios are calculated. 
MREL requirements under the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
In addition to the capital requirements under CRD IV, the BRRD requires that all institutions must meet an 
individual minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") set by the relevant resolution 
authorities on a case-by-case basis. Although the provisions of the BRRD transposed into UK law relating to 
MREL took effect from the 1 January 2016, the Bank of England is able to determine an appropriate transitional 
period for an institution to reach its end-state MREL. 
Following a consultation paper published in July 2021, in December 2021, the Bank of England published a 
revised policy statement (the "2021 Policy Statement") which concluded the second stage of its MREL Review 
and set out the Bank of England's revised approach of how it expects to use its power to direct a "relevant 
person" (such as the Issuer) to maintain MREL under section 3A(4) and 4(B) of the Banking Act 2009. The

--- Page 81 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
 
2021 Policy Statement, which became effective from 1 January 2022, provides that MREL is a minimum 
requirement for institutions to maintain sufficient own funds and eligible liabilities that can bear losses before 
and during resolution. These requirements are distinct from the EU prudential requirements and proposals 
referred to above. MREL was implemented from 8 November 2016 using a phased approach, and the new 
framework has applied to FCE since 1 January 2020. Although there is no incremental own funds / eligible 
liabilities requirement for FCE under present guidelines, the effect of the implementation of MREL is difficult 
to assess, although it could potentially impact FCE's cost of funding and financial position if the UK 
government opts to keep the framework.  
Deposit-taking and the Banking Act 2009  
FCE is a bank authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA to carry on a range of regulated 
activities within the UK. As part of its business and with effect from April 2017, FCE commenced accepting 
deposits from retail customers in the UK pursuant to a permission granted to FCE under FSMA. Pursuant to 
the Banking Act 2009 (the "2009 Act"), HM Treasury (the "Treasury") and the Bank of England, in 
consultation with the PRA and the FCA, have the power to act, pursuant to a special resolution regime, to 
address situations where all or part of the business of a UK institution such as FCE which has permission to 
accept deposits (a "UK Deposit-Taker"), has encountered, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties.  
The Treasury and the Bank of England have been given certain wide powers to support the implementation of 
the stabilisation measures contemplated by the 2009 Act. The Treasury may, in certain circumstances, take a 
UK Deposit-Taker into temporary public ownership by means of a share transfer order. The Bank of England 
may also transfer all or part of a UK Deposit-Taker's business to a private sector purchaser or a "bridge bank" 
wholly owned by the Bank of England. A transfer to a private sector purchaser may be a transfer of securities 
issued by a UK Deposit-Taker or a transfer of all or part of its property, rights and liabilities. A transfer to a 
bridge bank may be achieved only by a property transfer. A share transfer may comprise all or some of the 
securities issued by a UK Deposit-Taker. A share transfer order can extend to a wide range of "securities", 
including shares and bonds issued by a UK Deposit-Taker or its holding company and warrants for such shares 
and bonds. 
Before the Bank of England or the Treasury are able to exercise these powers, the FCA must be satisfied that 
the UK Deposit-Taker is failing, or is likely to fail, to meet certain regulatory conditions. The purpose of the 
powers is to maintain confidence in the banking and financial systems of the UK and they can only be exercised 
in circumstances that are consistent with the achievement of this objective. 
The powers under the 2009 Act are wide ranging and may entail divesting the authorised UK Deposit-Taker 
of its assets or transferring ownership of any securities issued by it. Accordingly, the enforceability of the rights 
and obligations of FCE could be affected if the Bank of England or the Treasury exercised such powers in 
relation to FCE. 
A share or property transfer made under the 2009 Act takes effect despite any restriction arising by virtue of 
contract, legislation or otherwise, and free from any trust, liability or encumbrance (which may be 
extinguished). A transfer of property, rights or liabilities may occur regardless of whether any of the property, 
rights and liabilities are foreign property which may not be effectively transferred by the property transfer 
instrument. The transfer can also be disregarded in determining whether a default event provision in a contract 
has been triggered. 
Where property is held on trust, a property transfer instrument may provide for the terms on which the property 
is to be held after the instrument takes effect (including the removal or variation of the terms of the trust), and 
also provide for how powers and liabilities in respect of the property will be exercisable or have effect after 
the transfer. 
The Bank of England may also cancel or vary a contract or other arrangement between the transferor and a 
group company (or a company which, immediately before the transfer, was a group company), or to confer 
rights and impose obligations on such a company and the transferor or transferee, where the Bank of England 
considers this step to be necessary to ensure the provision of services and facilities required to enable the 
transferee to operate the transferred business effectively.

--- Page 82 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
 
There is also power for the Treasury to amend the law (save for a provision made by or under the 2009 Act) 
by order for the purpose of enabling the special resolution regime powers to be used effectively, potentially 
with retrospective effect. 
Safeguards restrict the making of partial property transfers in relation to protected arrangements, such as capital 
market arrangements, security interests, set-off and netting arrangements. There is a restriction preventing the 
transfer of some, but not all, of the property, rights and liabilities of a UK Deposit-Taker which are or form 
part of a capital market arrangement to which it is a party. An arrangement is a "capital market arrangement" 
if it includes at least one of several specified characteristics, including a grant of security to a trustee for a 
holder of a capital market investment issued by a party to the arrangement. A "capital market investment" is 
defined, subject to limited exceptions, to mean a debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, bond, certificate of 
deposit or other instrument creating or acknowledging indebtedness which is rated for the purposes of 
investment by an internationally recognised rating agency or designed to be so rated. This safeguard does not 
apply where the only property, rights and liabilities transferred relate to deposits. There is also a restriction 
preventing the transfer of property or rights against which a liability is secured from being transferred unless 
that liability and the benefit of the security for the liability are also transferred. If a share transfer instrument 
or order or a property transfer instrument(s) is made, the 2009 Act contains provisions for the Treasury to make 
related compensation arrangements. 
There can be no assurance that Noteholders will not be adversely affected by any action taken under the 2009 
Act or that they will be adequately compensated (or at all) for any resulting loss or expense.  
Government compensation schemes 
FCE is responsible for contributing to compensation schemes such as the UK Financial Services Compensation 
Scheme (the "FSCS") in respect of banks and other authorised financial services firms that are unable to meet 
their obligations to customers. Further provisions in respect of these costs are likely to be necessary in the 
future. The ultimate cost to the industry, which will also include the cost of any compensation payments made 
by the FSCS and, if necessary, the cost of meeting any shortfall after recoveries on the borrowings entered into 
by the FSCS, remains uncertain but may be significant and may have a material effect on FCE's business, 
results of operations and financial condition. In November 2018, the FSCS published its strategy outlining its 
priorities for the 2020s, which set out four strategic priorities (Prepare, Protect, Promote and Prevent) for the 
next few years. The FSCS will set out further details each year in its plan and budget. 
FCE is also subject to the requirements set out in the EU Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive (2014/49/EU) 
which were implemented in the UK before the UK's exit from the EU, with further clarification provided 
through The Deposit Guarantee Scheme and Miscellaneous Provisions (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 
2018 (together, the "DGS"). The DGS formulates a compliant deposit guarantee scheme that: 
• 
gives a preference in liquidation or resolution to deposits made by retail customers and small and 
medium-sized entities over other senior creditors (including Noteholders); 
• 
sets out the rights of eligible depositors (typically retail customers) to compensation, and repayment 
circumstances and procedures by the DGS, covering the unavailability of any deposit, up to aggregate 
deposits of £85,000 per eligible depositor; 
• 
places obligations on credit institutions, in particular, requirements to provide specified information to 
depositors (and potential depositors) on their rights to compensation under the DGS; and 
• 
sets out provisions on the financing of deposit guarantee schemes, including target finding levels and 
contribution amounts by credit institutions. 
The FSCS established under the FSMA is the statutory fund of last resort for customers of authorised financial 
services firms paying compensation to customers if the firm is unable, or likely to be unable, to pay certain 
claims (including in respect of deposits and insurance policies) made against it (together "Protected 
Liabilities").

--- Page 83 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
 
The Notes are not, however, Protected Liabilities under the FSCS and, moreover, are not guaranteed or insured 
by any government, government agency or compensation scheme of the UK or any other jurisdiction. Further, 
as part of the reforms required by BRRD, amendments were made to relevant legislation in the UK (including 
the UK Insolvency Act 1986) to establish in the insolvency hierarchy a statutory preference (i) firstly, for 
deposits that are insured under the UK FSCS ("insured deposits") to rank with existing preferred claims as 
'ordinary' preferred claims and (ii) secondly, for all other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium 
sized enterprises held in EEA or UK or non-EEA branches of an EEA or UK bank ("other preferred 
deposits"), to rank as 'secondary' preferred claims only after the 'ordinary' preferred claims. In addition, the 
implementation of the DGS increased the size of the class of preferred creditors. All such preferred deposits 
will rank in the insolvency hierarchy ahead of all other unsecured senior creditors of the Issuer, including the 
Noteholders. 
CRD V and CRR II 
In November 2016, the European Commission published a package of proposed amendments to CRD IV / 
CRR ("CRD V" and "CRR II", respectively). Following the European Commission's proposals, CRD V and 
CRR II entered into force on 27 June 2019. CRD V applied from 29 June 2020 and CRR II largely applied 
from 28 June 2021. 
The amendments seek to implement some of the remaining aspects of Basel III and reforms which reflect the 
European Commission's findings on the impact of CRD IV on bank financing of the EU and UK economies. 
Certain of the proposed changes such as new market risk rules, standardised approach to counterparty risk, 
details on the leverage ratio and net stable funding requirements and the tightening of the large exposures limit 
will particularly impact capital requirements. 
The final capital framework to be established in the European Union and the United Kingdom under CRD V / 
CRR II differs from Basel III in certain areas. In December 2017, the Basel Committee finalised further changes 
to the Basel III framework which include amendments to the standardised approaches to credit risk and 
operational risk and the introduction of a capital floor. In January 2019, the Basel Committee published revised 
final standards on minimum capital requirements for market risk. 
The arrangements were originally to take effect from 1 January 2022, with some standards subject to five-year 
phase-in arrangements, but this was extended in June 2020 to apply from 1 January 2023 as part of the European 
Union's response to the COVID-19 pandemic. In October 2022, proposals were made by the European 
Commission to implement Basel III standards into the EU. The legislative package has led to the adoption of 
two regulations: (i) Regulation (EU) 2024/1623 ("CRR III") which will be applicable as of 1 January 2025; 
and (ii) Regulation (EU) 2022/2036 (also known as the Daisy-Chain Regulation), which partially started to 
apply on 14 November 2022. The package also led to the adoption of Directive (EU) 2024/1619 ("CRD VI"), 
which must be transposed into national law by Member States by 10 January 2026. 
The UK has indicated that it is committed to implementing international standards and will adjust the UK 
implementation timetable to reflect the delay.  
On 16 November 2020, the PRA confirmed in a joint statement with the Treasury and the FCA that the above 
statement still applies in respect of the outstanding Basel III standards. The PRA published a consultation paper 
on 30 November 2022 on the implementation of the final Basel III standards in the UK. The consultation closed 
on 31 March 2023. This consultation proposed changes relating to the use of external credit ratings, a floor for 
the use of internal models and a stricter delineation between the banking and trading books. The PRA proposed 
in its statement from September 2024 that it intends to move the implementation date of the final Basel III 
policies to 1 January 2026 and intends to reduce the transitional period to four years to ensure full 
implementation by 1 January 2030. 
The changes may have an impact on the Issuer and on incentives to hold the Notes for investors that are subject 
to CRD V and CRR II and, as a result, they may affect the liquidity and/or value of the Notes. 
UK EMIR 
European Regulation 648/2012 of 4 July 2012, known as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation ("EU 
EMIR") became effective on 16 August 2012. EU EMIR requires certain over-the-counter ("OTC") derivative

--- Page 84 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
 
contracts to be submitted to central clearing and imposes, among other things, margin posting and other risk 
mitigation techniques, reporting and record keeping requirements. Trade reporting and other risk mitigation 
techniques such as portfolio reconciliation and timely confirmation under EU EMIR as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK EMIR") are now effective. Central clearing of OTC derivatives 
for category II entities came into force on 21 May 2016 and FCE has started clearing OTC derivatives. FCE 
has also implemented collateral posting requirements for non-centrally cleared OTC derivatives which came 
into force in March 2017. If FCE is at any point required to implement any significant changes to the way it 
uses derivatives as a result of the implementation of UK EMIR, then its operations could be affected.  
UK GDPR 
European Regulation (EU) 2015/679 which has been supplemented in the UK by the Data Protection Act 2018 
and as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (with adjustments as provided in the Data 
Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019) (the "UK 
GDPR") provides obligations on data controllers and rights for data subjects as well as new fines and penalties 
for a breach of requirements. Its implementation has meant enhancement of the Issuer's procedures and policies. 
FCE could face regulatory and other legal action in the event of a data breach or perceived or actual non-
compliance with UK GDPR requirements. If there are breaches of these measures, FCE could face significant 
administrative and monetary sanctions as well as reputational damage which may have a material adverse effect 
on its operations, financial condition and prospects. See "Risk Factors – Information security risks have 
increased recently as advances in technology continue which may result in a compromise or breach of existing 
protection methods".  
Corporate Insolvency and Governance Act 2020 
Where the Issuer encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that are affecting, or will or may 
affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, the Issuer may propose a restructuring plan (a "Plan") 
with its creditors under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (introduced by the Corporate Insolvency and 
Governance Act 2020) to eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of any of those financial difficulties. 
Should this happen, creditors whose rights are affected are organised into creditor classes and can vote on any 
such Plan (subject to any classes being excluded from the vote by the English courts for having no genuine 
economic interest in the Issuer). Provided that one class of creditors (who would receive a payment, or have a 
genuine economic interest in the Issuer) has approved the Plan, and in the view of the English courts any 
dissenting class(es) who did not approve the Plan are no worse off under the Plan than they would be in the 
event of the "relevant alternative" (such as, broadly, liquidation or administration), then the English courts can 
sanction the Plan where it would be a proper exercise of its discretion. A sanctioned Plan is binding on all 
creditors and members, regardless of whether they approved it. Any such sanctioned Plan in relation to the 
Issuer may, therefore, adversely affect the rights of the relevant Noteholders and the price or value of their 
investment in the relevant Notes, as it may have the effect of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the 
Notes (by, for example, writing down the principal amount of the Notes, modifying the interest payable on the 
Notes, the maturity date or dates on which any payments are due or substituting the Issuer). The Secretary of 
State has the power, by secondary legislation, to exclude certain companies providing financial services from 
the scope of Part 26A and it may well be that, in practice, the special resolution regime under the Banking Act 
is more likely to be used to resolve any financial difficulties of the Issuer rather than the Plan.

--- Page 85 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general summary of certain tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of the 
Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations that may be relevant to the decision 
to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to 
all categories of prospective beneficial owners of the Notes, some of which may be subject to special rules, nor 
with Notes that are not held and accounted for as financial assets. 
This summary is based upon tax laws and/or upon the published practice of HM Revenue & Customs as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, subject to any changes in law and/or practice occurring after such date, which 
could be made on a retroactive basis. This summary will not be updated to reflect changes in law or practice 
and, if any such change occurs, the information in this summary could be superseded. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the overall tax consequences of 
acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes. In particular, purchasers of the Notes should be aware that the 
tax legislation of any jurisdiction where such a purchaser is resident or otherwise subject to taxation (as well 
as the jurisdictions discussed below) may have an impact on the tax consequences of an investment in the 
Notes, including in respect of any income received from the Notes. 
The attention of holders of the Notes is drawn to the provisions relating to additional amounts referred to in 
Condition 7 (Taxation). 
United Kingdom 
The comments below are of a general nature based on current UK law and HM Revenue & Customs published 
practice (which may not be binding on HM Revenue & Customs) and are not intended to be exhaustive. They 
assume that there would be no substitution of the Issuer and do not address the consequences of any such 
substitution (notwithstanding that such substitution may be permitted by the Conditions of the Notes). They 
relate only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of their Notes and any associated 
Coupons and may not apply to certain classes of persons such as dealers, certain professional investors or 
persons connected with the Issuer. They do not necessarily apply where the income is deemed for tax purposes 
to be the income of any person other than the absolute beneficial owner.  
Reference in this part to "interest" shall mean amounts that are treated as interest for the purposes of UK 
taxation. 
Noteholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position, or who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction 
other than the UK, should consult their professional advisers. 
Notes issued by the Issuer 
The Notes will constitute "quoted Eurobonds" within the meaning of Section 987 Income Tax Act 2007 
provided that they carry a right to interest and are and continue to be listed on a "recognised stock exchange" 
within the meaning of Section 1005 Income Tax Act 2007 (Euronext Dublin is so recognised). Securities will 
be treated as listed on Euronext Dublin if they are both admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin and are officially 
listed in Ireland in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in countries in the 
EEA. 
Accordingly, if Notes which carry a right to interest are issued, whether in global or definitive form, and are 
and continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange, then payments of interest on the Notes (including 
payments of interest made through paying or collecting agents) may be made without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of UK income tax. 
The United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of payments under the terms of the Deed of Covenant in respect 
of interest on the Notes (or other amounts due under the Notes other than the repayment of amounts subscribed 
for the Notes) is uncertain.  
If payments are made to Noteholders under the terms of the Deed of Covenant in respect of interest on the 
Notes (or other amounts due under the Notes other than the repayment of amounts subscribed for the Notes)

--- Page 86 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
 
eligibility for the exemption in respect of securities listed on a recognised stock exchange described above in 
relation to payments of interest will depend on such payments being deemed to constitute payments "on the 
Notes" for the purposes of United Kingdom withholding tax. If such is not the case, payments made under the 
Deed of Covenant may be subject to United Kingdom withholding tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) 
unless one of the exemptions described below applies to the payment.  
Interest on Notes having a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue and which are not issued with 
the intention, or under an arrangement or scheme the intention or effect of which is, to render such Notes part 
of a borrowing with a total term of a year or more, may also be paid without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of UK income tax.  
Where interest on Notes is paid to a company which is beneficially entitled to the interest and is within the 
charge to UK corporation tax as regards that interest (or a partnership each member of which is such a company) 
and the Issuer at the time of the payment of interest in question reasonably believes that this is the case, no 
withholding or deduction for or on account of UK income tax need be made, provided that HM Revenue & 
Customs has not given a direction to the contrary under Section 931 of the Income Tax Act 2007, having 
reasonable grounds for believing the conditions for this exemption will not be met at the time the payment is 
made. 
Where interest on Notes is paid by the Issuer in the ordinary course of its business (within the meaning of 
Section 878 Income Tax Act 2007) as a bank (as defined in Section 991 Income Tax Act 2007) payments of 
interest may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of UK income tax. 
In all other cases, interest on the Notes will generally be paid under deduction of UK income tax at the basic 
rate (currently 20 per cent.) subject to the availability of other exemptions or reliefs or to any direction to the 
contrary from HM Revenue & Customs in respect of such relief as may be available under the provisions of 
any applicable double taxation treaty. 
Treatment of any Premium Payable on Redemption 
Where the Notes are to be, or may fall to be, redeemed at a premium as opposed to being issued at a discount, 
then any such element of premium may constitute a payment of interest that would be subject to the rules on 
UK withholding tax outlined above. 
The U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") 
 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a 
foreign financial institution for these purposes. 
 
A number of jurisdictions (including the UK) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and 
IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change. 
 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply 
prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury 
Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final 
regulations. Additionally, Notes that are characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as 
equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. 
Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially

--- Page 87 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
 
modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional notes (as 
described under Condition 13 (Further Issues) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are 
issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering 
period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 88 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in a distribution agreement dated 9 December 2021, as most 
recently amended and restated on 4 December 2024 (as further amended or supplemented from time to time) 
(the "Distribution Agreement"), between the Issuer, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Bradesco 
S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank PLC, BNP PARIBAS, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch, Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Bank plc, ICBC Standard Bank Plc, ING Bank N.V., 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc, Merrill Lynch 
International, Mizuho International plc, Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, NatWest Markets Plc, RBC 
Europe Limited, SMBC Bank International plc, Société Générale, UniCredit Bank GmbH and Wells Fargo 
Securities International Limited (the "Permanent Dealers"), the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis 
by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its 
own behalf to purchasers which are not Permanent Dealers (together with the Permanent Dealers, "Dealers"), 
provided that such sales are upon the terms of the Distribution Agreement. Notes may be resold at prevailing 
market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. 
Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Distribution 
Agreement further provides for Notes to be issued in Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by 
two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Distribution Agreement may be terminated in relation to all of the Dealers or any of them by 
the Issuer or, in relation to itself and the Issuer only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than 10 
business days' notice. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations under the Distribution Agreement prior to payment for a particular Tranche of Notes being made 
to the Issuer, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their 
satisfaction on the relevant issue date. In this situation, the issuance of such Tranche of Notes may not be 
completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or the Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or 
loss suffered in these circumstances.

--- Page 89 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
 
SELLING AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision, 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II.  
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue

--- Page 90 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer, 
and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities law of any U.S. 
state, or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act or are 
sold pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. The Notes are being offered and sold to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. Unless otherwise indicated herein, terms used in this section that are defined in Regulation S 
are used herein as defined therein. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, and the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify 
whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules (each as defined under "Form of the Notes") apply (including any 
relevant selling restrictions) or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes 
(i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part or (iii) in the event of a distribution of a Tranche 
that is fungible therewith, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of such fungible Tranche within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each distributor, 
dealer or other person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration to which it sells any Notes 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of any Tranche of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Italian Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold 
or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in accordance with the exceptions provided under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and any Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Each of the Dealers represents and agrees and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Note or distribute any copies of this 
Base Prospectus and/or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the "Financial Services Act") and Italian CONSOB regulations; or

--- Page 91 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 
of 1 September 1993, as amended from time to time (the "Banking Act") and CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended from time to time; and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended 
from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Canada 
The Notes have not been and will not be qualified for sale under the securities laws of any province or territory 
of Canada. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or distributed, and that it will not offer, sell 
or distribute any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Canada, 
other than in compliance with the applicable securities laws thereof. Each Dealer has also represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not and will not distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus or any other offering material in connection with 
any offering of Notes in Canada other than in compliance with the applicable securities laws. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest 
in the Notes. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes may not be publicly 
offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") 
and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before 
an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section

--- Page 92 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
 
309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the relevant Dealers, including 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
Other than in Ireland, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any 
of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission which is, to the best of 
its knowledge and belief required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and it will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, comply with all such laws and regulations. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 93 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes (with maturities not exceeding 30 years) have been 
duly authorised by the resolutions of the board of directors of the Issuer dated 20 October 2021. The board of 
directors of the Issuer authorised the update of the Programme and any Notes issued thereunder on 11 
November 2024. 
Listing of Notes on Euronext Dublin 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank, as competent authority 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of 
the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such 
approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme during 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading 
on its regulated market.  
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin or any 
other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
may agree. 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin 
or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the Articles of Association 
of 
the 
Issuer 
will 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
on 
FCE's 
website 
at 
https://www.fcebank.com/pdf/investor_center/2018_Articles_of_Association.pdf.  
 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, a copy of the Memorandum of 
Association of the Issuer will be available for inspection at https://find-and-update.company-
information.service.gov.uk/company/00772784/filing-history?page=6 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of this Base Prospectus, any 
future offering circulars, prospectuses and supplements, including each set of Final Terms for Notes which 
are listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin or any other stock exchange within the European Economic 
Area or the London Stock Exchange's main market, and any other documents incorporated herein or therein 
by reference will, when published, be available on the website of the Euronext Dublin at 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream. The International Securities 
Identification Number (the "ISIN") and Common Code for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium 
and the address of Clearstream is Clearstream Banking, 42, Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.  
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 94 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
 
Significant or Material Change 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled "Review of Business and Operations – Recent Developments", there 
has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or its subsidiaries since 
30 June 2024 (being the date of the latest published financial statement of the Issuer) and, save as disclosed 
in the section entitled "Review of Business and Operations – Recent Developments", no material adverse 
change in the prospects of the Issuer or its subsidiaries since 31 December 2023 (being the date of the latest 
published consolidated audited annual financial statements of the Issuer).  
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in the section entitled "Risk Factors – Litigation, governmental investigations or adverse 
publicity", neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in 
the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, 
nor is the Issuer aware that any such proceedings are pending or threatened. 
Selected Financial Information 
The selected financial information relating to the Issuer and its subsidiaries contained in this Base Prospectus 
does not constitute statutory accounts within the meaning of Section 434 of the Companies Act 2006 (the 
"Act"). Audited consolidated accounts for each of the two years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2023, on which the auditors have given unqualified reports under Section 495 of the Act and which did not 
contain a statement under Section 498(2) or (3) of the Act, have been delivered to the Registrar of Companies 
in the UK. 
Independent Auditors 
BDO LLP, a member firm of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales has audited, and 
rendered unqualified audit reports on, the consolidated accounts of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or 
make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor 
clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer 
or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term "affiliates" also includes parent 
companies.

--- Page 95 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
 
FORM OF APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms 
but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS -The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, 
as amended ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"), For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer ['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients arc appropriate. Any [person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")]/[distributor] should take into 
consideration the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer ['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the "SFA") and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 
2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of 
the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded] /

--- Page 96 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
 
[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.]1 
 
Final Terms dated [      ] 
FCE Bank plc 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): TU5V87TL5Q0UV1EW4H93 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS2 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions of the Notes (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 4 December 2024 [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] 
dated [        ]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all relevant information.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions of the Notes (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]], 
which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 4 December 2024 (the "Base Prospectus"). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus [and the Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [        ]], which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all the relevant information, 
save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the base prospectus dated [original date] [and the 
supplement(s) to it dated [●]].] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms) 
1. [(i)] Series Number: 
[      ] 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[      ] 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [[insert currency][insert amount][insert rate] 
Notes due [insert date]] on [insert date/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the temporary Global Note for interests in 
the permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 23 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [insert date]]] 
2. Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[      ] 
3. Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[      ] 
[(i)] Series: 
[      ] 
 
1 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.  
2  
References to EU Prospectus Regulation to be deleted in the event of an unlisted issue.

--- Page 97 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
 
[(ii) Tranche: 
[      ]] 
4. Issue Price: 
[      ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. (i)    Specified Denominations: 
[[        ]/[€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000. No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above €199,000.]] 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[      ] 
6. (i)    Issue Date: 
[      ] 
(ii)    Trade Date: 
[      ] 
(iii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[      ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable: the Notes will not bear 
interest] 
7. Maturity Date: 
[      ] 
8. Interest Basis: 
[[      ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[SONIA/EURIBOR] +/– [      ] per cent. Floating Rate]        
[Zero Coupon] 
9. Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [[100] / [specify fixed amount in excess of 100 only 
where dealing with Zero Coupon Notes]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
10. Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-whole Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
[Investor Put]  
[Not Applicable] 
(see paragraph[s] [15][16][17][18] and [19] below) 
11. [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[      ]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST 
(IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
12. Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Interest Rate[(s)]: 
[      ] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[      ] in each year 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[      ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [        ]

--- Page 98 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]  
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) [Determination Dates: 
[[      ] in each year/Not Applicable] 
13. Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Interest Period(s): 
[      ] 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[      ] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below] 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[      ] 
(iv) Interest Period Date: 
[      ] 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[      ] 
(vii) Manner in which the Interest Rate(s) 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[      ] 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– Reference Rate: 
[      ] month 
[SONIA/EURIBOR] 
Relevant Financial Centre: [      ] 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[      ]3 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[      ] 
– Calculation Method: 
[Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily/Index 
Determination] 
– Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
3  
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, without the prior 
agreement of the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 99 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
 
– Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
– Observation Look-back Period: 
[ ]/Not Applicable4 
– D: 
[365/360/[ ]] 
– Relevant Decimal Place: 
[five/seven/[ ]] 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[      ] 
– Designated Maturity: 
[      ] 
– Reset Date: 
[      ] 
(xi) Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate for the 
long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short 
or long interest period)] 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-][      ] per cent. per annum [Not Applicable] 
(xiii)Minimum Interest Rate: 
[      ] per cent. per annum [Not Applicable] 
(xiv)Maximum Interest Rate: 
[      ] per cent. per annum [Not Applicable] 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
14. Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Amortisation Yield: 
[      ] per cent. per annum 
(ii)  Reference Price: 
[      ] 
(iii)  Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Optional Redemption Amounts: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
PROVISIONS 
RELATING 
TO 
REDEMPTION 
 
15. Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
4  
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest 
Determination Date. "Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the 
Observation Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable".

--- Page 100 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[      ] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions):5 
[Minimum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable]  
16. Make-whole Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) Reference Bond: 
(ii) Make-whole Margin: 
(iii) Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions):6  
(iv) Parties to be notified (if other than the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Make-
whole Calculation Agent): 
[   ] 
[   ] 
[Minimum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable]  
 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
(v) Make-whole Calculation Agent (if 
not the Calculation Agent): 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
17. Issuer Maturity Par Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) Par Call Date: 
 
(ii) Notice periods (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions):7  
[Minimum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable]  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
18. Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Clean-Up Percentage (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
Notice periods (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions):8 
[     ] per cent./[Not Applicable] 
 
[Minimum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable]  
[Maximum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
19. Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[      ] 
 
5  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Principal Paying Agent. 
6  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Principal Paying Agent. 
7  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Principal Paying Agent. 
8  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 101 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions):9 
[Minimum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable]  
20. Final Redemption Amount: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
21. Early Redemption Amount: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
22. Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default or other early redemption): 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE 
TO THE NOTES 
 
23. Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes on 
60 days' notice upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on 60 days' notice] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on 60 days' notice upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event] 
24. New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
25. Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[      ]] 
26. Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
27. Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 13 (Further 
Issues) apply] 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin of the Notes described herein pursuant to the €6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of FCE Bank plc as Issuer. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [ ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [ ], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 
9  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 102 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 103 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
 Listing: 
[Irish 
Stock 
Exchange 
plc 
trading 
as 
Euronext 
Dublin/(specify)/None] 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application 
[has 
been]/[will 
be] 
made 
[to 
Euronext 
Dublin/(specify)] for the Notes to be admitted [to the Official List/ 
(specify) and trading on [its regulated market/ (specify)] on [   ] 
with effect from [  ].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[  ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable – the Notes have not been rated.] 
[[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated:] / 
[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this 
type issued under the Programme generally:] 
[S&P: [ ] [meaning of rating]] 
[Moody's: [ ] [meaning of rating]] 
[Fitch: [ ] [meaning of rating]]] 
 
[[[EU established/EU-registered CRA] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009/EC, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), and is 
included in the list of registered and certified credit ratings 
agencies published on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. The ESMA's website and its content do not form part 
of the Base Prospectus or of these Final Terms.] 
[[Non-EU established/EU-certified CRA] is not established in the 
European Union but has been certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation and is included in the list of registered and certified 
credit rating agencies published on the web site of the ESMA. 
The ESMA's website and its content do not form part of the Base 
Prospectus or these Final Terms.] 
[[Non-EU established CRA/non-EU certified CRA] is not 
established in the European Union and is not registered or 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
In general, and subject to certain exceptions, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a credit rating for regulatory 
purposes if such credit rating is not issued by a credit rating

--- Page 104 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
 
agency established in the European Union and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation. 
Subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set out in Article 4(3) 
of the EU CRA Regulation, a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation (an "EU CRA") may endorse (for regulatory 
purposes in the European Union) credit ratings issued outside the 
European Union where (i) the credit rating activities resulting in 
the issuing of the credit rating are undertaken in whole or in part 
by a credit rating agency or credit rating agencies belonging to 
the same group (a "non-EU CRA"); and (ii) the EU CRA has 
verified and is able to demonstrate on an on-going basis to ESMA 
that the conduct of the credit rating activities by the non-EU CRA 
resulting in the issuing of the credit rating to be endorsed fulfils 
requirements which are "at least as stringent as" the requirements 
of the EU CRA Regulation. 
[On [date of decision], ESMA announced that it considers the 
regulatory framework for credit rating agencies established in 
[country of non-EU established CRA/non-EU certified CRA] to 
be "as stringent as" the requirements of the EU CRA Regulation. 
[EU-established/EU-registered 
affiliate 
of 
non-EU 
established/non-EU certified CRA] currently endorses credit 
ratings issued by [non-EU established/non-EU certified CRA] for 
regulatory purposes in the European Union. [EU-established/EU-
registered affiliate of non-EU established/non-EU certified CRA] 
has been registered under the EU CRA Regulation and appears 
on the list of registered credit rating agencies on ESMA's website. 
The ESMA's website and its content do not form part of the Base 
Prospectus or of these Final Terms. There can be no assurance 
that 
[EU-established/EU-registered 
affiliate 
of 
non-EU 
established/non-EU certified CRA] will continue to endorse 
credit ratings issued by [non-EU established/non-EU certified 
CRA].]] 
In addition, subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set out in 
Article 5 and elsewhere in the EU CRA Regulation, credit ratings 
that are related to entities established or financial instruments 
issued in countries outside the European Union and that are issued 
by a credit rating agency established in a country outside the 
European Union may only be used for regulatory purposes within 
the European Union without being endorsed under Article 4(3) of 
the EU CRA Regulation if (amongst other requirements) the 
European Commission has adopted an equivalence decision in 
accordance with Article 5(6) of the EU CRA Regulation, 
recognising the legal and supervisory framework of the relevant 
country as equivalent to the requirements of the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
[On [date of decision], the European Commission passed 
Implementing Decision [decision number] which provided that 
the legal and supervisory framework for credit rating agencies in 
[country in which non-EU established / EU certified CRA is 
established] shall be considered equivalent to the requirements of 
the EU CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 105 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure should be amended to reflect (i) the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating; and/or (ii) the credit rating agency issuing the credit 
rating, in each case in accordance with the applicable 
requirements of the EU CRA Regulation.) 
[[[UK established/UK registered CRA] is established in the 
[United Kingdom] and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009/EC as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended and as 
amended by the Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU 
Exit) Regulations 2019 (the "UK CRA Regulation"), and is 
included in the list of registered and certified credit ratings 
agencies published on the website of the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority ("Financial Conduct Authority") in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation. The Financial Conduct Authority's 
website and its content do not form part of the Base Prospectus or 
of these Final Terms.] 
[[Non-UK established /UK certified CRA] is not established in the 
United Kingdom but has been certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation and is included in the list of registered and certified 
credit rating agencies published on the website of the Financial 
Conduct Authority. The Financial Conduct Authority's website 
and its content do not form part of the Base Prospectus or these 
Final Terms.] 
[[Non-UK established CRA/non-UK certified CRA] is not 
established in the UK and is not registered or certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
In general, and subject to certain exceptions, United Kingdom 
regulated investors are restricted from using a credit rating for 
regulatory purposes if such credit rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set out in Article 4(3) of 
the UK CRA Regulation, a credit rating agency established in the 
United Kingdom and registered in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation (a "UK CRA") may endorse (for regulatory purposes 
in the United Kingdom) credit ratings issued outside the United 
Kingdom where (i) the credit rating activities resulting in the 
issuing of the credit rating are undertaken in whole or in part by a 
credit rating agency or credit rating agencies belonging to the same 
group (a "non-UK CRA"); and (ii) the UK CRA has verified and 
is able to demonstrate on an ongoing basis to the Financial 
Conduct Authority that the conduct of the credit rating activities 
by the non-UK CRA resulting in the issuing of the credit rating to 
be endorsed fulfils requirements which are "at least as stringent 
as" the requirements of the UK CRA Regulation. 
[On [date of decision], the Financial Conduct Authority announced 
that it considers the regulatory framework for credit rating agencies

--- Page 106 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
 
established in [country of non-UK established CRA/non-EU 
certified CRA] to be "as stringent as" the requirements of the UK 
CRA Regulation. [UK-established/UK-registered affiliate of non-
UK established/non-UK certified CRA] currently endorses credit 
ratings issued by [non-UK established /non-UK certified CRA] for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom. [UK-established/UK-
registered affiliate of non-UK established/ non-UK certified CRA] 
has been registered under the UK CRA Regulation and appears on 
the list of registered credit rating agencies on the Financial Conduct 
Authority's website. The Financial Conduct Authority's website 
and its content do not form part of the Base Prospectus or of these 
Final Terms. There can be no assurance that [UK-established/ UK-
registered affiliate of non-UK established/non-UK certified CRA] 
will continue to endorse credit ratings issued by [non-UK 
established/non-UK certified CRA].]] 
 
In addition, subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set out in 
Article 5 and elsewhere in the UK CRA Regulation, credit 
ratings that are related to entities established or financial 
instruments issued in countries outside the United Kingdom and 
that are issued by a credit rating agency established in a country 
outside the United Kingdom may only be used for regulatory 
purposes within the United Kingdom without being endorsed 
under Article 4(3) of the UK CRA Regulation if (amongst other 
requirements) HM Treasury has made regulations in accordance 
with Article 5(6) of the UK CRA Regulation, recognising the 
legal and supervisory framework of the relevant country as 
equivalent to the requirements of the UK CRA Regulation. 
[On [date of regulations coming into effect], [insert name of 
regulations], which provide that the legal and supervisory 
framework for credit rating agencies in [country in which non-UK 
established / UK certified CRA is established] shall be considered 
equivalent to the requirements of the UK CRA Regulation, came 
into effect.] 
(The above disclosure should be amended to reflect (i) the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating; and/or (ii) the credit rating agency issuing the credit 
rating, in each case in accordance with the applicable 
requirements of the UK CRA Regulation.) 
3. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Reasons for the offer: 
[   ] 
[See ["Use of Proceeds"] in [Base] Prospectus/Give details] (See 
["Use of Proceeds"] wording in [Base] Prospectus – if reasons 
for offer different from what is disclosed in the [Base] Prospectus, 
give details here.) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ] 
4. 
NOTIFICATION 
[The [name of competent authority in home Member State of the EU] [has been requested to provide/has 
provided – include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or

--- Page 107 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
 
update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [names of competent 
authorities of host Member States of the EU] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
5. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the 
issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement: 
"Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending and in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business". [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
6. 
YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[      ][Not Applicable][Fixed Rate Notes only] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[      ] 
Common Code: 
[      ] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[Name and address of other clearing 
system]] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[      ]] 
Description of any market disruption or 
settlement disruption events that affect 
[EURIBOR][SONIA]: 
[Not Applicable][Please see Condition 4(b) (Interest Rate 
on Floating Rate Notes)][Floating Rate Notes only] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
 
[Yes][No] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 108 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
(A)  Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[      ]] 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[      ]] 
(iii) If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[      ]] 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1][2]; TEFRA C/ TEFRA 
D/ [TEFRA not applicable]10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10  
"TEFRA not applicable" does not apply to Notes with a maturity of more than 365 days, taking into account any unilateral right 
to extend or rollover.

--- Page 109 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
 REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Arterial Road 
Laindon 
Essex SS15 6EE 
United Kingdom 
Telephone: +44 1277 692720 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Calle Sauceda 28, Edificio Asia 
Madrid 28050  
Spain 
Banco Bradesco BBI S.A  
 Av. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 1309, 10th 
Floor 
 São PauloSP 04543-011 
Brazil 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander  
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank PLC  
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
BNP PARIBAS  
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom  
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court  
25 Shoe Lane  
London EC4A 4AU  
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom  
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7JE 
United Kingdom 
ING Bank N.V.  
Foppingadreef 71102 BD 
Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc  
25 Bank Street  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5JP  
United Kingdom 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
10 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7AE 
United Kingdom  
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square

--- Page 110 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
Mizuho International plc 
30 Old Bailey 
London EC4M 7AU 
United Kingdom 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom   
RBC Europe Limited  
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
SMBC Bank International plc 
100 Liverpool Street 
London EC2M 2AT 
United Kingdom 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany  
Wells Fargo Securities International Limited 
33 King William Street 
London EC4R 9AT 
United Kingdom 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING 
AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
McCann FitzGerald Listing Services Limited  
Riverside One 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2, Ireland 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
BDO LLP 
55 Baker Street 
London W1U 7EU 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Atlantic House, Holborn Viaduct 
London EC1A 2FG 
United Kingdom 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
4131-6657-9018v17