--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
Base Prospectus 
Cars Alliance DFP Germany 2017 
a French securitisation mutual fund (fonds commun de titrisation) 
(Articles L. 214-167 to L. 214-190 and R. 214-217 to D. 214-240 of the French monetary and financial code) 
EUR 1,000,000,000 Asset-Backed Floating Rate Notes Issuance Programme 
Paris Titrisation 
Management Company 
Cars Alliance DFP Germany 2017 (the FCT) is a French fonds commun de titrisation (securitisation mutual fund) initially established jointly by Paris Titrisation 
(the Management Company) and Société Générale, acting through its Securities Services department (the Custodian) on 25 July 2017. The FCT is governed by the provisions 
of Articles L. 214-167 to L. 214-190 and R. 214-217 to D. 214-240 of the French monetary and financial code (code monétaire et financier) (the Code) and the FCT’s regulations 
dated 21 July 2017 and initially entered into by the Management Company and the Custodian (the FCT Regulations). 
The purpose of the FCT is (a) to be exposed to risks by acquiring from time to time from RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland (the Seller) receivables arising in connection 
with the purchase and financing by various designated German retail motor vehicle dealers of their new and used branded vehicles and spare parts and which satisfy certain 
eligibility criteria and (b) to fund such risks by issuing notes (titres de créances) (including the Class A Notes (as defined below)) and units (including the Residual Units (as 
defined below)) and by borrowing funds pursuant to the Class B Loan Agreement. In accordance with Article R. 214-217 2° of the Code and pursuant to the terms of the FCT 
Regulations, the funding strategy (stratégie de financement) of the FCT is to issue Notes and Residual Units and to borrow funds pursuant to the Class B Loan Agreement. 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and terms and conditions of the FCT Regulations, the FCT (a) may from time to time on any Issue Date issue senior 
asset-backed floating rate notes (the Class A Notes) the terms and conditions of which are set out in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Class A Programme 
Notes" and (b) will borrow funds under the Class B Loan Agreement. On the Closing Date, the FCT has issued a first Series of Class A Notes, the Class A2017-1 Notes, and has 
also issued residual units (the Residual Units). On the 2022 Closing Date and from time to time on any Issue Date, the FCT may issue Class A Programme Notes. All Class A 
Notes issued on any given Issue Date shall constitute a series (a Series) of such Class A of Notes. With respect to the issue of any Series of Class A Programme Notes, the 
financial terms relating thereto will be specified in the related final terms (the Final Terms) which should be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. A form of Final 
Terms is set out in the Section entitled "Form of Final Terms" on page 161 of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as the competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the FCT or the 
quality of the Class A Programme Notes. By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation 
or the quality or solvency of the FCT in accordance with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 
2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières – the Luxembourg Law). The CSSF has not reviewed any information in relation to Residual Units or any Class B Loan 
and no approval of this Base Prospectus has been granted for the Residual Units or any Class B Loan. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Class A Programme Notes. Any Class A Notes issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus have been listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (the Official List) and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market upon their issuance. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market (the Regulated Market) is a regulated market for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast). 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus within the meaning of Article 8.1 of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made to list the Class A Programme 
Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Class A Programme Notes to trading on the Regulated Market.  
This Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). References in this Base Prospectus to Class A 
Programme Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Class A Programme Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 
2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast). 
Interest on the Class A Programme Notes is payable by reference to successive Interest Periods (as defined herein). Interest on the Class A Programme Notes will be payable 
monthly in arrears in euro on the 17th of each calendar month, provided that, if any such day is not a Business Day (as defined herein), the next following Business Day or, if 
that Business Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Business Day (each such day being a Payment Date). 
During the Revolving Period, the Class A Programme Notes of a given Series of Class A Programme Notes will be redeemed on their expected Maturity Date, unless partly or 
fully repaid ealerier upon the exercise of the Partial Amortisation Option by the Seller with respect to such Series of Class A Programme Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date of approval until 28 July 2023. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The Class A Programme Notes will be subject to mandatory pro rata redemption in whole or in part from time to time on each Payment Date during the Normal Amortisation 
Period and/or the Early Amortisation Period. The aggregate amount to be applied in mandatory pro rata redemption in whole or in part of the Class A Programme Notes will 
be calculated in accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 5 (Redemption) of the Class A Notes Conditions. Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled 
before such date, the Class A Programme Notes will be redeemed at their principal amount, plus any accrued interest thereon, on the Legal Final Maturity Date. 
If any withholding tax or any deduction for or on account of tax is applicable to the Class A Programme Notes, payments of principal and of interest on the Class A Programme 
Notes will be made subject to any such withholding or deduction, without the FCT being obliged to pay additional amounts as a consequence of such withholding or deduction. 
The Class A Programme Notes will be privately placed with qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account within the meaning of Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and with non-French resident investors. The securities issued by French fonds communs de titrisation (securitisation mutual funds) may not be sold by 
way of unsolicited calls (démarchage), except with regard to the qualified investors set out in Article L. 411-2 of the Code. The Class A Programme Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any securities laws or ‘bleu sky” laws of any states or other jurisdiction of the 
United States, and the Class A Programme Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act (Regulation S)) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and any applicable state or local securities law. For more details and a more complete description of restrictions of offers and sales, see the section entitled 
"Subscription and Sale". 
The FCT has issued the Residual Units on the Closing Date. The FCT will not issue further Residual Units after the Closing Date. The Residual Units are not the subject of the 
offering made in accordance with this Base Prospectus, therefore any information related to the Residual Units is not subject to the approval of the Luxembourg Commission 
de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF). On the Closing Date the FCT has also borrowed an amount of funds equal to the initial Class B Loan. The Class B Loan 
Agreement is a revolving facility and the FCT will be entitled to utilise an additional Class B Loan on each Payment Date after the Closing Date, in accordance with and subject 
to the provision of the FCT Regulations and the Class B Loan Agreement. 
The Class A Notes and the Class B Loan represent interests in the same pool of Purchased Receivables (as defined herein) but the Class A Notes rank pari passu and rateably 
as to each other and in priority to the then outstanding Class B Loan in the event of any shortfall in funds available to pay principal or interest on the Class A Notes. No 
assurance is given as to the amount (if any) of interest or principal on the Class A Notes which may actually be paid on any given Payment Date. Each Class A Note will rank 
pari passu without any preference or priority with the other Class A Notes, all as more particularly described in Condition 3 (Status of the Class A Notes) of the Class A Notes 
Conditions. 
It is a condition to the issue of the Class A Programme Notes that the Class A Programme Notes will, when issued, be assigned a rating no lower than A (sf) by DBRS Ratings 
GmbH (DBRS) and a rating no lower than A2 (sf) by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. (Moody’s and together with DBRS, the Rating Agencies and each a Rating 
Agency). DBRS and Moody's are established in the European Union and are registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) pursuant to Regulation 513/2011/EU of the European Parliament and the Council of 11 May 2011 and to Regulation 
(EU) 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2013 (the CRA Regulation). As such DBRS and Moody's are included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus in accordance with the CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. Please also refer to the section entitled "Risk Factors - Rating Agencies" for further details.  
The Class A Programme Notes will be issued in the denomination of € 100,000 each and will at all times be represented in bearer (au porteur) dematerialised form (forme 
dématérialisée), in compliance with Article L. 211-3 of the Code. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Class A Programme Notes. The delivery (and 
any subsequent transfer) of the Class A Programme Notes is made in book-entry form (inscription en compte) through the facilities of the CSDs (as defined below). The Class 
A Programme Notes will, upon issue, be registered in the books of Clearstream Banking, Société Anonyme (Clearstream Luxembourg) and Euroclear France S.A. as central 
depository and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. as operator of the Euroclear system (Euroclear and together with Clearstream Luxembourg, the Central Securities Depositaries (the 
CSDs)). 
Attention is drawn to the sections herein entitled "Risk Factors" which contains a discussion of certain considerations which should be considered by prospective 
holders of the Class A Programme Notes in connection with an investment in the Class A Programme Notes and "Subscription and Sale". 
 
Arranged by 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 28 July 2022

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Management Company, in its capacity as founder and legal representative of the FCT, accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by 
reference herein (other than the information for which any other entity accepts responsibility below). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the responsibility of the Management Company with respect to the information 
for which any other entity accepts responsibility below is limited to the reproduction of such information as 
provided by the entity responsible for such information. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the 
Management Company (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import 
of such information. The Management Company accepts responsibility accordingly. 
The Management Company also confirms that, so far as it is aware, all information in this Base Prospectus 
that has been sourced from a third party has been accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and has 
been able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Where third party information is 
reproduced in this Base Prospectus, the sources are stated. 
The Management Company was not mandated as arranger of the transaction contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus and did not appoint the Arranger in respect of the transaction contemplated in this Base Prospectus. 
The Seller accepts responsibility for the information under the sections entitled "Risk Retention Requirements", 
"Cash Management", "General Description of the FCT" (other than the information in that section relating to 
the Management Company and the Custodian), "Description of RCI Banque", "The Receivables", "Statistical 
Information" and "Purchase and Servicing of the Receivables" in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge and belief of the Seller (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the 
information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. The Seller accepts responsibility accordingly. The Seller accepts no responsibility for any other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and has not separately verified any such other information. 
Each of the FCT Account Bank and the FCT Cash Manager accepts responsibility for the information under 
the sections entitled "General Description of the FCT – The FCT Account Bank and FCT Cash Manager" and 
"Operations of the FCT – Investment of the FCT available cash" in this Base Prospectus.  
Each of the Management Company, the Custodian, the Servicer, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash 
Manager, the Data Protection Trustee, the Listing Agent and the Paying Agent accepts responsibility for the 
information regarding itself under the section entitled "General Description of the FCT – Relevant Parties". 
To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Management Company, the Custodian, the Servicer, the FCT 
Account Bank, the FCT Cash Manager, the Data Protection Trustee, the Listing Agent and the Paying Agent 
(having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), such information is in accordance with the 
facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. Unless otherwise provided 
none of the Management Company, the Custodian, the Servicer, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash 
Manager, the Data Protection Trustee, the Listing Agent and the Paying Agent accepts responsibility for any 
other information contained in this Base Prospectus and has not separately verified any such other information. 
No Person has been authorised to give any information or make any representation in connection with the 
offering of the Class A Programme Notes save as contained in this Base Prospectus and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by, or on behalf of, the FCT, 
the Management Company, the Custodian, the Arranger, the Seller, the Servicer, the FCT Account Bank, the 
FCT Cash Manager, the Paying Agent, the Data Protection Trustee, the Listing Agent or any of their respective 
affiliates or advisers. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection with the offering of any of the 
Series (as defined herein) of Class A Programme Notes shall, under any circumstances, constitute a

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
representative or create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of any of the FCT, the 
Management Company, the Custodian, the Servicer, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash Manager, the Data 
Protection Trustee, the Listing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Arranger or the information contained herein 
since the date of this Base Prospectus or that the information contained herein is correct as at any time 
subsequent to the date of this Base Prospectus or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably 
likely to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the FCT since the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the FCT, the 
Management Company, the Custodian, the Servicer, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash Manager, the Data 
Protection Trustee, the Listing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Arranger to subscribe for or purchase, any of 
the Series (as defined herein) of Class A Programme Notes and may not be used for or in connection with any 
offer to, or solicitation by, anyone in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation 
is not authorised or is unlawful. No action is being taken to permit an offering of the Class A Programme Notes 
or the distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. This Base 
Prospectus may only be used for the purpose of the issue and offering of the Class A Programme Notes and 
may not be used for any other purpose. 
The Class A Programme Notes have not and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Class A 
Programme Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, US Persons (as defined in Regulation S), except pursuant to an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act or applicable state or local 
securities laws. The Class A Programme Notes are being offered and sold only outside of the United States to 
non-US persons in reliance upon an exemption from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to 
Regulation S. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Base Prospectus has not been approved by, or registered or filed with, the 
French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The Class A Programme Notes may not be offered or sold to the 
public in France and neither this Base Prospectus, nor any other offering material or information contained 
therein, may be released, issued or distributed to the public in France, or used in connection with any offer for 
subscription or sale of Class A Programme Notes to the public in France. Persons into whose possession 
offering material comes must inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. This Base Prospectus 
does not constitute, and may not be used for or in connection with, an offer to any Person to whom it is unlawful 
to make such an offer or a solicitation by anyone not authorised so to act. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for purposes for which it has been published. 
THE CLASS A PROGRAMME NOTES AND ANY CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE FCT ARE 
OBLIGATIONS OF THE FCT SOLELY AND WILL BE DIRECT AND LIMITED RECOURSE 
OBLIGATIONS OF THE FCT PAYABLE SOLELY OUT OF THE ASSETS OF THE FCT TO THE 
EXTENT DESCRIBED HEREIN. NEITHER THE CLASS A PROGRAMME NOTES, ANY 
CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION OF THE FCT NOR THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES WILL BE 
GUARANTEED BY THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY, THE CUSTODIAN, THE SERVICER, THE FCT 
ACCOUNT BANK, THE FCT CASH MANAGER, THE DATA PROTECTION TRUSTEE, THE LISTING 
AGENT, THE PAYING AGENT AND THE ARRANGER NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE 
AFFILIATES OR ADVISERS. SUBJECT TO THE POWERS OF THE CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS 
REPRESENTATIVE AND THE POWERS OF THE CLASS A NOTEHOLDERS GENERAL MEETING, 
ONLY THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY MAY ENFORCE THE RIGHTS OF THE CLASS A 
NOTEHOLDERS AGAINST THIRD PARTIES.  
NONE OF THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY, THE CUSTODIAN, THE SERVICER, THE FCT 
ACCOUNT BANK, THE FCT CASH MANAGER, THE DATA PROTECTION TRUSTEE, THE LISTING 
AGENT, THE PAYING AGENT, THE ARRANGER NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES 
OR ADVISERS SHALL BE LIABLE IF THE FCT IS UNABLE TO PAY ANY AMOUNT DUE UNDER 
THE CLASS A PROGRAMME NOTES. THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY,

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
THE CUSTODIAN, THE SERVICER, THE FCT ACCOUNT BANK, THE FCT CASH MANAGER, THE 
DATA PROTECTION TRUSTEE, THE LISTING AGENT, THE PAYING AGENT, THE ARRANGER OR 
ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR ADVISERS IN RESPECT OF THE CLASS A 
PROGRAMME NOTES SHALL BE LIMITED TO COMMITMENTS ARISING FROM THE 
TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS (AS DEFINED HEREIN) RELATING TO THE FCT, WITHOUT 
PREJUDICE TO ANY APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. 
Selling Restrictions 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the FCT, the 
Management Company, the Custodian, the Seller, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash Manager, the Data 
Protection Trustee, the Listing Agent, the Paying Agent, the Arranger or any of their respective affiliates or 
advisers to subscribe for or purchase, any of the Series of Class A Programme Notes as may be issued by the 
FCT from time to time. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Class A Programme Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the Insurance Mediation 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Class A Programme Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Class A Programme Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
Other than the approval of this Base Prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier in 
Luxembourg (the CSSF), no action has been taken under any regulatory or other requirements of any 
jurisdiction or will be so taken to permit an offer to the public of the Class A Programme Notes or the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering of the Class A Programme Notes in certain jurisdictions, 
including, without limitation, France, the United States of America and the United Kingdom, may be restricted 
by law. Persons coming into possession of this Base Prospectus (or any part thereof) are required to inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. For a further description of certain restrictions on 
offerings and sales of the Class A Programme Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see the section 
entitled "Subscription and Sale" on page 164.  
Class A Notes Programme issued by the FCT may not be sold by way of unsolicited calls (démarchage), except 
with regard to the qualified investors set out in Article L. 411-2 of the Code.  
Each investor contemplating the purchase of any Class A Programme Notes should conduct an independent 
investigation of the financial condition, and an appraisal of the capacity of payments, of the FCT, the risks 
associated with the Class A Programme Notes and of the legal, tax, accounting and capital adequacy 
consequences of an investment in the Class A Programme Notes. 
Except in the case of the private placement of the Class A Programme Notes with (a) qualified investors as 
defined by Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation and (b) investors resident outside France, and except for an 
application for listing of the Class A Programme Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admission to trading to the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, no action has been or 
will be taken by the Management Company, the Custodian and the Arranger that would, or would be intended 
to, permit an offer to the public of the Class A Programme Notes in any country or any jurisdiction.  
Accordingly, the Class A Programme Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any part of it nor any other document, prospectus, form of application, advertisement,

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
other offering material or other information may be issued, distributed or published in connection with the 
Class A Programme Notes, in or from any country or jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with all applicable laws, orders, rules and regulations. 
The Class A Programme Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities laws or “blue sky” laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Class A Programme Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, within 
the United States or to any U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except pursuant to an expemption from, 
or in a transaction  not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state 
or local securities laws (see the section entitled "Subscription and Sale" on page 164). 
The Class A Programme Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the SEC), any state securities commission in the United States or any other United 
States regulatory authority, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of 
this Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. 
Financial Conditions of the FCT 
This Base Prospectus should not be construed as a recommendation, invitation or offer by the FCT, the 
Management Company, the Custodian, the Servicer, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash Manager, the Data 
Protection Trustee, the Listing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Arranger for any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus, or any other information supplied in connection with the issue of the Class A Programme Notes, 
to purchase any such Class A Programme Notes. In making an investment decision regarding the Class A 
Programme Notes, prospective investors must rely on their own independent investigation and appraisal of the 
FCT and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. The contents of this Base Prospectus 
are not to be construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each prospective investor should consult its own 
advisers as to legal, tax, financial, credit and related aspects of an investment in the Class A Programme Notes. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Management Company, the Custodian, the Servicer, the FCT Account Bank, the 
FCT Cash Manager, the Data Protection Trustee, the Listing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Arranger as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided in connection with the Class A Programme Notes or their distribution. Each investor contemplating 
the purchase of any Class A Programme Notes should conduct an independent investigation of the financial 
condition, and appraisal of the ability of the Class A Programme Notes to pay its debts, the risks and rewards 
associated with the Class A Programme Notes and of the tax, accounting and legal consequences of investing 
in the Class A Programme Notes. 
The information set forth herein, to the extent that it comprises a description of certain provisions of the 
Transaction Documents, is a summary and is not intended as a full statement of the provisions of such 
Transaction Documents. 
Interest amounts payable on the Rated Notes will be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, which is provided 
by the European Money Market Institute (EMMI), unless a Benchmark Rate Modification Event has occurred 
resulting in the adoption of an Alternative Benchmark Rate. As at the date of this Prospectus, the EMMI 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
Benchmark Regulation).

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
By subscribing for or purchasing any Class A Programme Note issued by the FCT, each Class A Noteholder 
agrees to be bound by the FCT Regulations. As from (and including) the 2022 Closing Date, all Class A 
Programme Notes will be subscribed by RCI Banque. 
Interpretation 
This Base Prospectus uses capitalised, defined terms, definitions of which can be found in the section entitled 
"Glossary", unless elsewhere defined. This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with 
any supplement that may be published from time to time. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to euro, EUR or € are valid references to the lawful currency of the 
Member States of the European Union that adopt the single euro currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Risk Retention Requirements 
The Seller will retain a material net economic interest of not less than 5% in the securitisation as required by 
Article 6(1) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 
2017 laying down a general framework for securitisation and creating a specific framework for simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisation, and amending Directives 2009/65/EC, 2009/138/EC and 
2011/61/EU and Regulations (EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 648/2012 (the Securitisation Regulation), in 
accordance with Article 6(3)(d) of the Securitisation Regulation (which does not take into account any 
corresponding national measures). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, such interest will comprise an interest in the first loss tranche as required 
by Article 6(1) of the Securitisation Regulation. Any change to the manner in which such interest is held will 
be notified to the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Lender. The Seller has provided a corresponding 
representation and undertaking with respect to the interest to be retained by it to the FCT in the Class A Notes 
Subscription Agreement and the Class B Loan Agreement. 
As to the information made available to prospective investors by the FCT, reference is made to the information 
set out herein and forming part of this Base Prospectus and to any other information provided separately (which 
information shall not form part of this Base Prospectus) and, after the 2022 Closing Date, to the Monthly 
Investor Reports. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the FCT, the Management Company, the Custodian, the 
Seller, the Servicer, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash Manager, the Data Protection Trustee, the Listing 
Agent and the Paying Agent or the Arranger makes any representation as to the accuracy or suitability of any 
financial model which may be used by a prospective investor in connection with its investment decision. 
Each prospective investor is required independently to assess and determine the sufficiency of the information 
described above and in this Base Prospectus generally for the purposes of complying with Article 5 of the 
Securitisation Regulation and any corresponding local implementing rules which may be relevant and none of 
the FCT, the Management Company, the Custodian, the Seller, the Servicer, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT 
Cash Manager, the Data Protection Trustee, the Listing Agent, the Arranger or the Paying Agent makes any 
representation that the information described above or in the Base Prospectus is sufficient in all circumstances 
for such purposes. The Seller accepts responsibility for the information set out in this section entitled "Risk 
Retention Requirements" but not, for the avoidance of doubt, any information set out in any other Section of 
this Base Prospectus referred to in this Section. For further information please also refer to the section entitled 
"Risk Factors– Legal and regulatory risks– Regulatory initiatives may have an adverse impact on the 
regulatory treatment of the Class A Programme Notes and/or decrease liquidity in respect of the Class A 
Programme Notes" on page 36.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
U.S. Risk Retention Requirements 
The issuance of the Notes has not been designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the 
exemption under Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and no other steps have been taken by the Issuer, 
the Management Company, the Custodian, the Seller, the Servicer, the Issuer Account Bank, the Data 
Protection Agent, the Issuer Swap Counterparty, the Issuer Stand-by Swap Counterparty, the Servicer 
Collection Account Bank, the Listing Agent, the Paying Agent or the Arranger or any of their respective 
affiliates or any other party to accomplish such compliance. The Seller, as the sponsor under the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules, does not intend to retain at least 5% of the credit risk of the "securitised assets" for purposes 
of compliance with the final rules promulgated under Section 15G of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (the U.S. Risk Retention Rules), but rather intends to rely on an exemption provided for in Section 
20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules regarding non-U.S. transactions. Consequently, the Rated Notes may not 
be purchased by, or for the account or benefit of, any person except for persons that are not "U.S. persons" as 
defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules (the Risk Retention U.S. Persons). Prospective investors should note 
that the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is different from the definition of "U.S. 
person" in Regulation S (see "Risk Factors – Legal And Regulatory Risks – U.S. Risk Retention Rules"). Each 
purchaser of the Rated Notes or of a beneficial interest therein acquired in the initial syndication of the Rated 
Notes, by its acquisition of the Rated Notes or of a beneficial interest therein, will be deemed to have made 
certain representations and undertakings, including that it (1) is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person, (2) is 
acquiring such Rated Note or a beneficial interest therein for its own account and not with a view to distribute 
such Rated Note and (3) is not acquiring such Rated Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme 
to evade the requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
A supplement of this Base Prospectus (a Supplement) shall be prepared in the event that: (a) any significant 
new fact occurs which may have an impact on the price of the Notes and which occurs after the date of this 
Base Prospectus and prior to the date of admission of such Notes to listing; or (b) any change is made to the 
terms and conditions set out in this Base Prospectus (other than as such terms and conditions may be ordinarily 
completed in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. For further 
details regarding any modification, please refer to "General Description of the FCT– FCT Regulations" on 
page 71 and "General Information" on page 177.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Section 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ............................................................................................................ 11 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 16 
Statutory Auditor of the FCT............................................................................................................................ 52 
Overview of the Transaction ............................................................................................................................ 53 
Simplified Diagram of the Transaction ............................................................................................................ 68 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 69 
General Description of the FCT ....................................................................................................................... 70 
Operations of the FCT ...................................................................................................................................... 83 
General Provisions Applicable to the Notes ..................................................................................................... 96 
Cash Management .......................................................................................................................................... 102 
Terms and Conditions of the Class A Programme Notes ............................................................................... 105 
The Receivables .............................................................................................................................................. 121 
Statistical Information .................................................................................................................................... 128 
Purchase and Servicing of the Receivables .................................................................................................... 133 
The Class B Loan ........................................................................................................................................... 149 
Credit and Liquidity Structure ........................................................................................................................ 153 
Description of RCI Banque ............................................................................................................................ 156 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 159 
Form of Final Terms ....................................................................................................................................... 161 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 164 
Regulatory Requirements ............................................................................................................................... 169 
Third Party Expenses ...................................................................................................................................... 172 
Modifications to the Transaction .................................................................................................................... 175 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction ............................................................................................. 176 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 177 
Documents on Display ................................................................................................................................... 180 
Documents incorporated by reference ............................................................................................................ 181 
Glossary .......................................................................................................................................................... 184

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The FCT: 
Cars Alliance DFP Germany 2017 
Description: 
Class A Programme Notes Issuance Programme 
Programme size: 
At any time, the aggregate Class A20xx-y Notes Outstanding Amounts shall not 
exceed €1,000,000,000. 
Certain 
Restrictions: 
Class A Programme Notes will only be subscribed and sold in circumstances 
which comply with laws, guidelines, restrictions or reporting requirements 
applicable from time to time (see the section entitled "Subscription and Sale" on 
page 164).  
Paying Agent: 
Société Générale, a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of France, 
whose registered office is at 29, boulevard Haussmann, 75009 Paris, France, 
registered with the Trade and Companies Register of Paris under number 
552 120 222, licensed in France as a credit institution (établissement de crédit) 
by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution, acting through its 
Securities Services department acting through its office located at 32 rue du 
Champ de Tir, CS 30812, 44308 Nantes Cedex, France. 
Listing Agent: 
Société Générale Luxembourg, a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of 
the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, whose registered office is at 11, avenue Emile 
Reuter, L 2420 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Legal Status: 
The Class A Programme Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unconditional 
obligations of the FCT and are (i) financial instruments (instruments financiers), 
(ii) financial securities (titres financiers), (iii) debt securities (titres de créances) 
and (iv) obligations (obligations) within the meaning of Articles L. 211-1, L. 211-
2, L.213-1 A and L.213-5 of the Code, respectively. 
Form and 
Denomination: 
In accordance with the provisions of Article L. 211-3 of the Code, the Class A 
Programme Notes will be issued in the denomination of €100,000 and in bearer 
dematerialised form (en forme dématérialisée). No physical document of title will 
be issued in respect of the Class A Programme Notes. The delivery of the Class 
A Programme Notes will be made in book-entry form through the facilities of the 
CSDs as specified in the related Final Terms. 
 
The Class A Programme Notes are freely transferable, subject to certain 
restrictions. 
Status and Ranking: 
The Class A Programme Notes rank pari passu without any preference or priority 
among themselves. 
Use of Proceeds: 
On each Issue Date, the proceeds of the Class A Notes to be issued on such date 
shall be applied by the Management Company, acting for and on behalf of the 
FCT, to pay to the Seller the Purchase Price for the portfolio of Eligible 
Receivables to be purchased by the FCT on such Issue Date in accordance with, 
and subject to, the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and/or 
to reimburse the Series of Class A Notes previously issued by the FCT with an 
Expected Maturity Date falling on such Issue Date (or before such Expected 
Maturity Date upon the occurrence of an Optional Partial Amortisation Event)

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
(see the section entitled "Use of Proceeds" on page 69). 
Rate of Interest: 
The rate of interest in respect of the Class A20xx-y Notes (the Class A20xx-y Notes 
Interest Rate) shall be determined by the Management Company on each Interest 
Determination Date in respect of each Interest Period in accordance with the 
Conditions as the aggregate of the Applicable Reference Rate plus the Relevant 
Margin. The rate of interest payable on any Class A20xx-y Notes shall never be less 
than zero. 
The Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Rate is the aggregate of (i) the Applicable 
Reference Rate plus (ii) the Relevant Margin specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Interest Payment 
Dates: 
Interest on the Class A Programme Notes will be payable monthly in arrears in 
euro on each Payment Date, subject to the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Day Count Fraction: 
The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
the Class A Programme Notes for any Interest Period will be computed and paid 
on the basis of the actual number of days in the relevant Interest Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365). 
Priority of 
Payments: 
All payments of interest and principal payable on the Class A Notes will be made 
subject to the limited recourse provisions applicable to the FCT (as to which see 
paragraph "Limited Recourse" below) and to the extent of available funds for 
making any such payment at the relevant date of payment, in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments (see the section entitled "Operations of the FCT 
– Priorities of Payments"). 
Credit 
Enhancement: 
The credit enhancement for the Class A Notes is provided by (i) the excess spread 
generated by the Transfer Fee, (ii) the funds standing to the credit of the General 
Reserve and (iii) the subordination of any payment due in respect of the Class B 
Loan and the Residual Units.  
Limited Recourse: 
Without limiting the scope of the obligations and the possibility of recourse of the 
FCT, by subscribing any Class A Programme Note, each Class A Noteholder 
acknowledges that it shall have no direct right of action or recourse, under any 
circumstances whatsoever, against the Dealers under the Purchased Receivables 
and expressly and irrevocably: 
(a) 
acknowledges that, in accordance with Articles L. 214-169 and L. 214-
175. III of the Code, it has no claim whatsoever against the FCT for sums 
in excess of the amount of the FCT's assets available for making a 
payment in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments and the 
cash allocation provisions set out in the FCT Regulations, even if the FCT 
is liquidated; 
(b) 
acknowledges that, in accordance with Article L. 214-169 of the Code, 
the FCT's assets may only be subject to civil proceedings (mesures civiles 
d'exécution) in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments and 
the cash allocation provisions set out in the FCT Regulations; 
(c) 
to the extent that it may have any claim (including any contractual claim 
or action (action en responsabilité contractuelle) against the FCT the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
payment of which is not expressly contemplated under any applicable 
Priority of Payments and the cash allocation provisions set out in the FCT 
Regulations, undertakes to waive to demand payment of any such claim 
as long as (i) all Class A Notes and the Residual Units issued by the FCT 
and (ii) the Class B Loan borrowed by the FCT have not been repaid in 
full; and 
(d) 
acknowledges that in accordance with Article L. 214-175. III of the Code, 
provisions of Book VI of the French Commercial Code are not applicable 
to the FCT. 
Ratings: 
It is a condition to the issue of the Class A Programme Notes that the Class A 
Programme Notes will, when issued, be assigned a rating no lower than "A (sf)" 
by DBRS and a rating no lower than "A2 (sf)" by Moody’s. 
 
A security rating, as issued by the Rating Agencies, is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time by one or more of the Rating Agencies. 
 
The ratings granted by the Rating Agencies in respect of the Class A Notes 
address only the likelihood of timely receipt by any Class A Noteholder of 
regularly scheduled interest amount on the Class A Notes and the likelihood of 
receipt on the Legal Final Maturity Date by any Class A Noteholder of the 
principal outstanding amount of the Class A Notes. Such ratings do not address 
the likelihood of receipt, prior to the Legal Final Maturity Date, of principal 
amount by any Class A Noteholder nor the receipt of any additional amounts 
relating to prepayment or early redemption which may become due to the Class 
A Noteholders. 
Class A Noteholders 
Representative: 
A Class A Noteholders Representative will be appointed from time to time if the 
Class A Notes are held by more than one Noteholder. 
Subscription 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, RCI Banque is the sole subscriber of the 
Class A Programme Notes. 
Selling and Transfer 
Restrictions: 
The offer and sale of the Class A Programme Notes will be subject to selling 
restrictions in various jurisdictions (see the section entitled "Subscription and 
Sale" on page 164). 
Central Securities 
Depositories: 
The Class A Programme Notes will be admitted to the CSDs and any question 
with respect to the ownership of the Class A Programme Notes shall be governed 
by the law of the country in which the relevant account to which the Class A 
Programme Notes are credited is maintained. 
 
The Class A Programme Notes will, upon issue, be registered in the books of the 
CSDs, which shall credit the respective accounts of the account holders affiliated 
with Euroclear and/or, as the case may be, Clearstream Luxembourg (see the 
Section entitled "General Description of the FCT - Liabilities of the FCT - 
Description of the Class A Notes and the Residual Units" on page 72). 
Listing and 
Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to list the Class A Programme Notes on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Class A Programme 
Notes to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market. 
Issue of Further 
Subject to the paragraph below, during the Revolving Period in order to finance

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Class A Programme 
Notes: 
the acquisition of further Eligible Receivables and to repay any outstanding Class 
A Notes on their respective Expected Maturity Dates, the FCT is entitled to issue 
further Series of Class A20xx-y Notes on any Issue Date falling within the 
Revolving Period. 
On any Issue Date, the issuance of any Class A Programme Note shall be subject 
to the satisfaction of the Issuance Conditions Precedent. 
Amortisation of the 
Class A Notes: 
During the Normal Amortisation Period and the Early Amortisation Period the 
Management Company (in the name and on behalf of the FCT) will on each 
Payment Date apply the Available Distribution Amount in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments to redeem the outstanding Class A Notes, provided 
that the Class A Notes being redeemed shall be redeemed on a pari passu basis 
with each other Class A Notes being redeemed, pro rata in accordance with the 
then Principal Outstanding Amount of each Class A Notes.  
 
During the Early Amortisation Period, the FCT shall redeem all the Class A Notes 
in accordance with the Early Amortisation Priority of Payments. 
The redemption in whole or in part of any amount of principal in respect of the 
Class A Notes is subject to the provisions of the FCT Regulations, and in 
particular to the relevant Priority of Payments.  
Partial Amortisation 
Option: 
During the Revolving Period, the Seller may elect to fully or partially redeem any 
Series of Class A Notes, further to the occurrence of an Optional Partial 
Amortisation Event, to exercise its Partial Amortisation Option in accordance 
with the following terms and in Transaction Documents: 
(a) 
no Optional Partial Amortisation Event may occur during the Revolving 
Period if an Early Amortisation Event other than an Excess Cash Event 
has occurred; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an Optional Partial Amortisation Event, the 
Management Company shall give notice of the same to the Seller, with a 
copy to the Custodian, on the immediately following Partial Amortisation 
Option Day; 
(c) 
following the receipt of such notice by the Seller from the Management 
Company on the Partial Amortisation Option Day, the Seller will be 
entitled to exercise on such Partial Amortisation Option Day its Partial 
Amortisation Option by requesting, by sending a written notice to that 
effect to the Management Company, with a copy to the Custodian, (i) the 
partial amortisation of some series of Class A Notes up to the Class A 
Notes Partial Amortisation Amount and (ii) a reduction of the Class B 
Commitment and the Class B Loan Utilisation Amount (in accordance 
with the definition of such expression), so that after the exercise of such 
Partial Amortisation Option, the sum of the Principal Outstanding 
Amount of the Class A Notes and of the Class B Loan Utilisation Amount 
on the Payment Date corresponding to the Collection Period during 
which the Optional Partial Amortisation Event occurred is higher or equal 
to the Pool Balance on the Business Day following the relevant Cut-Off 
Date (after the purchase of further Receivables, if any and as the case may 
be); and 
(d) 
information regarding the Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
will be included in the relevant Monthly Investor Report. 
Early Amortisation 
Event: 
Each of the following events shall constitute an early amortisation event (an Early 
Amortisation Event):  
(a) 
occurrence of an Insolvency Event in respect of a Manufacturer;  
(b) 
occurrence of a Seller or Servicer Termination Event; 
(c) 
any payment obligation of the FCT becomes ineffective or 
unenforceable, except if this event is remedied within 15 Business Days, 
or any other provision of any Transaction Document becomes ineffective 
or unenforceable except if this event is remedied within 30 calendar days; 
(d) 
failure of the FCT to pay interest accrued under any Class A Note, if not 
remedied within three Business Days; 
(e) 
failure of the FCT to pay principal under any Class A Note at Legal Final 
Maturity Date;  
(f) 
failure by the Class B Lender to fund any Class B Loan Required Increase 
Amount on a Payment Date; 
(g) 
failure to fund the General Reserve Increase Amount on a Payment Date;  
(h)  
occurrence of an Asset-Liability Trigger Event;  
(i) 
occurrence of a Pool Payment Rate Trigger Event; 
(j) 
occurrence of an Excess Cash Event (only during Revolving Period); and 
(k) 
it becomes unlawful for the Class B Lender to perform any of its 
obligations as contemplated by the Class B Loan Agreement or to fund 
or maintain the Class B Loan. 
 
The Management Company shall notify the occurrence of an Early Amortisation 
Event to the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Lender, the Custodian and the 
Rating Agencies as soon as it becomes aware of such an event. 
Investment 
Considerations: 
See the section entitled "Risk Factors" on page 16 and the other information 
included in this Base Prospectus for a discussion of certain factors that should be 
considered before investing in the Class A Programme Notes. 
Withholding Tax: 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Class A Notes will be made 
subject to any applicable withholding or deduction for or on account of any tax 
and neither the FCT nor the Paying Agent will be obliged to pay any additional 
amounts as a consequence of such withholding or deduction. 
Governing Law: 
The Transaction Documents are governed and construed in accordance with: 
(a) 
French Law with respect to the Class A Notes and, subject to paragraph 
(b) below, the Transaction Documents; and 
(b) 
German Law with respect to the Data Protection Agreement, the German 
Account Pledge Agreement and clause 5(c) of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The following is a description of the principal risks associated with an investment in the Class A Programme 
Notes. These risk factors are material to an investment in the Class A Programme Notes. Prospective 
Noteholders should carefully read and consider all the information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
including the risk factors set out in this section, prior to making any investment decision. 
An investment in the Class A Programme Notes involves substantial risks and is only suitable for investors 
experienced in financial matters who are in a position to fully assess the risks relating to such an investment 
and who have sufficient financial means to suffer any potential loss stemming therefrom. 
The FCT believes that the risks described below are the material risks inherent in the transaction for Class A 
Noteholders, but the inability of the FCT to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
any Class A Programme Notes may occur for other unknown reasons and the FCT does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks relating to the Class A Programme Notes are exhaustive. Additional risks 
or uncertainties not presently known to the FCT or that the FCT currently considers immaterial may also have 
an adverse effect on the FCT's ability to pay interest, principal or other amounts in respect of the Class A 
Notes.  
Before making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of the Class A Programme Notes should (i) 
ensure that they understand the nature of the Class A Programme Notes and the extent of their exposure to 
risk, (ii) consider carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances and investment objectives (and 
those of any accounts for which they are acting) and in consultation with such legal, financial, regulatory and 
tax advisers as it deems appropriate, all the information set out in this Base Prospectus so as to arrive at their 
own independent evaluation of the investment and (iii) confirm that an investment in the Class A Programme 
Notes is fully consistent with their respective financial needs, objectives and any applicable investment 
restrictions and is suitable for them. The Class A Programme Notes are not a conventional investment and 
carry various unique investment risks, which prospective investors should understand clearly before investing 
in them. In particular, an investment in the Class A Programme Notes involves the risk of a partial or total 
loss of investment. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE PARTIES 
Risk relating to the FCT 
You cannot rely on any Person other than the FCT to make payment under your Class A Programme Notes 
The FCT is the only entity responsible for making any payments on the Class A Notes. The Class A Programme 
Notes will be contractual obligations of the FCT solely and will not be obligations of, and will not be 
guaranteed by and will not be the responsibility of, any other entity. In particular, the Class A Programme 
Notes will not be the obligations of, will not be guaranteed by and will not be the responsibility of, any of the 
Seller, the Servicer, the Custodian, the Management Company, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash 
Manager, the Manufacturers, the Listing Agent, the Paying Agent, the Arranger or any other Person and none 
of them accepts any responsibility whatsoever to the Class A Noteholders in respect of any failure to pay any 
amount due under the Class A Programme Notes. 
Subject to the powers of the Class A Noteholders Representatives and the powers of the General Meetings of 
the Class A Noteholders (as respectively defined in Condition 11 (Representation of the Class A20xx-y 
Noteholders)) only the Management Company may enforce the rights of the Class A Noteholders against third 
parties. 
The FCT has limited sources of funds and you will have limited recourse as against the FCT in respect of the 
payment under your Class A Programme Notes

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
The cash flows arising from the assets of the FCT constitute the main financial resources of the FCT for the 
payment of principal and interest amounts due in respect of the Class A Notes. The Class A Notes represent 
an obligation solely of the FCT. Pursuant to the FCT Regulations, the right of recourse of the Class A 
Noteholders with respect to their right to receive payment of principal and interest together with any arrears 
shall be limited to the assets of the FCT pro rata to the number of Class A Notes owned by them and subject 
to the applicable Priority of Payments. 
The ability of the FCT to meet its obligations to pay principal and interest on the Class A Notes will be 
contingent upon its receipt of Collections on the Purchased Receivables and, to a limited extent, of the proceeds 
of the enforcement of the Ancillary Rights and Related Security. Payments of principal and interest under the 
Class A Notes are subject to certain senior ranking payments, as set out in the sections entitled "Operations of 
the FCT – Priorities of Payments” and “Terms and Conditions of the Class A Programme Notes". 
The FCT will not have any significant sources of funds available to meet its obligations under the Class A 
Notes other than the Purchased Receivables together with Ancillary Rights it owns and the amounts standing 
to the credit of the FCT Accounts. There is no assurance that the market value of the Purchased Receivables 
purchased by the FCT will at any time be equal to or greater than the Principal Outstanding Amount of the 
Class A Notes then outstanding plus the accrued interest thereon. If the resources described above cannot 
provide the FCT with sufficient funds to enable the FCT to make required payments on the Class A Notes, the 
Class A Noteholders may incur a loss of interest and/or principal which would otherwise be due and payable 
on the Class A Notes. 
Pursuant to the FCT Regulations, the right of recourse of the Class A Noteholders with respect to receipt of 
payment of principal and interest together with arrears shall be limited to the assets of the FCT pro rata to the 
number of Class A Notes owned by them and subject to the relevant Priority of Payments. 
The Class A Noteholders have no direct recourse whatsoever to the relevant Dealers and any other debtors for 
the Purchased Receivables purchased by the FCT. Pursuant to the provisions of the FCT Regulations, the 
Management Company has expressly and irrevocably undertaken, upon the conclusion of any agreement, in 
the name and on behalf of the FCT with any third party, that such third party expressly and irrevocably: 
(a) 
agrees that, in accordance with Articles L. 214-169 and L. 214-175 III of the Code, it has no claim 
whatsoever against the FCT for sums in excess of the amount of the FCT's assets available for making 
a payment in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments and the cash allocation provisions 
set out in the FCT Regulations, even if the FCT is liquidated; 
(b) 
agrees that in accordance with Article L. 214-169 of the Code, the FCT's assets may only be subject 
to civil proceedings (mesures civiles d'exécution) in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments and the cash allocation provisions set out in the FCT Regulations; 
(c) 
to the extent that it may have any claim (including any contractual claim or action (action en 
responsabilité contractuelle) against the FCT the payment of which is not expressly contemplated 
under any applicable Priority of Payments and the cash allocation provisions set out in the FCT 
Regulations, undertakes to waive to demand payment of any such claim as long as (i) all Class A Notes 
and the Residual Units issued by the FCT and (ii) the Class B Loan borrowed by the FCT have not 
been repaid in full; and 
(d) 
agrees that in accordance with Article L. 214-175 III of the Code, provisions of Book VI of the French 
Commercial Code are not applicable to the FCT. 
Early liquidation of the FCT could affect payments under your Class A Programme Notes 
The FCT Regulations set out a number of circumstances in which the Management Company would be entitled 
or obliged to liquidate the FCT.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
In the event of the an occurrence of a FCT Liquidation Event and a sale of the assets of the FCT by the 
Management Company (see the section entitled "Operations of the FCT - Liquidation of the FCT"), the 
Management Company, the Custodian and any relevant parties to the Transaction Documents will be entitled 
to receive the proceeds of any such sale to the extent of unpaid fees and expenses and other amounts owing to 
such parties prior to any distributions due to the holders of the Class A Notes, in accordance with the Early 
Amortisation Priority of Payments. 
The yield to maturity of any Class A Notes will be sensitive to the occurrence of any Early Amortisation Events 
or any of the FCT Liquidation Events. Such events may each influence the average lives and the yield to 
maturity of the Class A Notes. 
If an Early Amortisation Event or an Optional Partial Amortisation Event occurs, Series of Class A Notes may 
be redeemed prior to their respective Expected Maturity Date or may be redeemed (partially or fully) earlier 
than anticipated. Class A Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the principal repaid to them earlier than the 
relevant Expected Maturity Date at a rate of return that is equal to or greater than the rate of return on the Class 
A Notes. 
The FCT is reliant on third parties in order to meet its obligations under your Class A Programme Notes 
The FCT's ability to make any principal and interest payments under the Class A Notes will depend to a 
significant extent upon due performance by other parties to the Transaction Documents of their contractual 
obligations thereunder, including the performance by the Seller, the Servicer, the Management Company, the 
Custodian, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash Manager and the Management Company of their respective 
obligations.  
The Management Company represents the FCT and provides all necessary advice and assistance and know-
how, whether technical or otherwise, including that which is in connection with the day-to-day management 
and administrative tasks of the FCT and ensures that all the rights and obligations of the FCT under the 
Transaction Documents will be exercised and/or, as applicable, performed. 
In particular, the timely payment of amounts due in respect of the Class A Notes will depend on the ability of 
the Servicer to service the Purchased Receivables and to recover any amount relating to Defaulted Receivables 
or on the ability of the Management Company, the Custodian, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash Manager, 
the Data Protection Trustee, the Listing Agent and the Paying Agent to satisfy their contractual obligations 
under or in connection with the Transaction Documents. 
If any of the Servicer, the Management Company, the Custodian, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash 
Manager, the Data Protection Trustee, the Listing Agent or the Paying Agent or any other relevant third party 
providing services to the FCT under the Transaction Documents fails to perform its obligations under the 
relevant agreement(s) to which it is a party, the ability of the FCT to make payments under the Class A Notes 
may be affected. 
The Transaction Documents provide for the ability of the FCT under certain circumstances to terminate the 
appointment of any relevant third-party service provider under the relevant Transaction Documents and to 
replace them by a suitable successor. In accordance with the FCT Regulations, the Management Company, on 
behalf of the FCT, is responsible for replacing, as applicable, any such third-party provider, subject to the 
provisions set out in the relevant Transaction Documents. However, there is no guarantee or assurance that a 
suitable successor could be found or would be found in a timely manner and engaged on the same terms as 
applied to the party it replaces, and which in either case would not cause a downgrading in the then current 
ratings of the Class A Notes. 
No direct exercise of rights by Noteholders or Unitholders 
The Management Company is required under French law to represent the FCT. The Management Company 
has the exclusive right to exercise contractual rights against the parties which have entered into agreements

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
with the FCT, including, among others, the Seller and the Servicer. No holder of Notes or Residual Units will 
have the right to give any binding directions to the Management Company in relation to the exercise of their 
respective rights or to exercise any such rights directly. 
Risks relating to the Servicer 
The net cash flows from the Purchased Receivables may be affected by decisions made, actions taken and the 
collection procedures adopted and implemented by the Servicer.  
The terms of the Servicing Agreement provide that (i) the Servicer is authorised to collect payments on the 
Purchased Receivables and to sue the Dealers in any competent court in the Federal Republic of Germany or 
in any other competent jurisdiction in the Servicer's own name and for the benefit of the FCT (gewillkürte 
Prozeßstandschaft) and for these purposes the Servicer has been released from the restrictions set forth in § 
181 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch, BGB) and (ii) the Servicer will act as an independent 
service provider fully and exclusively responsible for the manner in which it provides its duties using its 
existing ordinary and customary skills, professional standards, policies, processes and methodologies, 
accountable to the FCT only for purposes of its servicing duties. 
The Servicer may amend or replace the Credit and Collection Policy at any time, provided that the Management 
Company is informed of any material amendment or substitution to the Credit and Collection Policy and 
provided that any amendment to the Credit and Collection Policy has been approved in writing by the 
Management Company if such modification would be reasonably likely to have an adverse effect on the rights 
of the FCT in relation to the Purchased Receivables, the relevant Receivables Contracts or the relevant Dealer 
Agreements, in the event that the Servicer has to face a situation that is not expressly envisaged by the said 
Credit and Collection Policy, it shall act in a commercially prudent and reasonable manner; in applying the 
Credit and Collection Policy or taking any action in relation to any particular Receivable which is in default 
or which is likely to be in default, the Servicer shall only deviate from the relevant Credit and Collection Policy 
if the Servicer reasonably believes that doing so will enhance recovery prospects or minimise loss relating to 
the Purchased Receivables. 
Any such amendment, if material, or any substitution to the Credit and Collection Policy, if material, must be 
notified to the Management Company. 
Any waiver termination, amendment or variation may affect the interest, principal or payment terms relating 
to a Purchased Receivable. Any such waiver or change may result in delays or reductions in payments under 
Purchased Receivables and indirectly under the Class A Notes. 
The ability of the FCT to meet its obligations under your Class A Programme Notes will depend on the 
performance of the duties of the Servicer, and, if applicable, a substitute servicer 
Replacement of the Servicer 
If the appointment of the Servicer is terminated under the terms of the Servicing Agreement (whether, among 
other things, by reason of its default or insolvency) it will be necessary for the FCT to appoint a substitute 
servicer to perform the obligations which the Servicer had agreed to provide under the Servicing Agreement 
and to notify each Dealer of such substitution. No back-up servicer has been appointed in relation to the 
Purchased Receivables, and there is no guarantee that a substitute servicer could be found which would be 
willing and able to service the Purchased Receivables in accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement. 
Furthermore, any substitute servicer may charge a fee on a basis different from the Servicer. 
No one other than the Management Company has the ability to remove or appoint the Servicer in accordance 
with the Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Notification to Dealers 
The assignment of the Purchased Receivables will only be notified to the Dealers upon the occurrence of a 
Seller or Servicer Termination Event set out in the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement (such events 
include the occurrence of an event of default under the Servicing Agreement, for so long as the Seller acts as 
Servicer or in the circumstances set out in the section entitled "Purchase and Servicing of the Receivables – 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement").  
Until a Dealer has been notified of the assignment of the Purchased Receivables, such Dealer may, inter alia, 
effect payment with discharging effect to the relevant Seller or enter into any other transaction with respect to 
the Receivable with the relevant Seller with binding effect on the FCT. In addition, only after notification, the 
Dealer will be subject to certain restrictions in relation to the raising of defences and the exercise of set-off 
right against the FCT arising from its relationship with that Seller, as detailed in the section of the Risk Factors 
entitled “Set off”. 
Commingling Risk 
All monies collected in respect of the Purchased Receivables will be credited to the Dedicated Account. 
The Servicer, the Management Company and the Custodian have entered into, with the Dedicated Account 
Bank, the Dedicated Account Agreement in respect of the Dedicated Account. Pursuant to the Dedicated 
Account Agreement, the Dedicated Account is subject to a dedicated account mechanism as contemplated in 
Articles L. 214-172 and D. 214-228 of the Code, pursuant to which, inter alia, the Servicer and the Servicer's 
creditors, administrator, liquidator or other similar organ have no right over the amount credited to the 
Dedicated Account. Only the FCT has ownership rights over such sums. 
If at any time and for any reason whatsoever, the Dedicated Account Agreement (or any replacement dedicated 
account agreement) is not (or ceases to be) in full force and effect (including, if no replacement dedicated 
account agreement is entered into in respect of the relevant account, in case of termination of the Dedicated 
Account Agreement in the limited circumstances set out therein), any Collections standing to the credit of the 
Dedicated Account may, upon the insolvency (redressement judiciaire or liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Servicer, be commingled with other monies belonging to the Servicer and may not be available to the FCT to 
make payments under the Class A Notes. 
In addition, the Servicer, the Management Company and the Custodian have entered into an account pledge 
agreement with respect to the Dedicated Account under German law. Under this account pledge agreement, 
the Servicer has created a pledge relating to the Dedicated Account in favour of the FCT as pledgee. The pledge 
serves to secure due performance of the Secured Liabilities. If a Secured Liability is not paid when due (§ 1228 
para 2 BGB) and thereby the requirements of the German Civil Code with regard to the enforcement of pledges 
are met (maturity of pledge, Eintritt der Pfandreife), the Management Company is entitled to enforce the 
pledges (or any of them or any part thereof) by collecting the credit balance from the Dedicated Account and/or 
in any other way permitted under German law. 
German Banking Secrecy and Data Protection Provisions apply as part of the servicing of the Purchased 
Receivables 
The German Banking Secrecy (Bankgeheimnis, the German Banking Secrecy) restricts the transfer of bank 
customer data. Further, any processing, including the collection, use and transfer, of personal data must comply 
with the requirements of the EU General Data Protection Regulation of 27 April 2016 (Regulation (EU) 
2016/679, as amended and as applied in Germany) (the GDPR) and, in addition, of the German Federal Data 
Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz, the BDSG) (the GDPR and the BDSG together, Data Protection 
Rules). 
Under the German Banking Secrecy, a bank may not disclose information regarding its customer without the 
prior consent of such customer. Such German Banking Secrecy results from the bank's contractual duty of

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
loyalty in respect of its agency relationship with its customer and the specific relationship built on trust between 
the bank and its customer. In order to protect the interests of the Dealers, the transfer of the Purchased 
Receivables is structured in compliance with the BaFin Circular 4/97 regarding the sale of customer receivables 
in connection with asset backed securities transactions by German credit institutions and the corresponding 
publications by BaFin in respect thereof. This includes the appointment of a Data Protection Trustee and the 
obligation to generally encrypt Dealer related personal data. 
According to the Data Protection Rules, the transfer, processing and use of personal data is only allowed (i) if 
so permitted by the Data Protection Rules or any other legal provision or (ii) if the relevant Person has 
consented to such transfer, processing or use and such declaration of consent fulfils the requirements of the 
Data Protection Rules. Personal data within the meaning of the Data Protection Rules do generally not include 
information relating to legal entities (juristische Personen) but include information regarding any natural 
persons who act on behalf of such legal entities as well as sole traders (Einzelkaufleute) or a one-man limited 
liability company (Ein-Mann-GmbH). It is disputed in German legal doctrine, on which legal basis under the 
Data Protection Rules the assignment of trade receivables (Handelsforderungen) and the transfer of certain 
related personal data which is required to enforce such assigned receivables can be based. There are good 
arguments that the transfer of certain personal data relating to trade receivables (i.e., the amount of the relevant 
claim, invoice number and the business address of the relevant obligor company, each to the extent this 
information relates to a natural person, sole trader or one-man limited liability company) is  not subject to the 
Data Protection Rules if the transferred data solely relates to the company in its capacity as obligor of the 
assigned claim and not to the individual partners of such company. Furthermore, there are good arguments that 
personal data (i.e., information that relates to a natural person, sole trader or one-man limited liability 
company) can be transferred in accordance with Data Protection Rules to the extent such personal data is 
required to secure or enforce such assigned receivables. 
Even if the transfer of the data relating to the Purchased Receivables resulted in a violation of the Data 
Protection Rules or the German Banking Secrecy the assignment of the Purchased Receivables would not be 
invalid. The German Supreme Court (Bundesgerichtshof) held that a violation of the Data Protection Rules or 
German Banking Secrecy may trigger damage claims, but will not invalidate the assignment of a loan claim. 
Further, the Data Protection Trustee has been appointed in order to safeguard the data protection interests of 
the Dealers. 
The Transaction Documents provide that (i) any personal data to be delivered to the FCT are in encrypted form 
and (ii) only the Decryption Key (and not the personal data themselves) is deposited with the Data Protection 
Trustee. Therefore, no personal data (in particular, name and address of an individual) within the meaning of 
the Data Protection Rules or the German Banking Secrecy shall be transferred to the Data Protection Trustee 
or to the FCT (unless a Delivery Event occurs or for the limited verification purposes in course of the 
Decryption Tests). 
However, no final suitable guidance by any statutory or judicial authority exists regarding the manner in which 
an assignment of a claim must be made to comply with German Banking Secrecy and the Data Protection 
Rules. Further, there is no specific statutory or judicial authority supporting the view that compliance with the 
procedures set out in the BaFin Circular 4/97 and its corresponding publications prevents a violation of German 
Banking Secrecy or the Data Protection Rules. 
There may be conflict between your interests and the interests of certain transaction parties 
General 
With respect to the Class A Notes, conflicts of interest may arise as a result of various factors involving, in 
particular, the FCT, the Management Company, the Custodian, the Seller, RCI Banque, their affiliates and the 
other parties named herein. The following briefly summarises some of these conflicts, but is not intended to 
be an exhaustive list of all such potential conflicts.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
For example, such potential conflicts may arise because of the following: 
(a) 
it is expected that RCI Banque will purchase all or part of the Class A Notes; in this case, RCI Banque 
may exercise voting rights in respect of the Class A Notes held by it in a manner that may not be 
aligned with the interests of other Class A Noteholders;  
(b) 
the Seller or one of its affiliates may purchase a portion of the Class A Notes and in this case, may 
exercise voting rights in respect of the Class A Notes held by it in a manner that may not be aligned 
with the interests of other Class A Noteholders;  
(c) 
in performing its duties on behalf of the Class A Noteholders, the Management Company is required 
to take into account the interests of all of the Class A Noteholders; in addition, pursuant to Article 319-
3 2° of the AMF General Regulations, the Management Company shall act in the best interest of the 
Residual Unitholders and the integrity of the market. Pursuant to Article 318-13 of the AMF General 
Regulations, the Management Company shall maintain and operate effective organisational and 
administrative arrangements with a view to taking all reasonable steps designed to identify, prevent, 
manage and monitor conflicts of interest in order to prevent them from adversely affecting the interests 
of the FCT and the Residual Unitholders and provisions of Article 319-3 4° of the AMF General 
Regulations pursuant to which the Management Company shall take all reasonable steps designed to 
avoid conflicts of interest and, when they cannot be avoided, to identify, manage and monitor and, 
where applicable, disclose, those conflicts of interest in order to prevent them from adversely affecting 
the interests of the FCT and the Residual Unitholders and to ensure that the FCT is fairly treated; 
(d) 
Société Générale is acting in several capacities under the Transaction Documents; even if its rights 
and obligations under the Transaction Documents are not conflicting and are independent from one 
another, in performing any such obligations in these different capacities under the Transaction 
Documents, Société Générale may be in a situation of conflict of interest provided that, when acting 
in its capacity as Custodian, Société Générale will act in the interests of the Class A Noteholders; 
(e) 
RCI BanqueNiederlassung Deutschland is a branch of RCI Banque whereas RCI Banque 
Niederlassung Deutschland and RCI Banque are acting in several capacities under the Transaction 
Documents; in performing such obligations in these different capacities under the Transaction 
Documents, RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland and RCI Banque may be in a situation of 
conflicts of interest between each other and act in a manner that may not be aligned with the interests 
of other parties; 
(f) 
the Seller is acting in several capacities under the Transaction Documents; even if its rights and 
obligations under the Transaction Documents are not conflicting and are independent from one 
another, in performing any such obligations in these different capacities under the Transaction 
Documents, the Seller may be in a situation of conflict of interest; and  
(g) 
any party named in this Base Prospectus and its affiliates may also have ongoing relationships with, 
render services to, or engage itself in other transactions with, another party or affiliate of another party 
named herein and as such may be in a position of conflict of interest. 
If the Seller or any of its affiliates hold any of the Class A Notes, the Seller or any of its affiliates will not be 
deprived of the right to vote. 
Conflicting interest between the Class A Notes, the Class B Loan and the Residual Units 
The FCT Regulations provide that in the exercise of its rights, powers, authorities, duties and discretions under 
the Transaction Documents, the Management Company is to have regard to the interests of the holders of the 
Class A Notes, the Class B Lender and the holders of the Residual Units. There may be circumstances, 
however, where the interests of the Class A Noteholders, the interest of the Class B Lender and the interests

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
of the holder(s) of Residual Units conflict with each other. In general, the Management Company will give 
priority to the interests of the Class A Noteholders such that: 
(a) 
the Management Company is to have regard only to the interests of the Class A Noteholders in the 
event of a conflict between the interests of the Class A Noteholders on the one hand and the Class B 
Lender or the Residual Unitholder(s) on the other hand; 
(b) 
(if there are no Class A Notes outstanding) the Management Company is to have regard only to the 
interests of the Class B Lender in the event of a conflict between the interests of the Class B Lender 
on the one hand and the Residual Unitholder(s) on the other hand; 
(c) 
(if there are no Class A Notes and no Class B Loan outstanding) the Management Company is to have 
regard only to the interests of the Residual Unitholder(s),  
provided always that, (i) pursuant to Article 319-3 2° of the AMF General Regulations, the Management 
Company shall act in the best interest of the FCT or the Residual Unitholders and the integrity of the market; 
(ii) pursuant to Article 318-13 of the AMF General Regulations the Management Company shall maintain and 
operate effective organisational and administrative arrangements with a view to taking all reasonable steps 
designed to identify, prevent, manage and monitor conflicts of interest in order to prevent them from adversely 
affecting the interests of the FCT and the Residual Unitholders and (iii) pursuant to the Class A Notes 
Conditions, no representative of the Class A Noteholders may interfere in the management of the affairs of the 
FCT. 
Furthermore, in cases where the Management Company must act in the interest of the Class A Noteholders, 
the agreement of the Class B Lender and/or the Residual Unitholders might also be required if such action 
affects the financial characteristics of the Class B Loan and/or Residual Units, respectively. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE CLASS A PROGRAMME NOTES 
Credit enhancement provides only limited protection against losses 
Credit enhancement for the Class A Notes will be provided by (i) the excess spread generated by the Transfer 
Fee, (ii) the funds standing to the credit of the General Reserve and (iii) the subordination of payments due in 
respect of the Class B Loan and the Residual Units. The amount of this credit enhancement is limited and may 
be reduced from time to time. If the credit enhancement for any Class A Notes is exhausted, the holders thereof 
are much more likely to incur a loss on such Class A Notes. 
Prepayments and other circumstances may affect the average life of your Class A Programme Notes 
The average life of the Class A Notes may be affected by an increase in the level of prepayments, the 
occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event, an Optional Partial Amortisation Event or an FCT Liquidation 
Event. 
In particular, during the Normal Amortisation Period and during the Early Amortisation Period, faster than 
expected rates of prepayments on the Purchased Receivables will cause the FCT to make payments of principal 
on the Class A Notes earlier than expected and as a result shorten the maturity of the Class A Notes. 
Prepayments may occur as a result of (i) prepayments of Purchased Receivables by Dealers in whole or in part, 
(ii) liquidations and other recoveries due to default, (iii) receipts of proceeds from claims on any physical 
damage, credit life or other insurance policies covering the Vehicles or the Dealers and (iv) repurchases of 
Purchased Receivables by the Seller. A variety of economic, social and other factors will influence the rate of 
prepayments on the Purchased Receivables. No prediction can be made as to the actual prepayment rate that 
will be experienced on the Purchased Receivables. 
If principal is paid on the Class A Notes earlier than expected due to prepayments on the Purchased Receivables 
(such prepayments occurring at a time when interest rates are lower than interest rates that would otherwise be

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
applied if such prepayments had not been made or made at a different time), Noteholders may not be able to 
reinvest the principal in a comparable security with an effective interest rate equivalent to the interest rate on 
the Class A Notes. Similarly, if principal payments on the Class A Notes are made later than expected due to 
slower than expected prepayments or payments on the Purchased Receivables, the Noteholders of the Class A 
Notes may lose reinvestment opportunities. Noteholders bear all reinvestment risk resulting from receiving 
payments of principal on the Class A Notes earlier or later than expected. 
Interest rate risk 
The Loan Receivables to be purchased by the FCT will not include an interest component and the Trade 
Receivables to be purchased by the FCT will not bear interest (i.e. any regular interest to be paid under a Loan 
Contract and collected by the Seller will not be transferred to the FCT) while (a) the Class A Notes bear a 
floating rate of interest based on the Applicable Reference Rate and (b) the Class B Loan bears a fixed rate of 
interest. Consequently, the FCT is exposed to an interest rate risk. To mitigate such interest rate risk the Eligible 
Receivables will be purchased by the FCT at their outstanding balance and the Seller will pay to the FCT the 
Transfer Fee. Such Transfer Fee will be applied to pay inter alia the Class A Notes Interest Amount and the 
Class B Loan Interest Amount (see the section entitled "Purchase and Servicing of the Receivables"). If the 
amount resulting from the payment of the Transfer Fee is not sufficient to pay the Class A Notes Interest 
Amount and the Class B Loan Interest Amount on each Payment Date, any shortfall may be covered by the 
payment by the Seller of an Additional Transfer Fee Amount to the FCT.  
Interest Arrears  
In the event that any of the Class A Notes are affected by any interest arrears, such amount will not bear 
interest. 
Lack of liquidity of the secondary market may adversely affect the market value of your Class A Programme 
Notes 
Although an application will be made to list the Class A Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to admit to trading the Class A Notes on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, there is currently a limited secondary market for the Class A Notes. The absence of a secondary 
market for the Class A Notes could limit Class A Noteholders' ability to resell them. If the Class A Noteholders 
want to sell any of the Class A Notes before they mature, they may be unable to find a buyer or, if a buyer is 
found, the selling price may be less than it would have been if a liquid secondary market existed. If a secondary 
market does develop, it might not continue or it might not be sufficiently liquid to allow resale of Class A 
Notes. 
The global securitisation markets are volatile and have in the past experienced severe disruptions resulting 
from reduced investor demand for asset-backed loans and securities and increased investor yield requirements 
for those loans and securities. There can be no assurance as to if or when market conditions will improve. A 
prolonged reduction in demand for asset-backed or other debt securities, alone or in combination with the 
continuing increase in prevailing market interest rates, may adversely affect the market value of the Class A 
Notes, the ability of the Class A Noteholders to sell Class A Notes or acquire credit protection on the Class A 
Notes and may cause significant fluctuations of the market value of the Class A Notes. Any of the above may 
result in significant losses for the Class A Noteholders. 
Furthermore, the Class A Notes are subject to certain selling restrictions which may further limit their liquidity 
(see the section entitled "Selling and Transfer Restrictions"). 
Issues of further Class A Programme Notes and Series of Class A Programme Notes may have an effect on the 
Class A Notes market

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
The FCT may from time to time during the Revolving Period acquire further Eligible Receivables and issue 
further Series of Class A Programme Notes. Each issue of further Series of Class A Programme Notes will be 
subject to certain conditions having been met. 
Ratings of the Class A Programme Notes may be lowered or withdrawn after your purchase of the Class A 
Programme Notes, which may lower the market value of your Class A Programme Notes 
The ratings assigned to the Class A Notes by the Rating Agencies take into consideration the structural, tax 
and legal aspects associated with the Class A Notes and the underlying Purchased Receivables, the extent to 
which the Dealers' payments under the Purchased Receivables are adequate to make the payments required 
under the Class A Notes as well as other relevant features of the structure, including, inter alia, the credit 
quality of the FCT Account Bank, the Paying Agent, the Dedicated Account Bank, the Seller and the Servicer. 
The ratings do not address the possibility that the Class A Noteholders might suffer a lower than expected 
yield due to prepayments. 
The ratings granted by the Rating Agencies in respect of the Class A Notes only address the likelihood of 
timely receipt by any Class A Noteholder of contractual interest on the Class A Notes and the likelihood of 
receipt on the Legal Final Maturity Date by any Class A Noteholder of the principal outstanding amount of the 
Class A Notes. Such ratings do not address the likelihood of receipt, prior to the Legal Final Maturity Date, of 
principal by any Class A Noteholder nor the receipt of any additional amounts relating to prepayment or early 
redemption which may become due to the Class A Noteholders. 
A Moody's rating addresses the expected losses which are borne by investors until the Legal Final Maturity 
Date of each Class A Note. 
The credit ratings assigned to the Class A Notes by DBRS reflects DBRS's assessment of the likelihood of (i) 
full and timely payment of interest due on the Class A Notes on each Payment Date and (ii) full payment of 
principal to the holders of the Class A Notes on or prior to the Legal Final Maturity Date. 
A rating assigned to the Class A Notes is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Class A Notes and 
does not comment on their marketability, any market price or suitability for any particular investor. The ratings 
assigned to the Class A Notes (if any) should be evaluated independently from similar ratings on other types 
of securities. In addition, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances while the registration application is 
pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant 
non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the ESMA) on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Rating organisations other than the Rating Agencies may seek to rate the Class A Notes and, if such "shadow 
ratings" or "unsolicited ratings" are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to the Class A Notes by the 
Rating Agencies, such shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on the value of the Class A 
Notes. 
There is no assurance that the ratings will continue for any period of time or that they will not be lowered, 
reviewed, suspended or withdrawn by the Rating Agencies. Future events, including events affecting the FCT 
Account Bank, the Paying Agent, the Dedicated Account Bank, the Seller and the Servicer or any party to the 
Transaction Documents could have an adverse effect on the rating of the Class A Notes. There is no specific 
obligation on the FCT, the Management Company, the Custodian, the FCT Account Bank, the Paying Agent,

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
the Dedicated Account Bank, the Seller or the Servicer or any other Person or entity to maintain or procure the 
maintenance of any rating for the Class A Notes. If the ratings initially assigned to the Class A Notes by the 
Rating Agencies are subsequently withdrawn or lowered for any reason, no Person or entity is obliged to 
provide any additional support or credit enhancement to the Class A Notes. 
Rating Agency confirmation in relation to your Class A Programme Notes in respect of certain actions 
The terms of certain Transaction Documents provide that certain actions to be taken by the FCT, the 
Management Company and/or the other parties to the Transaction Documents are contingent on such actions 
not having an adverse effect on the ratings assigned to the Class A Notes. In such circumstances, the 
Management Company may seek confirmation from the Rating Agencies that certain actions proposed to be 
taken by the FCT and the Management Company will not have an adverse effect on the then current ratings of 
the Class A Notes (a Rating Agency Confirmation). 
A Rating Agency Confirmation that any action or inaction proposed to be taken by the FCT or the Management 
Company will not have an adverse effect on the then current ratings of the Class A Notes does not, for example, 
confirm that such action (i) is permitted by the terms of the Transaction Documents or (ii) is in the best interests 
of, or not prejudicial to, the Class A Noteholders. While entitled to have regard to the fact that the Rating 
Agencies have confirmed that the then current ratings of the Class A Notes would not be adversely affected, 
the above does not impose or extend any actual or contingent liability on the Rating Agencies to the Class A 
Noteholders), the FCT, the Management Company or any other Person or create any legal relationship between 
the Rating Agencies and the Class A Noteholders, the Management Company or any other Person whether by 
way of contract or otherwise. In addition the Management Company may, but is not required to, have regard 
to any Rating Agency Confirmation. 
Any such Rating Agency Confirmation may or may not be given at the sole discretion of each Rating Agency. 
Certain Rating Agencies have indicated that they will no longer provide Rating Agency Confirmations as a 
matter of policy. To the extent that a Rating Agency Confirmation cannot be obtained, whether or not a 
proposed action will ultimately take place will be determined in accordance with the provisions of the relevant 
Transaction Documents and specifically the relevant modification and waiver provisions. It should be noted 
that, depending on the nature of the request, the timing of delivery of the request and of any information needed 
to be provided as part of any such request, it may be the case that a Rating Agency cannot provide a Rating 
Agency Confirmation in the time available or at all, and the Rating Agency will not be responsible for the 
consequences thereof. A Rating Agency Confirmation, if given, will be given on the basis of the facts and 
circumstances prevailing at the relevant time and in the context of cumulative changes to the transaction of 
which the securities have formed part since the 2022 Closing Date. A Rating Agency Confirmation represents 
only a restatement of the opinions given as at the 2022 Closing Date and cannot be construed as advice for the 
benefit of any parties to the transaction. 
Where the Transaction Documents allow the Management Company to seek a Rating Agency Confirmation 
and a written request for such Rating Agency Confirmation or response is delivered to each Rating Agency by 
or on behalf of the FCT and (i) (A) one or more Rating Agencies (each such Rating Agency, a Non-Responsive 
Rating Agency) indicates that it does not consider such Rating Agency Confirmation or response necessary 
in the circumstances or that it does not, as a matter of practice or policy, provide such Rating Agency 
Confirmation or response or (B) within 30 days of delivery of such request, no Rating Agency Confirmation 
or response is received and/or such request elicits no statement by such Rating Agency that such Rating Agency 
Confirmation or response could not be given; and (ii) the FCT has otherwise received no indication from that 
Rating Agency that its then current rating of the Class A Notes would be reduced, qualified, withdrawn or put 
on negative watch as a result of such step, action or matter, then such condition to receive a Rating Agency 
Confirmation or response from each Rating Agency shall be modified so that there shall be no requirement for 
the Rating Agency Confirmation or response from the Non-Responsive Rating Agency if the Management 
Company certifies and confirms that (i) a written request for such Rating Agency Confirmation has been 
delivered to each Rating Agency by or on behalf of the FCT and (ii) each of the events in sub-paragraphs (i) 
(A) or (B) and (ii) has occurred. Where a Rating Agency Confirmation is a condition to any action or step 
under any Transaction Document and it is deemed to be modified as a result of a Non-Responsive Rating

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Agency not having responded to the relevant request from the FCT within 30 days, there remains a risk that 
such Non-Responsive Rating Agency may subsequently downgrade, qualify or withdraw the then current 
ratings of the Class A Notes as a result of the action or step. Such a downgrade, qualification or withdrawal to 
the then current ratings of the Class A Notes may have an adverse effect on the value of the Class A Notes. 
There is no assurance that the Class A Programme Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem operations 
The Class A Notes are intended to be held in a manner which will allow Eurosystem eligibility. This means 
that the Class A Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with either Euroclear or Clearstream 
Luxembourg and does not necessarily mean that the Class A Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem (Eurosystem eligible 
collateral) either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria set out in the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the European 
Central Bank (the ECB) of 19 December 2014 on the implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy 
framework (ECB/2014/60), recast, as amended and applicable from time to time. 
In addition, recognition will depend, inter alia, upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria, as 
amended from time to time, including compliance with loan-by-loan reporting in a prescribed format and 
manner. It should be noted that, with effect from 1 October 2021 (but subject to certain transitional provisions), 
amended Eurosystem rules apply to loan-by-loan reporting whereby loan-level reporting via an ESMA-
authorised securitisation repository in compliance with Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation applies. 
Central bank schemes (such as the Eurosystem monetary policy framework for the European Central Bank), 
including emergency liquidity operations introduced by central banks in response to a financial crisis or a 
widespread health crisis (such as the Covid-19 pandemic), provide an important source of liquidity in respect 
of eligible securities. However, relevant eligibility criteria for eligible collateral apply (and will apply in the 
future) under such schemes and liquidity operations.The investors should make their own conclusions and seek 
their own advice with respect to whether or not the Notes constitute eligible collateral for the purposes of any 
of the central bank liquidity schemes. No assurance is given that any Class A Notes will be eligible for any 
specific central bank liquidity schemes. 
None of the Management Company (acting on behalf of the FCT) or the Arranger gives any representation, 
warranty, confirmation or guarantee to any investor in the Class A Notes that the Class A Notes will, either 
upon issue, or at any or at all times during their life, satisfy all or any requirements for Eurosystem eligibility 
and be recognised as Eurosystem eligible collateral or as eligible collateral under any other specific central 
bank liquidity scheme. 
Legality of purchase 
Neither the Management Company, the Custodian, the Arranger nor any of their respective affiliates has or 
assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Class A Notes by a prospective investor, 
whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if 
different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy 
applicable to it. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE PURCHASED RECEIVABLES 
Risk of non-existence of Purchased Receivables  
In the event that any of the Purchased Receivables and related Ancillary Rights have not come into existence 
or are not validly existing at the time of their assignment to the FCT under the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement or belong to Person (e.g. the relevant Manufacturer) other than the Seller, the FCT will not acquire 
title to such Purchased Receivable. The FCT would not receive adequate value in return for its purchase price 
payment. This result is independent of whether or not the FCT, at the time of assignment of the Purchased

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Receivables, is aware of the non-existence and therefore acts in good faith (gutgläubig) with respect to the 
existence of such Purchased Receivable. Under German law, a bona fide acquisition of receivables is not 
possible. This risk of non-purchasing and non-existing receivable will, however, be addressed by contractual 
representations and warranties concerning the existence of each of the Purchased Receivables and the 
contractual obligation of the Seller to pay damages to the FCT in respect of any Purchased Receivables affected 
by such breach. Correspondingly, investors rely on the representations and warranties of the Seller and its 
creditworthiness. The ability of the FCT to make payments on the Class A Notes may be adversely affected if 
no corresponding payments are made by the Seller as such obligation of the Seller is unsecured. 
Assignability of German receivables 
In principle, receivables governed by German law are freely assignable, unless their assignment is excluded 
(i) by mutual agreement, (ii) by the nature of the relevant receivable, or (iii) on the basis of legal restrictions 
applicable thereto. 
Pursuant to Section 354a paragraph 1 of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch, HGB) an 
assignment of payment receivables is valid despite the fact that the assignment is excluded by mutual 
agreement provided that (i) the creditor and the debtor are merchants (Kaufmann) and (ii) the creditor and the 
debtor entered into the contract underlying the assigned receivable in relation to their business 
(Handelsgeschäft). A payment by the debtor of such payment receivable to the former creditor has a 
discharging effect regardless of whether the debtor has any knowledge of the assignment. However, pursuant 
to Section 354a paragraph 2 HGB. the principle set out in Section 354a paragraph 1 HGB does not apply for 
claims arising out of loan agreements where the creditor is a credit institution within the meaning of the German 
Banking Act. Although the German Banking Act only applies directly to German credit institutions and the 
Seller is incorporated in France, it is likely that the counter-exemption stipulated in Section 354a paragraph 2 
HGB will apply in relation to Loan Receivables on the basis that it could be argued that Section 354a paragraph 
2 HGB should be interpreted broadly to apply to all credit institutions irrespective of where they are 
incorporated. In the case where § 354a paragraph 1 HGB applies, i.e. in particular in relation to Trade 
Receivables, payments to the Seller would lead to such Receivable being discharged, i.e. the FCT will not have 
any further claim against the relevant Dealer but only a recourse/indemnification claim against the Seller with 
respect to such Receivable. Accordingly, if payments were made to the Seller with discharging effect, the 
Seller would collect such monies which then are subject to the risk of being commingled with other monies of 
the Seller (see the sections entitled "Commingling"). 
However, the Seller represents and warrants that each sale and transfer of Receivables pursuant to the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement constitutes a valid sale and assignment, enforceable against creditors of the 
Seller and is not prohibited. If such representation and warranty is breached the Seller will be liable for such 
breach. Such obligation of the Seller will not be secured. Correspondingly, investors rely on the representations 
and warranties of the Seller and its creditworthiness. The ability of the FCT to make payments on the Class A 
Notes may be adversely affected if no corresponding payments are made by the Seller. 
Thus, there is a risk that the Class A Noteholders will ultimately not receive the full principal amount of the 
Class A Notes and/or interest thereon. 
Risks from Dealers’ defences and set-off rights against assignment may affect the performance of the 
Purchased Receivables 
Pursuant to Section 404 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch – BGB), each Dealer may invoke 
against the FCT all defences that it had against the Seller at the time of assignment of the Purchased 
Receivables to the FCT. 
Risks relating to set-off rights 
Furthermore, the Dealers may, pursuant to Section 406 BGB set off against the FCT an existing counterclaim 
which the relevant Dealer has against the Seller, unless the Dealer knew of the assignment at the time it

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
acquired the counterclaim, or unless the counterclaim has only become due after (i) the relevant Dealer had 
acquired such knowledge and (ii) maturity of the relevant Purchased Receivable. A counterclaim of the 
relevant Dealer may arise, inter alia, from any claims the relevant Dealer may have against the Seller arising 
from any breach of contract by the Seller, any rebate schemes, bonuses, premiums, provisions etc. or any other 
claims arising from the business relationship between the Seller and the Dealer. In relation to Trade 
Receivables which arise under Sales Contracts between the relevant Manufacturer and the Dealer, the 
statements described in the preceding sentences all apply mutatis mutandis to any right or counterclaim of the 
Dealer may have against a Manufacturer. 
Prior to the notification of the Dealers of the assignment of the Purchased Receivables to the FCT, the FCT 
will be required to give credit to a payment or another act of performance by the Dealers in favour of the Seller 
which has been made after the assignment of the Purchased Receivables (Section 407 BGB). This also applies, 
in lack of a notification of the assignment to the Dealers, to any other legal transaction entered into between 
the Dealer and the Seller in respect of the Purchased Receivables  
In accordance with the Servicing Agreement, the transfer of the Purchased Receivables to the FCT may only 
be notified to the Dealers upon the occurrence of a Seller or Servicer Termination Event. On the other hand, 
the assignment of the Trade Receivables from the relevant Manufacturer to the Seller is disclosed to the 
relevant Dealer in the invoice or by separate notification relating to such Trade Receivable. 
Risks arising from the Dealer's relationship with the relevant Manufacturer 
The Trade Receivables arise from Sales Contracts between the relevant Manufacturer and the Dealer. These 
receivables may therefore, in particular, be affected by the exercise of rights by the Dealer arising from defects 
of the Vehicle or Spare Parts or any other defective performance by the seller under the Sales Contract relating 
to the Vehicle or Spare Parts. Such rights include rights to demand a reduction in the purchase price or to 
rescind the Sales Contract (Rücktritt vom Kaufvertrag) which may result in a partial or total extinction of the 
Trade Receivables, including such Purchased Receivables which RCI has sold to the FCT.  
The Loan Receivables arise under the Dealer Agreement between RCI and the Dealer and therefore under a 
separate legal relationship from the sales arrangements between the Dealer and the relevant Manufacturer as 
seller. While in relation to transactions with consumers, consumers have broad rights to raise defences arising 
from the sales contract in relation to a vehicle also against the bank granting the financing for the acquisition 
of the vehicle to a purchaser under German law, so far German courts have held that non-consumers may in 
general not raise such defences if they arise under separate legal relationships, but no decisions of the Federal 
Supreme Court or Higher Regional Courts are available on this subject and therefore no established 
jurisprudence of such courts exist. The FCT has also been advised that it also appears to be the majority view 
in German legal literature that non-consumers may in general not raise such defences or that they may only 
exercise such rights under exceptional circumstances, for example in relation to small entrepreneurs which are 
not merchants (Kaufleute) within the meaning of the German Commercial Code or in relation to founders of 
new businesses within the meaning of § 512 BGB. However, the analysis changes when the relevant 
Manufacturer cancels the invoice to the Dealer and in accordance with current practices by the Dealer, the 
Seller and the relevant Manufacturer, the repayment of the purchase price from the Manufacturer to the Dealer 
and the repayment of the loan from the Dealer to the Seller are settled by way of netting via the FinanzPlus 
Account. As a result of these practices it appears likely that in such event the Dealer will, with respect to claims 
it may have against the relevant Manufacturer, be entitled to raise defences or exercise a right of set-off against 
the Seller and indirectly the FCT. 
Provisions in the transaction documentation to deal with set-off risk 
In order to be eligible, a Receivable shall not be subject to any set-off right, counterclaim or other defence 
(Einrede oder Einwendung) and, as of the relevant Offer Date, not subject to any litigation or dispute. If it 
appears that such criteria is not satisfied, the transfer of the relevant Receivable shall be automatically 
rescinded.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Correspondingly, investors rely on the representations and warranties of the Seller and its creditworthiness. 
The ability of the FCT to make payments on the Class A Notes may be adversely affected if upon a valid set-
off or exercise of other right on the part of a Dealer no corresponding payments are made by the Seller. Thus, 
there is a risk that the Class A Noteholders will ultimately not receive the full principal amount of the Class A 
Notes and/or interest thereon. 
Risks arising from the use of the FinanzPlus account 
All Dealers currently maintain a FinanzPlus Account with the Seller which is used similarly to a customary 
current account and serves to settle payments that a Dealer has to make to the Seller and that the Dealer receives 
from the Seller, while not permitting any payment and payment settlement functions outside of the Seller-
Dealer relationship (subject to the inclusion of certain payments to and from the relevant Manufacturer and 
certain insurance companies belonging to the group of the Manufacturer). In addition, the FinanzPlus Account 
is also used as a settlement account to settle mutual payment claims between the relevant Manufacturer on the 
one side and the relevant Dealer on the other. Further, in particular claims of the Dealer against the 
Manufacturers and vice versa, interests and fees relating to bookings, retail business or cancellation of retail 
business, credit notes for distribution costs and other transactions as notified from the relevant Manufacturer 
to the Dealer are also settled via this account. The Seller has represented to the FCT that it will not grant a 
credit line to the relevant Dealer in connection with the FinanzPlus Account.  
Following the purchase and assignment of the Purchased Receivables by the FCT, the payments owed by the 
Dealers under such Receivables will continue to be booked to and settled via the FinanzPlus Account on the 
day they become due for payment. On any date such booking and settlement of Purchased Receivables occurs, 
the relevant Purchased Receivables will cease to exist and be settled by way of netting. Due to the fact that the 
FinanzPlus Account of each Dealer is used as a primary settlement account of payment claims payable by or 
to the Dealer arising out of its business relationship with the Seller and the relevant Manufacturer and certain 
of its affiliates, there is a risk that no effective payment will be received from the Dealer. 
In order to reduce the commingling risk resulting from the set-off procedure described above the Servicing 
Agreement provides that on the day the set-off of payment claims booked to the FinanzPlus Account is 
effective (i.e. on the day the relevant payments claims owed by the Dealer become due for payment), the Seller 
is deemed to have received the corresponding payment as a Collection that the Seller is required to transfer to 
an account of the FCT on the day immediately following the day such Deemed Collection is effected. Such a 
clause has the effect that the Seller would be deemed to have received collections on the Receivables prior to 
actually obtaining the funds from the Dealer which are only received thereafter either by way of netting with 
claims owed by the Seller vis-à-vis the relevant Dealer or otherwise by way of direct debit from an account of 
the Dealer. This mechanism set out in the Servicing Agreement is intented to reduce the commingling risk at 
the level of the Seller  due to the fact that, in particular, also payments relating to the Manufacturers are settled 
through this FinanzPlus Account but will only be effective as long as the Seller effectively transfers the 
Collections so received to the FCT in time. 
Risks in the event of breaches by the Seller of its obligations to transfer Collections to the FCT 
If the Seller would be in breach with its duty to transfer the Collections in time, this would constitute a Seller 
or Servicer Termination Event which would entitle the FCT to terminate the appointment of the Seller.  
Further, the Seller has undertaken with the FCT that upon the occurrence of a Seller or Servicer Termination 
Event it will (i) procure that any amounts owed to a Dealer by a Manufacturer under a bonus or incentive 
arrangement are no longer credited to the FinanzPlus Account but will be paid into an account of the relevant 
Dealer held with such Dealer’s respective local bank and (ii) immediately cease to use all FinanzPlus Accounts 
to settle payments due to and from the Dealers and (iii) will immediately terminate all such FinanzPlus 
Accounts of the Dealers. In addition, the transaction provides for credit enhancement for set-off and dilution 
risk (captured under the “Required Credit Enhancement Percentage” definition) covering the risk of set-off in 
the transaction.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
In addition, upon the occurrence of a Seller or Servicer Termination Event all Dealers shall be notified in 
accordance with the Servicing Agreement of the assignment of the Purchased Receivables to the FCT and 
directed to make payments directly to an account specified by the FCT. Following such notification the Dealers 
are generally restricted from any set-off against the Purchased Receivables held by the FCT with any claims 
against the Seller. However, pursuant to Section 406 BGB, a set-off against the FCT is still possible if the 
relevant Dealer's claim against the Seller (i) already existed prior to the notification, and (ii) becomes due after 
the Dealer had been notified of the assignment, but prior to or at the same time as the Purchased Receivable. 
However, if upon the occurrence of a Seller or Servicer Termination Event (i) the FCT - for any reason – does 
not exercise its termination right or (ii) the Seller does not stop using the FinanzPlus Accounts or does not 
terminate all FinanzPlus Accounts of the Dealers or (iii) the FCT or the Seller does not notify the Dealers of 
the assignment of the Purchased Receivables to the FCT promptly, there is a substantial risk of commingling 
and the FCT relies on unsecured claims against the Seller to transfer the Collections.  
If the Seller does not transfer all Collections received or deemed to be received by it or if it does not fulfil all 
indemnity claims that the FCT may bring towards the Seller pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, the FCT may not have sufficient funds to make all payments on the relevant dates under the Class 
A Notes and accordingly payments on the Class A Notes may be adversely affected. 
Risks resulting from other business activities of the Seller with the Dealers 
The Seller has currently no deposit taking activity with the Dealers in Germany. Should the Seller decide to 
launch a deposit taking activity with the Dealers in Germany, potential investors should be aware that the 
potential set-off risk arising therefrom (if any, and subject to the outcome of a legal analysis to be carried out 
at such time) would be mitigated by part of the Class B Loan as the Required Credit Enhancement Percentage 
includes an element calculated on the basis of the amounts of cash deposited by the Dealers in the books of the 
Seller. 
Changing characteristics of the Purchased Receivables during the Revolving Period could result in faster or 
slower repayments and/or greater losses on the Class A Programme Notes  
During the Revolving Period, the amounts that would otherwise have been used to repay the Principal 
Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes or the Class B Loan will be used to purchase further Eligible 
Receivables from the Seller. As some of the Purchased Receivables are prepaid and may default during the 
Revolving Period and repayments are used for the purchase of further Eligible Receivables, the composition 
of the receivables pool will and thus the characteristics of the receivables pool may change after the 2022 
Closing Date, and could be substantially different from the characteristics of the portfolio of Purchased 
Receivables on the 2022 Closing Date. These differences could result in faster or slower repayments or greater 
losses on the Class A Notes than originally expected in relation to the portfolio of Purchased Receivables on 
the 2022 Closing Date. 
Retention of title / Security title provide limited protection to the payment of the Purchased Receivables 
The FCT has acquired and will acquire Trade Receivables from the Seller including the Ancillary Rights and 
Related Security which have included or may include, in particular, retained title (Vorbehaltseigentum) to the 
Vehicles or Spare Parts as the relevant Manufacturers have agreed on a retention of title (Eigentumsvorbehalt) 
with each Dealer under the terms of the relevant Manufacturer Dealer Agreement. 
The FCT has also acquired and will acquire Loan Receivables from the Seller including the Ancillary Rights 
and Related Security which have included or may include, in particular, security title (Sicherungseigentum) to 
the Vehicles as the Seller has agreed on a transfer of security title with each Dealer under the terms of the 
relevant Dealer Agreement. 
According to the Dealer Agreements, each Dealer is entitled (ermächtigt) by the relevant Manufacturers being 
the legal owner (Eigentümer) of a Vehicle and Spare Parts to dispose of such Vehicle and Spare Parts in the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
due course of its car selling business, i.e. if a customer purchases a Vehicle and/or Spare Parts, the Dealer is 
entitled to transfer the legal title to such Vehicle and/or Spare Parts to such customer. In turn, the corresponding 
purchase price claim will be assigned to the relevant Manufacturers for security purposes 
(Sicherungsabtretung) and on-transferred to the Seller under the relevant Factoring Agreement and finally to 
the FCT as part of the Related Security to a Purchased Receivable. 
However, at the same time as the customer acquires legal title to the Vehicle and/or Spare Parts, the retained 
title or security title, as the case may be, of the FCT have been or will be extinguished. The claims of the FCT 
have been or will then be restricted to such payment claims vis-à-vis the purchaser of the relevant Vehicle or 
Spare Parts and, upon receipt of such payment by the relevant Dealer, to a claim against the relevant Dealer to 
forward such payment to the Seller and the FCT and, thus, has been or will be exposed to the Dealer’s credit 
risk, i.e. there is a possibility that the relevant Dealer might not be willing or able to pay any amounts due to 
the FCT. Therefore, there is the risk that the Class A Noteholders will ultimately not receive the full principal 
amount of the Class A Notes and/or interest thereon. 
Ancillary Rights and Related Security  
Each Receivable sold by the Seller to the FCT shall include, the Ancillary Rights and Related Security of the 
Seller in relation to such Receivable.  
Ancillary Rights and Related Security may rank subordinate to the security granted by a Dealer over its assets 
to other creditors. If another Person acquires a security interest in a related Financed Vehicle and/or related 
Financed Spare Parts that is superior to the FCT’s security interest (for example due to statutory law, e.g. the 
lien of a landlord pursuant to §§ 578, 562 BGB, the lien of a forwarder pursuant to § 464 German Commercial 
Code, the lien of a carrier pursuant to § 440 German Commercial Code) or, in relation to Financed Spare Parts 
only, where the FCT does not or no longer have any security interest, the proceeds from the sale of that 
Financed Vehicle and/or that Financed Spare Parts may not be available to make payments on the Class A 
Notes.  
At the same time the Financed Spare Parts are further processed (verarbeitet) to a new movable item pursuant 
to § 950 BGB or combined with another movable item (Verbindung mit einer beweglichen Sache), e.g. with a 
Vehicle, pursuant to § 947 BGB, the retained title of the FCT will be extinguished. The claims of the FCT will 
then be restricted to such payment claims vis-à-vis the owner of new product (e.g. the relevant Vehicle), i.e. 
the Person who created the new movable item by processing or combining the relevant movable item (most 
likely a Manufacturer), and, upon receipt of such payment by the relevant Dealer, to a claim against the relevant 
Dealer to forward such payment to the Seller and the FCT and, thus, will be exposed to the Dealer’s credit 
risk, i.e. there is a possibility that the relevant Dealer might not be willing or able to pay any amounts due to 
the FCT. Therefore, there is the risk that the Class A Noteholders will ultimately not receive the full principal 
amount of the Class A Notes and/or interest thereon. 
Where the relevant Dealer is subject to insolvency proceedings, the FCT would be able to exercise its Ancillary 
Rights and Related Security, in particular the security title over the Financed Vehicles and retained title to the 
Financed Spare Parts, if the conditions to exercise such rights are satisfied, as follows: 
The FCT would have a right for separate satisfaction (Absonderungsrecht) in respect of the Financed Vehicles 
and Spare Parts in case of insolvency proceedings against the relevant Dealer. Pursuant to §§ 166 and 51 No. 
1 of the German Insolvency Code, the insolvency administrator is entitled to realise security relating to 
moveable assets subject to a right for separate satisfaction (Absonderungsrecht) itself provided it is in 
possession of such assets. The proceeds from such enforcement would have to be transferred to the FCT. 
However, the insolvency administrator would be entitled to retain approximately 9 % determination costs and 
enforcement costs (or even higher under certain conditions) plus VAT (if applicable). Accordingly, the FCT 
may have to share in the costs of any insolvency proceedings of the relevant Dealer, thereby reducing the 
amount of money available to repay the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Standard Business Terms  
German provisions on standard business terms (Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen) set out in Sections 305 et 
seqq. BGB apply to the standard form documents such as the Dealer Agreements. Standard forms may be 
subject to challenge by individual clients of the relevant user of such standard forms or by way of class action 
of certain competent associations before German courts. 
Even though designed as consumer protections rules, said provisions do not only apply if the counterparty is a 
consumer but also if the counterparty is a merchant (Kaufmann). In case of standard business terms being used 
among merchants (Kaufleute), the majority of circumstances described in Sections 308 and 309 BGB serve as 
evidence for invalid provisions in general business terms under Section 307 BGB. Section 307 BGB provides, 
inter alia, that provisions in standard business terms are void if, contrary to the requirement of good faith, they 
unreasonably disadvantage the other party to the contract. It should be noted that the contractual limits 
stipulated by Section 307 BGB in connection with the principle of good faith are under continuing development 
and alterable interpretation by German courts. 
If a Dealer Agreement (or part of its provisions) relating to a Receivable proves not to be legally valid due to 
a non-compliance with German provisions on standard business terms (Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen) 
and, as a consequence, the Receivable assigned to the FCT does not exist, the FCT will only have damage 
claims for breach of representations and warranties against the Seller under the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and, therefore, be exposed to the credit risk of the Seller. The ability of the FCT to make payments 
on the Class A Notes may be adversely affected if no corresponding payments are made by the Seller as such 
obligation of the Seller is unsecured. 
Subsequent Purchases of Receivables 
Subject to the Seller being able to generate Eligible Receivables and satisfaction of the conditions precedent 
for the acquisition of Eligible Receivables by the FCT, it is the intention of the Seller to sell from time to time 
further Eligible Receivables to the FCT during the Revolving Period. From the 2022 Closing Date, the FCT 
will acquire further Eligible Receivables from the Seller on the same terms and conditions as the Purchased 
Receivables assigned to the FCT on the 2022 Closing Date. However, there is no guarantee as to the frequency 
with which the Seller will sell Eligible Receivables to the FCT or the amount of Eligible Receivables that will 
be sold on any such occasion. There can therefore be no certainty as to the rate at which the FCT will amortise 
the Class A Notes. 
Termination for Serious Cause (Kündigung aus wichtigem Grund)  
As a general principle of German law, any contract providing for continuing obligations 
(Dauerschuldverhältnis) may be terminated for serious cause (wichtiger Grund). This right may neither be 
entirely excluded nor may it be unreasonably exacerbated or linked to consent from a third party. As a 
consequence, if applicable, a Loan Contract may be subject to termination for serious cause (wichtiger Grund). 
An important cause exists in particular in case of an extraordinary termination of a Dealer Agreement between 
the Dealer and a Manufacturer. This may apply even if the documents contain any limitations of the right of 
the parties to terminate for serious cause (wichtiger Grund). Such an early termination for serious cause will 
lead to an early extinction of the relevant Purchased Receivable and a corresponding early repayment 
obligation of the Dealer under such Loan Contract, however, without the obligation of the Dealer to pay a 
compensation for such early termination. Therefore, there is a risk that the FCT and, subsequently, the Class A 
Noteholders will ultimately not receive the full principal amount of the Class A Notes and/or interest thereon.  
Performance of Purchased Receivables is generally uncertain 
The payment of principal and interest on the Class A Notes is, inter alia, conditional on the performance of the 
Purchased Receivables. Accordingly, the Class A Noteholders will be exposed to the credit risk of the related 
Dealers and the rate of recovery on the Purchased Receivables upon the relevant Dearler’s default.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
The performance of the Purchased Receivables depends on a number of factors, including general economic 
conditions, the circumstances of the related individual Dealers, the RCI Banque's underwriting and 
management procedures at origination and the success of RCI Banque's servicing, collection and realisation 
strategies. Consequently, no accurate prediction can be made of how the Purchased Receivables will perform 
based on credit evaluation scores or other similar measures. 
This situation could have a material adverse impact on the payments by the Dealers in respect of the Purchased 
Receivables and on the recovery performance of the Servicer for Defaulted Receivables, which could result in 
the Class A Noteholders suffering from a risk of principal loss and/or a reduction on the yield thereunder. 
Payment on the Class A Programme Notes is dependent upon the Manufacturers' and the Seller's business 
prospects 
The Purchased Receivables arise out of the financing provided by the Seller to Dealers. The level of origination 
of new Receivables therefore may be affected by the Manufacturers’ continuing ability to manufacture vehicles 
and to maintain franchise Dealer relationships, upon the Seller’s ability to provide such financing. Investors 
should consider the ongoing business prospects of the Manufacturers and the Seller in deciding whether to 
purchase the Class A Notes.  
Economic and social factors could lead to slower retail sales of the Vehicles and slower origination of 
Receivables, resulting in accelerated, reduced or delayed payments on the Class A Programme Notes 
The FCT purchases Receivables owing by Dealers originated by the Seller which the Seller warrants are 
Eligible Receivables. The volume and frequency with which the Seller can transfer Receivables to the FCT is 
dependent on its ability to originate them. The Seller’s ability to originate Receivables is dependent, inter alia, 
on the continued sale of Vehicles by Dealers to end-customers and also on their ability or the ability of the 
relevant Manufacturer to offer attractive terms of credit to Dealers or end-customers, as the case may be. The 
level of sales of Vehicles may change because of a variety of economic and social factors. Economic factors 
include interest rates, unemployment levels, the rate of inflation and consumer perception of general economic 
conditions. The Seller's ability to compete in the current industry environment will affect its ability to generate 
new Receivables and could also affect payment patterns on the Receivables. The use of incentive programmes 
(e.g., Manufacturers' rebate programmes and low-interest-rate financing) may also affect retail sales and all 
other sales. Social factors include consumer perception of Manufacturer-branded products in the marketplace 
and consumer demand for vehicles and spare parts generally. The extent to which economic or social factors 
will affect the level of retail sales cannot be predicted or determined. Any significant decline in the level of 
retail sales or Receivables origination could result in accelerated, reduced or delayed payments on the Class A 
Notes. 
Additionally, in early March 2020, COVID-19, a disease caused by a novel strain of the coronavirus SARS-
CoV-2, was characterized as a pandemic by the World Health Organisation (Covid-19). Since December 2019, 
COVID-19 has spread rapidly, with most countries and territories worldwide having confirmed cases of the 
disease. Rapid spread has resulted in governmental authorities implementing numerous measures to contain 
the virus, such as travel restrictions and bans, quarantines, social-distancing and stringent hygiene/sanitation 
requirements, and mandated business closures. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and these containment 
measures have had, and may continue to have, a substantial negative impact on economies globally, including 
the German economy and any future outbreaks could have an adverse impact on the global economy in general 
and Dealers may also face difficulties in paying amounts due under the relevant Receivables Contract relating 
to the Purchased Receivables as a result of illness or inability to work as a result of any social distancing 
measures adopted by the German Government. 
This situation could have a material adverse impact on the payments by the Dealers in respect of the Purchased 
Receivables and on the recovery performance of the Servicer for Defaulted Receivables, which could result in 
the Class A Noteholders suffering from a risk of principal loss and/or a reduction on the yield thereunder.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
A decrease in the repayment rate by the Dealers could result in reduced or delayed payments on the Class A 
Programme Notes or could trigger an Early Amortisation Event 
The payment of principal on the Class A Notes will depend primarily on Dealers payments on the Receivables. 
Accordingly, the FCT and the Noteholders will be exposed to the credit risk of the Dealers. Pursuant to the 
terms of the relevant Dealer Agreements, Dealers are generally required to repay a Loan Receivable on the 
earlier of (a) the last day of the term of the respective financing or (b) upon the sale, renting or leasing and 
handing over of the underlying Financed Vehicle/vehicle documents and the repayment of the Trade 
Receivable on the payment due date which may be up to 90 or 180 days, as the case may be, after the invoice 
date. The timing of these sales is uncertain, and there can be no assurance that any particular pattern of 
repayments by Dealers will occur. The actual amount of Collections will depend on such factors as the rate of 
repayment and the rate of default of Dealers. Any significant decline in the repayment rate could result in 
reduced or delayed payments on the Class A Notes. A significant decline in the repayment rate could cause a 
Pool Payment Rate Trigger Event and trigger an Early Amortisation Event, consequences of which are 
described in the section entitled "General Considerations – Early Amortisation of the Class A Notes". 
Increased competition 
Regulation (EU) no. 461/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 May 2010 (the Automotive 
Regulation) came into effect on 1 June 2010. The Automotive Regulation contains a number of provisions 
which attempt to transfer more power and control from the manufacturer to the automotive dealers and other 
vehicle distributors with its primary objective being to introduce a greater degree of competition into the 
European retail automotive industry. The combination of this Automotive Regulation with current excess 
vehicle capacity in the European vehicle market may have an upward or downward effect on the vehicle prices 
in Germany. Should there be a downward pressure on prices this may adversely affect the profitability of the 
Manufacturers, the Seller or the Dealers. Under a selective distribution (chosen by the majority of 
manufacturers including the Manufacturers) manufacturers are no longer able to allocate exclusive sales 
territories to dealers, and therefore dealers are able to actively sell to customers on a national and European 
basis. In an increasingly competitive environment, dealers may continue to seek economies of scale through 
consolidation, leading to the emergence of larger, multi-brand dealers which may negotiate greater discounts. 
Dealers are expected to become more selective about which models they stock, and exert greater pressure on 
manufacturers to reduce stocking costs. Some Dealers credit losses may increase as dealers consolidation 
continues, squeezing smaller operators out of the market. In addition, it could lead to an increase in cross 
border trade. 
Together the new Automotive Regulation and current excess vehicle capacity in the European vehicle market 
could result in decreased availability of Eligible Receivables and/or decreased numbers of Eligible Dealers. 
Should there be a substantial decrease in the amount of Eligible Receivables generated, this could result in an 
Early Amortisation Event or an Optional Partial Amortisation Event. 
Increased losses could result in accelerated, reduced or delayed payments 
Losses could increase significantly for various reasons, including changes in the local, regional or national 
economies or due to the other events. Any significant increase in losses on the Receivables could result in 
accelerated, reduced or delayed payments on the Class A Notes. 
No independent investigation  
None of the FCT, the FCT Cash Manager, the Custodian, the Management Company or the Arranger has 
undertaken or will undertake any investigations, searches or other actions to verify the details of the 
Receivables or to establish the creditworthiness of any Dealer. 
Each such Person will rely solely on representations and warranties given by the Seller in respect of, inter alia, 
the Purchased Receivables and the Dealers.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, the transfer of a Purchased Receivable which 
breaches the representations and warranties given by the Seller as at the date of purchase by the FCT including 
one which does not conform to the Eligibility Criteria, will automatically be deemed null and void (résolu) 
without any further formalities and the Seller shall pay the Face Amount of such Purchased Receivable as at 
its Purchase Date less any Collections relating to the principal of such Purchased Receivable since its Purchase 
Date. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
Regulatory initiatives may have an adverse impact on the regulatory treatment of the Class A Programme 
Notes and/or decrease liquidity in respect of the Class A Programme Notes 
In Europe, the U.S., and elsewhere there is increased political and regulatory scrutiny of the asset-backed 
securities industry. This has resulted in multiple measures for increased regulation which are at various stages 
 
certain investors in 
 
act on the regulatory position of
dverse imp
of implementation and which may have an a
backed securities, and may 
-
the incentives for certain investors to hold asset
on 
securitisation exposures and/or 
Investors in the 
 .
thereby affect the liquidity of such securities
Class A Notes are responsible for analysing their 
own regulatory position, and should consult their own advisers in this respect. None of the FCT, the 
Management Company, the Custodian, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash Manager, the Paying Agent, the 
Listing Agent, the Data Protection Trustee, the Arranger or the Seller makes any representation to any 
prospective investor or purchaser of the Class A Notes regarding the regulatory treatment of their investment 
on the date of this Base Prospectus or at any time in the future. 
Prudential regulation reforms under Basel or other frameworks may have an adverse impact on the regulatory 
capital treatment of the Class A Programme Notes.  
Investors should note in particular that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) has approved a 
series of significant changes to the Basel framework for prudential regulation (such changes being referred to 
by the BCBS as Basel III, and referred to, colloquially, as Basel III in respect of reforms finalised prior to 7 
December 2017 and Basel IV in respect of reforms finalised on or following that date). The Basel III/IV 
reforms, which include revisions to the credit risk framework in general and the securitisation framework in 
particular, may result in increased regulatory capital and/or other prudential requirements in respect of 
securitisation positions. The BCBS continues to work on new policy initiatives. National implementation of 
the Basel III/IV reforms may vary, including as to their timing. It should also be noted that changes to 
prudential requirements have been made for insurance and reinsurance undertakings through participating 
jurisdiction initiatives, such as the Solvency II framework in Europe. Investors in the Class A Notes are 
responsible for analysing their own regulatory position and prudential regulation treatment applicable to the 
Class A Notes and should consult their own advisers in this respect. 
Non-compliance with the Securitisation Regulation regimes in the EU may have an adverse impact on the 
regulatory treatment of the Class A Programme Notes and/or may decrease the liquidity of the Class A 
Programme Notes 
The Securitisation Regulation applies in general (subject to certain grandfathering) from 1 January 2019 and, 
from 9 April 2021, the Securitisation Regulation applies as amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/557. However, 
some legislative measures necessary for the full implementation of the Securitisation Regulation regime have 
not yet been finalised and compliance with certain requirements is subject to the application of transitional 
provisions. Further amendments are expected to be introduced to the Securitisation Regulation regime as a 
result of its wider review which the European Commission is expected to report on in 2022. 
The Securitisation Regulation establishes certain common rules for all securitisations that fall within its scope 
(including recast of pre-1 January 2019 risk retention and investor due diligence regimes).

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
The Securitisation Regulation has direct effect in member states of the EU and, once the Securitisation 
Regulation is incorporated into the EEA Agreement, it will apply more broadly in the EEA, including Iceland, 
Norway and Liechtenstein. 
The Securitisation Regulation requirements apply to the Class A Notes. As such, certain EU-regulated 
institutional investors, which include relevant credit institutions, investment firms, authorised alternative 
investment fund managers, insurance and reinsurance undertakings, certain undertakings for the collective 
investment of transferable securities and certain regulated pension funds (institutions for occupational 
retirement provision), are required to comply under Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation, with certain due 
diligence requirements prior to holding a securitisation position and on an ongoing basis while holding the 
position. Among other things, prior to holding a securitisation position, such institutional investors are required 
to verify under their regime certain matters with respect to compliance of the relevant transaction parties with 
credit granting standards, risk retention and transparency requirements.  
If the relevant European-regulated institutional investor elects to acquire or holds the Class A Notes having 
failed to comply with one or more of these requirements, as applicable to them under their EU regime, this 
may result in the imposition of a penal capital charge on the Class A Notes for institutional investors subject 
to regulatory capital requirements or a requirement to take corrective action, in the case of a certain type of 
regulated fund investors. Aspects of the requirements of the Securitisation Regulation and what is or will be 
required to demonstrate compliance to national regulators remain unclear. Prospective investors should 
therefore make themselves aware of the requirements applicable to them in their respective jurisdictions and 
are required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information described in this Base 
Prospectus generally for the purposes of complying with such due diligence requirements under the 
Securitisation Regulation and any corresponding national measures which may be relevant. 
Various parties to the securitisation transaction described in this Base Prospectus (including the Seller, the 
Arranger and the FCT) are also subject to the requirements of the Securitisation Regulation. However, some 
uncertainty remains in relation to the interpretation of some of these requirements and what is or will be 
required to demonstrate compliance to national regulators. 
Prospective investors are referred to the Section entitled "Regulatory Requirements" and "General 
Information" on page 177 for further details and should note that there can be no assurance that the information 
in this Base Prospectus or to be made available to investors in accordance with Article 7 of the Securitisation 
Regulation will be adequate for any prospective institutional investors to comply with their due diligence 
obligations under the Securitisation Regulation. 
Prospective investors in the Class A Notes are responsible for analysing their own regulatory position, and 
should consult their own advisers in this respect. 
The Class A Notes are not intended to be designated as an STS securitisation for the purposes of the 
Securitisation Regulation or the UK Securitisation Regulation. Prospective investors are themselves 
responsible for analysing their own regulatory position, and should consult their own advisers in this respect 
and should consider (and where appropriate, take independent advice on) the consequence from a regulatory 
perspective of the Class A Notes not being considered an STS securitisation in the EU or the UK, including 
(but not limited to) that the lack of such designation may negatively affect the regulatory position of, and the 
capital charges on, the Class A Notes and, in addition, have a negative effect on the price and liquidity of the 
Class A Notes in the secondary market. 
UK Securitisation Regulation 
From 1 January 2021, relevant UK-established or UK-regulated persons are subject to the Securitisation 
Regulation (as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK as “retained EU law” by virtue of the EUWA), and 
as amended by the Securitisation (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the Securitisation EU Exit 
Regulations, and as may be further amended, the UK Securitisation Regulation). The UK Securitisation 
Regulation comprises, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, substantively very similar provisions to the

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Securitisation Regulation, save for EU-specific references having been deleted and/or replaced with UK-
specific references pursuant to various UK statutory instruments. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, like 
the Securitisation Regulation, the UK Securitisation Regulation also includes risk retention and transparency 
requirements (imposed variously on the FCT, originator, sponsor and/or original lender of a securitisation) and 
due diligence requirements which are imposed, under the UK Securitisation Regulation on UK Affected 
Investors (as defined below) in a securitisation. 
Article 5 of the UK Securitisation Regulation places certain conditions on investments in a "securitisation" (as 
defined in the UK Securitisation Regulation) (the UK Due Diligence Requirements) by an "institutional 
investor" (as defined in the UK Securitisation Regulation). The UK Due Diligence Requirements also apply 
to investments by certain consolidated affiliates, wherever established or located, of such institutional investors 
which are CRR firms (as defined by Article 4(1)(2A) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as it forms part of the 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA) (such affiliates, together with all such institutional investors, 
UK Affected Investors). The UK Securitisation Regulation regime is currently subject to a review, which is 
likely to result in further changes being introduced in the UK in due course. Therefore, some divergence 
between EU and UK regimes exists already and the risk of more divergence in the future between EU and UK 
regimes cannot be ruled out. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the UK Securitisation Regulation is not applicable to the Seller or the 
FCT. However, potential investors may note that (a) the Seller commits to retain a material net economic 
interest with respect to the securitisation described in this Base Prospectus in compliance with Article 6(3)(d) 
of the Securitisation Regulation only and not also in compliance with Article 6 of the UK Securitisation 
Regulation; and (b) the Management Company, as the reporting entity will make use of the standardised 
templates developed by ESMA in respect of the transparency requirements set out in Article 7 of the 
Securitisation Regulation for the purposes of the securitisation described in this Base Prospectus only and will 
not make use of the standardised templates adopted by the FCA. 
No assurance can be given that the information included in this Base Prospectus or provided by the Seller and 
the FCT in accordance with the Securitisation Regulation will be sufficient for the purposes of assisting such 
UK Affected Investors in complying with their due diligence obligations under Article 5 of the UK 
Securitisation Regulation and prospective UK Affected Investors are therefore required to independently 
assess and determine the sufficiency of the information described in this Base Prospectus for the purposes of 
complying with the UK Securitisation Regulation, and any corresponding national measures which may be 
relevant to investors, and no assurance can be given that this is the case. Neither the FCT, the Seller, the 
Servicer, the Arranger nor any other transaction party gives any representation or assurance that such 
information described in this Base Prospectus is sufficient in all circumstances for such purposes 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
The U.S. Risk Retention Rules came into effect on 24 December 2016 and generally require the “securitiser” 
of a “securitisation transaction” to retain at least 5% of the “credit risk” of “securitised assets”, as such terms 
are defined for the purposes of that statute, and generally prohibit a “securitiser” from directly or indirectly 
eliminating or reducing its credit exposure by hedging or otherwise transferring the credit risk that the 
“securitiser” is required to retain. The U.S. Risk Retention Rules provide that the securitiser of an asset-backed 
securitisation is its sponsor. The U.S. Risk Retention Rules also provide for certain exemptions from the risk 
retention obligation that they generally impose.  
For the purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, the Seller, as sponsor under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, 
does not intend to retain the minimum 5% of the credit risk of the securitised assets, but rather intends to rely 
on an exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules regarding non-U.S. transactions. 
Such non-U.S. transactions must meet certain requirements, including that: 
(1) the transaction is not required to be and is not registered under the Securities Act;

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
(2) no more than 10% of the dollar value (or equivalent amount in the currency in which the “ABS interests” 
(as defined in Section 2 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) are issued) of all classes of ABS interests issued in 
the securitisation transaction are sold or transferred to or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, Risk Retention U.S. Persons); 
(3) neither the sponsor nor the issuer of the securitisation transaction is organised under U.S. law nor is a 
branch of a non-U.S. entity located in the United States; and 
(4) no more than 25% of the underlying collateral was acquired from a majority-owned affiliate or branch of 
the sponsor or issuer organised or located in the United States. The portfolio will comprise Purchased 
Receivables (and any Ancillary Rights attached thereto) all of which are or will be originated by the Seller, a 
credit institution incorporated and licensed in France (for further information please refer to the Section entitled 
“Description of RCI Banque”). The Class A Notes may not be purchased by Risk Retention U.S. Persons.  
Prospective investors should note that the definition of U.S. person in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is different 
from the definition of U.S. person under Regulation S, and that persons who are not "U.S. persons" under 
Regulation S may be U.S. persons under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. The definition of U.S. person in the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules is excerpted below. Particular attention should be paid to clauses (b) and (h), which 
are different from comparable provisions in Regulation S. 
Under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, and subject to limited exceptions, U.S. person (and Risk Retention U.S. 
Person in this Base Prospectus) means any of the following:  
(a) 
any natural person resident in the United States;  
(b) 
any partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other organisation or entity organised or 
incorporated under the laws of any State or of the United States;  
(c) 
any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause 
of this definition); 
(d) 
any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of this definition); 
(e) 
any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States;  
(f) 
any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 
other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of this 
definition); 
(g) 
any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary organised, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and  
(h) 
any partnership, corporation, limited liability company, or other organisation or entity if:  
(i) 
organised or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and  
(ii) 
formed by a U.S. person (as defined under any other clause of this definition) principally for 
the purpose of investing in securities not registered under the Securities Act.  
None of the Seller, the FCT, the Management Company, the Custodian nor the Arranger nor any of their 
respective affiliates makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Class A Notes as 
to whether the transactions described in this Base Prospectus comply as a matter of fact with the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules on the Closing Date or at any time in the future. Investors should consult their own advisers 
as to the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on 
any investor or otherwise. There can be no assurance that the exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Risk Retention Rules regarding non-U.S. transactions will be available. The Arranger will fully rely on 
representations made by potential investors and therefore the Arranger or any person who controls them or any 
director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate of the Arranger shall have no responsibility for determining the 
proper characterisation of potential investors for such restriction or for determining the availability of the 
exemption provided for in Section 20 of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, and the Arranger or any person who 
controls it or any director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate of the Arranger does not accept any liability or 
responsibility whatsoever for any such determination or characterisation.  
Failure of the transaction described in this Base Prospectus or of the Seller to comply with the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules (regardless of the reason for such failure to comply) could give rise to regulatory action which 
may adversely affect the market value of any Class of Notes or Series of Notes and/or the ability of the Seller 
to perform its obligations. Furthermore, the impact of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules on the securitisation 
market generally is uncertain, and a failure by a transaction to comply with the risk retention requirements of 
the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could negatively affect the market value and secondary market liquidity of the 
Class A Notes. 
Volcker Rule may restrict the ability of any prospective purchaser to invest in the Class A Programme Notes 
The Volcker Rule generally prohibits "banking entities" (which is broadly defined to include U.S. banks and 
bank holding companies and many non-U.S. banking entities, together with their respective subsidiaries and 
other affiliates) from (i) engaging in proprietary trading, (ii) acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in or 
sponsoring a "covered fund" and (iii) entering into certain relationships with such funds. The Volcker Rule 
became effective on 1 April 2014, but was subject to a conformance period for certain funds which concluded 
on 21 July 2015. Under the Volcker Rule, unless otherwise jointly determined otherwise by specified federal 
regulators, a "covered fund" does not include an issuer that may rely on an exclusion or exemption from the 
definition of "investment company" under the Investment Company Act other than the exclusions contained 
in Section 3(c)(1) and Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act.  
The FCT is of the view that it is not now, and immediately after giving effect to the offering and sale of the 
Class A Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof on the relevant Issue Date will not be, a "covered 
fund" for the purposes of the Investment Company Act and under the Volcker Rule and its related regulations. 
In forming such a view, the FCT has relied on the determination that it would satisfy all of the elements of the 
loan securitisation exclusion provided for by section _10(c)(8) of the Volcker Rule.  
The general effects of the Volcker Rule remain uncertain. There is limited interpretive guidance regarding the 
Volcker Rule, and implementation of the regulatory framework for the Volcker Rule is still evolving. 
Regulators in the United States may promulgate further regulatory changes. No assurance can be given as to 
the impact of such changes on the Class A Notes and prospective investors should be aware that the Volcker 
Rule’s prohibitions and lack of interpretive guidance could negatively impact the liquidity and value of the 
Class A Notes. 
Any prospective investor in the Class A Notes, including a U.S. or foreign bank or a subsidiary or other affiliate 
thereof, should consult its own legal advisers regarding such matters and other effects of the Volcker Rule. 
Change of law may adversely impact the Transaction 
The structure of the issue of the Class A Notes and the ratings which are to be assigned to them are based on 
French law, regulatory, accounting and administrative practice in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
and having due regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under French tax law as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to French law, 
regulatory, accounting or administrative practice in France or to French tax law, or the interpretation or 
administration thereof. Likewise the terms and conditions of the Class A Notes are based on French law in 
effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change in French law or the official application or interpretation of French law after the date of 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Force Majeure 
Further, the occurrence of certain events beyond the reasonable control of the FCT and the Seller including 
strike, lock out, labour dispute, act of God, war, riot, civil commotion, pandemic, malicious damage, accident, 
computer software, hardware or system failure, fire, flood or storm may lead to a reduction on, or delay to or 
misallocation of, the payments received from the Dealers or result in the suspension of the obligations of the 
parties under the Transaction Documents, which may adversely affect the ability of the FCT to make payments 
of principal and interest in respect of the Class A Notes. 
No direct exercise of rights by the Class A Noteholders 
The Management Company is required under French law to represent the FCT and to further act in the best 
interests of the Class A Noteholders and the Residual Unitholders. The Management Company has the 
exclusive right to exercise contractual rights against the parties which have entered into agreements with the 
FCT, including the Seller and the Servicer. The Class A Noteholders and the Residual Unitholders do not have 
the right to give directions (except where expressly provided in the Transaction Documents) or to claim against 
the Management Company in relation to the exercise of their respective rights or to exercise any such rights 
directly. 
No regulation of the FCT by a regulatory authority 
The FCT is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any current securities, commodities or 
banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. The scenario whereby regulatory authorities in one or more 
jurisdictions would take a contrary view regarding the applicability of any such laws to the FCT and submit 
the FCT to other local laws and requirements cannot be completely excluded. The taking of such a contrary 
view by any such regulatory authority could, as a result, have an adverse impact on the FCT or the Class A 
Noteholders. 
An investment in any Class A Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of 
any deposit protection scheme. 
Eligible Investments 
The temporary available funds standing to the credit of the FCT Accounts (prior to their allocation and 
distribution) may be invested by the FCT Cash Manager in Eligible Investments. The value of the Eligible 
Investments may fluctuate depending on the financial markets and the FCT may be exposed to a credit risk in 
relation to the FCT of such Eligible Investments. Neither the Management Company, the Custodian, the FCT 
Account Bank nor the FCT Cash Manager guarantees the market value of the Eligible Investments. The 
Management Company, the Custodian, the FCT Account Bank and the FCT Cash Manager shall not be liable 
if the market value of any of the Eligible Investments fluctuates and decreases.  
Forecasts and Estimates 
Any projections, forecasts and estimates contained in this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements. 
Such projections are speculative in nature and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions underlying 
the projections will not prove to be wholly correct or will vary from actual results. Consequently, the actual 
results might differ from the projections and such differences might be significant. 
French insolvency proceedings 
If any of the French parties involved in the transaction (including, but not limited to, the Seller, the 
Management Company or the Custodian), become the subject of French insolvency proceedings as a result of 
a cessation of payments (cessation des paiements), the competent court would decide whether to liquidate the 
company immediately or, if it considered that there were reasonable prospects that the business of the company 
was capable of survival, the court would start a recovery proceeding (procédure de redressement judiciaire)

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
and open an observation period (période d'observation). During that period, an administrator (administrateur) 
appointed by the court would investigate the affairs of the company and make proposals for the reorganisation 
or the sales of its business. At the end of the observation period, which can last for a maximum of 18 months, 
the court would make an order either for the reorganisation and/or the sale of the business, or the liquidation 
of the company. During the observation period, it would not be possible to pursue any insolvent party for 
failure to perform its obligations originated before the judicial decision opening the insolvency proceeding 
through legal proceedings (but this will not prevent the FCT from exercising its rights over the Collections 
pursuant to the Dedicated Account Agreement). In addition, French insolvency law would prevent the 
termination by any party of any agreement (including the acceleration of the Dealer Agreements) to which the 
party which is the subject of the French insolvency proceedings is a party by reason of its insolvency or by 
reason of any event closely connected with insolvency. The administrator can be required to decide, within a 
maximum of three months following a request, whether to continue the performance of the relevant agreement 
or to allow the agreement to be terminated. Termination may give rise to an unsecured claim for damages. The 
administrator can also decide within this period whether or not to terminate certain agreements. 
French insolvency law set out in Articles L. 620-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code includes a protection 
proceeding (procédure de sauvegarde) in respect of a debtor subject to difficulties which it cannot overcome. 
In such situation, the competent court would open an observation period (période d'observation) and appoint 
an administrator (administrateur) and/or a judicial agent (mandataire judiciaire). During that period (which 
can last up to 18 months) the administrator will assist the debtor in establishing a restructuring plan. At the end 
of the observation period, the court would decide whether to adopt this plan. The regime applicable to the 
debtor during the observation period within a recovery proceeding as referred to above is similar as regards 
the observation period within a protection proceeding.  
An accelerated safeguard proceeding (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) may be opened against a company, 
at such company’s request if: 
(a) 
it is subject to a conciliation proceeding (procédure de conciliation); 
(b) 
the company has prepared a safeguard plan ensuring the continued operation of the company which 
has enough support from its creditors to render likely its adoption; 
(c) 
the company has its annual accounts either regularly certified by a statutory auditor (commissaire aux 
comptes) or drawn up by a certified public accountant (expert-comptable); 
(d) 
the company has more than 20 employees, or its turnover exceeds €3 million, or its total assets exceeds 
€1.5 million; and 
(e) 
the company was not in a situation of cessation of payments (cessation des paiements) for more than 
45 days when it requested the opening of conciliation proceeding (procédure de conciliation) within 
the same 45-day period. 
Committees of creditors (one for credit institutions and one for commercial creditors) are established (in 
companies having at least 150 employees or a turnover of €20 million or in other cases upon decision of the 
juge commissaire) to negotiate the restructuring plan. Plans voted by such committees (by qualified majority) 
will become, upon court approval, enforceable against all creditors members of such committees. 
In the case of a recovery proceeding or protection proceeding, creditors have to file a declaration of their claims 
with the creditors' representative appointed by the Court, within two months following the publication of the 
judgment opening any such insolvency proceeding. 
Specific status of the Seller and Servicer 
RCI Banque being licensed as a credit institution (établissement de crédit) by the French Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution (the ACPR), is required to comply with specific rules of organisation, reporting

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
requirements and regulatory ratios. In addition, the Code provides that no insolvency proceedings may be 
opened by a court against a credit institution without having first obtained the opinion (avis) of the ACPR. The 
latter may also designate a provisional administrator (administrateur provisoire) or a liquidator (liquidateur) 
of its own, in addition to the administrator (administrateur judiciaire) or, as applicable, the liquidator 
(liquidateur judiciaire) designated by the relevant court as further described in the section entitled "Banking 
resolution". RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland is the German branch of RCI Banque established through 
the banking passporting regime pursuant to the Article L. 511-27 of the Code. 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive or BRRD) entered into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of 
tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity 
of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's 
failure on the economy and financial system.  
The impact of the BRRD and its implementing provisions on credit institutions, including RCI Banque and 
RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland, could materially affect the activity and financial condition of RCI 
Banque and RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland, including in its capacities as Seller and Servicer.  
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to 
be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; 
or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
The powers provided to authorities in the BRRD are divided into three categories: (i) preparatory steps and 
plans to minimise the risks of potential problems (preparation and prevention); (ii) in the event of incipient 
problems, powers to arrest a firm's deteriorating situation at an early stage so as to avoid insolvency (early 
intervention); and (iii) where a firm’s insolvency might raise a concern as to the general public interest, a clear 
plan to reorganise or wind down the firm in an orderly fashion while preserving its critical functions and as far 
as possible limiting taxpayers’ exposure to losses (which should be used as a last resort). 
The BRRD currently contains four resolution tools and powers: 
(a) 
sale of business: enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its 
business on commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the 
procedural requirements that would otherwise apply; 
(b) 
bridge institution: enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a 
"bridge bank" (a publicly controlled entity holding such business or part of a business with a view to 
reselling it); 
(c) 
asset separation: enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to asset 
management vehicles to allow such assets to be managed and worked out over time; and 
(d) 
bail-in: gives resolution authorities the power to write-down the claims of unsecured creditors of a 
failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity (the general bail-in tool), such 
equity being potentially subject to future cancellation, transfer or dilution by application of the general 
bail-in tool. When applying bail-in or a statutory write-down (including to zero) and conversion into 
equity power, the resolution authority must first reduce or cancel common equity tier one, thereafter 
reduce, cancel and convert additional tier one instruments, then tier two instruments and other 
subordinated debts to the extent required and up to their capacity. If the debt bail-in or statutory write-
down and conversion power has entered into force and only if this total reduction is less than the 
amount needed, the resolution authority will reduce or convert to the extent required the principal 
amount or outstanding amount payable in respect of unsecured creditors in accordance with the 
hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
The BRRD also provides that in exceptional circumstances, where the general bail-in tool is applied, the 
relevant resolution authority may exclude or partially exclude certain liabilities from the application of the 
write-down or conversion powers. Such exclusion will apply in particular where: (a) it is not possible to bail-
in a particular liability within a reasonable time; (b) the exclusion is strictly necessary and is proportionate so 
as to achieve the continuity of critical functions and core business lines of the institution under resolution; (c) 
the exclusion is strictly necessary and proportionate so as to avoid giving rise to widespread contagion, which 
would severely disrupt the functioning of financial markets, including financial market infrastructures, in a 
manner that could cause serious disruption to the economy of a Member State of the European Union; or (d) 
the application of the general bail-in tool to those liabilities would cause a reduction in value such that the 
losses borne by other creditors would be higher than if those liabilities were excluded from bail-in altogether. 
Consequently, where the relevant resolution authority decides to exclude or partially exclude an eligible 
liability or class of eligible liabilities: 
(a) 
the level of write-down or conversion applied to other eligible liabilities – due to creditors of the 
relevant credit institution, including the FCT as the case may be - when not excluded, may be increased 
to take account of such exclusions; and 
(b) 
if the losses that would have been borne by those liabilities have not been passed on fully to other 
creditors, the financing arrangement for resolution may make a contribution to the institution under 
resolution, within certain limits, including the requirement that such contribution does not exceed 5% 
of the global liabilities of such institution to (i) cover any losses which have not been absorbed by 
eligible liabilities and restore the net asset value of the institution under resolution to zero and/or (ii) 
purchase shares or other instruments of ownership or capital instruments in the institution under 
resolution, in order to recapitalise the institution. The final step – to the extent any losses remain - 
would be the granting of extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilisation tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the 
EU state aid framework.  
The BRRD applies since 1 January 2015, except for the general bail-in tool which applies since 
1 January 2016. 
Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in 
the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund (the SRM Regulation) has 
established a centralised power of resolution entrusted to a Single Resolution Board (the SRB) and to the 
national resolution authorities. For Member States participating in the Banking Union (which includes France), 
the Single Resolution Mechanism (the SRM) fully harmonises the range of available tools, but Member States 
are authorised to introduce additional tools at national level to deal with crises, as long as they are compatible 
with the resolution objectives and principles set out in the BRRD. 
As from November 2014, the European Central Bank has taken over the prudential supervision under the 
Single Supervisory Mechanism (the SSM) of significant credit institutions in Eurozone member states. In 
addition, an SRM has been set up to ensure that the resolution of banks across the Eurozone is harmonised. 
Under Article 5(1) of the SRM Regulation, the SRM has been granted those responsibilities and powers granted 
to the member states' resolution authorities under the BRRD for those banks subject to direct supervision by 
the ECB. The ability of the SRB to exercise these powers came into force at the start of 2016.  
The implementation of the BRRD in France was made by several legislative texts. The banking law dated 
26 July 2013 regarding the separation and the regulation of banking activities (Loi de séparation et de 
régulation des activités bancaires) (the Banking Law) had anticipated the implementation of the BRRD and 
had introduced in the Code Article L. 613-31-16 which allows the ACPR to exercise resolution powers when 
an institution is subject to a procedure relating to its recovery or resolution.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Ordinance no. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance n° 2015-1024 du 20 août 2015 portant diverses 
dispositions d’adaptation de la législation au droit de l’Union européenne en matière financière) (the 
Ordinance) published in the Official Journal on 21 August 2015 has introduced various provisions amending 
and supplementing the Banking Law to adapt French law to European Union legislation regarding financial 
matters. Many of the provisions contained in the BRRD were already similar in effect to provisions contained 
in the Banking Law. Decree no. 2015-1160 dated 17 September 2015 and three orders dated 11 September 
2015 (décret et arrêtés) implementing provisions of the Ordinance regarding (i) recovery planning 
implementing Section A of the Annex of the BRRD, (ii) resolution planning implementing Section B of the 
Annex of the BRRD, and (iii) criteria to assess the resolvability of an institution or group implementing Section 
C of the Annex of the BRRD, were published on 20 September 2015, mostly to define implementing rules of 
the BRRD.  
The Ordinance has been ratified by law no. 2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 (Loi n°2016-1691 du 9 
décembre 2016 relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à la modernisation de la vie 
économique) which also incorporates provisions which clarify the implementation of the BRRD.  
French credit institutions (as the Seller and Servicer) must now comply at all times with minimum requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities (the MREL) under Article L.613-44 of the Code. The MREL is expressed 
as a percentage of total liabilities and equity of the institution and aims to prevent institutions structuring their 
commitments in a manner which could limit or prevent the effectiveness of the bail-in tools. 
Implementation provisions of the BRRD in France include the bail-in tool and therefore the powers of reducing 
the principal, cancellation or conversion of subordinated notes. The SRB works in close cooperation with the 
ACPR, in particular in relation to resolution planning, and has assumed full resolution powers as from 1 
January 2016: the contributions of the transfer conditions at the Single Resolution Fund being met by this date.  
In addition, resolution measures may include (i) the suspension of payment obligations (Article L.613-56-4 of 
the Code) and (ii) the suspension of termination rights (Article L.612-56-5 of the Code) in relation to any 
contracts entered into by the credit institution. Such suspension takes effect from the day of publication by the 
ACPR of its decision until midnight on the business day following the day of publication of the ACPR's 
decision.  
In this respect, it should be noted that, a counterparty under a contract benefiting from the regime of Articles 
L. 211-36 et seq. of the Code which set out a number of rules which derogate from generally applicable French 
insolvency laws may not be entitled to exercise its acceleration and close-out netting rights thereunder on the 
sole ground of a resolution measure having been ordered by the ACPR.  
It is not yet possible to assess the full impact of the BRRD or the provisions in the Code implementing the 
BRRD in France on the Seller and Servicer and there can be no assurance that the fact of its implementation 
or the taking of any actions currently contemplated in it would not adversely affect the rights of the FCT and, 
as a result the rights of the holders of Class A Notes, the price or value of their investment in the Class A 
Notes, the ability of RCI Banque and RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland to satisfy its obligations under 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and/or, as a consequence, the ability of the FCT to satisfy its 
obligations under the Class A Notes.  
Should a French credit institution which is a counterparty to the FCT be or become at some point subject to 
the BRRD or the provisions in the Code referred to in this section, the above provisions would apply 
notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Transaction Documents, which may affect the 
enforceability of the Transaction Documents executed by such counterparty. 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of EURIBOR may affect the value, liquidity or payment of interest under the 
Class A Programme Notes 
The Class A Notes are referenced to EURIBOR which calculation and determination is subject to Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the 
Benchmark Regulation) published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016, entered into force on 
30 June 2016 and applied from 1 January 2018.  
The Benchmark Regulation applies to "contributors", "administrators" and "users of" benchmarks (such as 
EURIBOR) in the EU, and, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU-supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Class A Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Investors should be aware that the euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of 
guiding principles and high-level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro-
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among 
other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Class 
A Notes. 
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should in particular be aware that: 
(a) 
any of these reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark (including EURIBOR) could affect the level of the published rate, including to cause it to 
be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be; 
(b) 
if EURIBOR is discontinued or is otherwise unavailable and an amendment as described in paragraph 
(c) below has not been made at the relevant time, then the rate of interest on the Class A Notes will be 
determined for a period pursuant to the fallback provisions provided for under Condition 9.3 
(Additional Right of Modification without the Class A20xx-y Noteholders' consent in relation to 
Benchmark Rate Modification Event), although such provisions, being dependent in part upon the 
provision by reference banks of offered quotations for leading banks in the Eurozone interbank market 
(in the case of EURIBOR), may not operate as intended (depending on market circumstances and the 
availability of rates information at the relevant time) and may in certain circumstances result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when 
EURIBOR was available; and 
(c) 
while an amendment may be made under Condition 9.3 (Additional Right of Modification without the 
Class A20xx-y Noteholders' consent in relation to Benchmark Rate Modification Event) to change the 
base rate on the Class A Notes from EURIBOR to an alternative base rate under certain circumstances

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
broadly related to EURIBOR dysfunction or discontinuation and subject to certain conditions being 
satisfied, there can be no assurance that any such amendment will be made or, if made, that it (i) will 
fully or effectively mitigate all relevant interest rate risks or result in an equivalent methodology for 
determining the interest rates on the Class A Notes or (ii) will be made prior to any date on which any 
of the risks described in this risk factor may become relevant. 
Moreover, any of the above matters (including an amendment to change the base rate as described in paragraph 
(c) above) or any other significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR could affect the ability of 
the FCT to meet its obligations under the Class A Notes and/or could have a material adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Class A Notes.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the possible 
application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Class A Notes in making any investment decision 
with respect to the Class A Notes. 
French law cash deposits – impact of the hardening period 
The General Reserve is governed by Articles L. 211-36 et seq. of the Code being the applicable rules of French 
law implementing directive 2002/47/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 June 2002 on 
financial collateral arrangements (the Financial Collateral Directive).  
Article L. 211-40 of the Code states that the provisions of Book VI of the French Commercial Code (pertaining 
to insolvency proceedings as a matter of French law) shall not impede (ne font pas obstacle) the application of 
Article L. 211-38 of the Code. This provision should lead to the conclusion that the rules pertaining to the 
nullity of acts concluded during the hardening period (période suspecte) (as provided for in Articles L. 632-1 
and L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code) will not apply in respect of guarantees governed by said Article 
L. 211-38. The hardening period (période suspecte) is a period of time the duration of which is determined by 
the bankruptcy judge upon the judgment recognising that the cessation of payments (cessation des paiements) 
of the insolvent company has occurred. 
The hardening period commences on a date which can be set at up to eighteen (18) months prior to the date of 
such judgment.  
Given the provisions of the Financial Collateral Directive it is reasonable to consider that Article L. 211-40 of 
the Code will exclude application of Articles L. 632-1-6° of the French Commercial Code, which provides for 
an automatic nullity of security interest granted during the hardening period to secure past obligations of a 
debtor and, therefore, that the General Reserve would not be void on the basis of said Article L. 632-1-6° of 
the French Commercial Code. 
However, it cannot be excluded that Article L. 211-40 of the Code does not intend to overrule Article L. 632-
2 of the French Commercial Code, which provides for a potential nullity of acts which are onerous (actes à 
titre onéreux) if the counterparty of the debtor was aware, at the time of conclusion of such acts, that the debtor 
was unable to pay its debts due with its available funds (en état de cessation des paiements). Should Article 
L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code be deemed applicable, nullity of the General Reserve could be 
sought, if the FCT was aware, at the time where the General Reserve were constituted (or the subject of an 
increase), that RCI Banque was unable to pay its debt due with its available funds (en état de cessation des 
paiements). 
TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
Withholding tax under the Class A Programme Notes 
In the event that withholding taxes are imposed in respect of payments to the Class A Noteholders of amounts 
due pursuant to the Class A Notes, the FCT is not obliged to gross-up or otherwise compensate the Class A

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Noteholders for the lesser amounts the Class A Noteholders will receive as a result of the imposition of 
withholding taxes (see the Section entitled "Taxation" on page 159 for an overview of certain tax 
considerations in relation to the Class A Notes). 
Withholding tax in relation to the Purchased Receivables 
In the event that withholding taxes are imposed in respect of payments to the FCT from the Dealers, the Dealers 
are not required under the terms of the relevant Dealer Agreement, Sales Contract, Loan Contract or other 
document to gross-up or otherwise compensate the FCT for the lesser amounts which the FCT will receive as 
a result of the imposition of such withholding taxes. 
Proposed EU Financial Transaction Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the Participating Member States). In March 2016, Estonia indicated its withdrawal 
from the enhanced cooperation. 
The Commission’s Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Class A Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in circumstances where at least one party to a relevant 
financial transaction is established in a Participating Member State and a financial institution established (or 
deemed established) in a Participating Member State is a party (acting for its own account or for the account 
of another person) or is acting in the name of a party. In this respect, it should be noted that a financial 
institution will be treated as established in a Participating Member State if it is a party (acting for its own 
account or for the account of another person) or is acting in the name of a party to a transaction which involves 
securities issued by an entity incorporated in or registered in a Participating Member State, such as the Class A 
Notes. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States (excluding 
Estonia). It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate and/or Participating Member States may decide to 
withdraw. 
At the ECOFIN Council meeting of 14 June 2019, a state of play of the work on the FTT was presented on the 
basis of a note prepared by Germany on 7 June 2019 indicating a consensus among the Participating Member 
States (excluding Estonia) to continue negotiations on the basis of a joint French-German proposal based on 
the French financial transactions tax model which in principle would only concern shares of listed companies 
whose head office is in a member state of the European Union. However, such proposal is still subject to 
change until a final approval. 
Prospective holders of the Class A Notes are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to the FTT.  
German Taxation  
General 
There is no specific German tax law or regulation relating to the tax treatment of securitisation transactions. 
Therefore, any transaction involving the securitisation of receivables originated in Germany has to rely largely 
on the application of general principles of German tax law as well as market practice, and consequently there 
is uncertainty as to the German tax treatment of the sale of German receivables and the purchaser of such

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
receivables. Hence, it cannot be ruled out that German tax authorities and German tax courts may seek to hold 
the FCT liable for German taxes. 
Corporate income tax and trade tax 
The FCT will derive income from the Purchased Receivables. The income derived by the FCT will only be 
subject to German tax if the FCT has its place of effective management and control in Germany or maintains 
a permanent establishment in Germany, to which the Purchased Receivables are allocable for tax purposes, or 
appoints a permanent representative for its business in Germany. The FCT is not expected to be considered 
tax-resident or as maintaining a permanent establishment in Germany solely by virtue of entering into the 
Transaction Documents and performing the actions contemplated thereunder. However, the German tax 
authorities still have not published results of discussions whether the foreign special purpose entity in an ABS 
structure should be considered as a tax resident in Germany or as having at least a tax presence in Germany. 
If the FCT was considered to be subject to tax in Germany, the tax treatment of the FCT and the Class A 
Noteholders depends on whether the FCT would, based on its legal characteristics, be comparable rather to a 
German corporate entity or rather to a German partnership. If the FCT was classified as a corporate entity for 
German tax purposes, it would be subject to German corporate income tax at a rate of 15% (plus 5.5% solidarity 
surcharge thereon) and, if it maintains a German permanent establishment, additional trade tax at the applicable 
municipality rate. If the FCT will be classified as a transparent entity, the FCT would potentially be subject to 
German trade tax (Gewerbesteuer), but would be tax transparent for (corporate) income tax purposes. In case 
the FCT is considered not to be tax resident in Germany, but to be subject to tax as a non-resident because of 
a permanent establishment or permanent representative , the tax may also be levied by way of withholding 
upon respective instruction by the German tax authorities if they consider their tax claim at risk. Further, if the 
FCT was tax resident in Germany, payments of interest on the Notes would be subject to withholding tax at a 
rate of 15% (plus 5.5% solidarity surcharge thereon) if made to a Noteholder in a non-cooperative jurisdiction 
within the meaning of the relevant EU list pursuant to the German Act to Avert Tax Evasion and Unfair Tax 
Competition (Gesetz zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb). 
If the FCT was considered to be subject to tax in Germany, the deduction of interest payments on the Class A 
Notes, the Class B Loan and the Residual Units for German tax purposes may be restricted under the interest 
ceiling rule (Zinsschranke). According to the legislative history (cf. Bundestags-Drucksache 16/4841 p. 48), 
the interest ceiling rule is not intended to apply to securitisation vehicles in ABS transactions. The German tax 
authorities have confirmed this view in their decree dated 4 July 2008 (IV C 7 - S 2742 -a/07/1001, BStBl. I 
2008, p. 718, as amended). According to annotation 67 of this decree, special purpose vehicles in ABS 
transactions, the business purpose of which is the acquisition of receivables and/or the assumption of risks 
relating to receivables, are generally outside the scope of the interest ceiling rule by applying the non-group 
member exemption if the respective special purposes vehicle would for accounting purposes only be treated 
as part of a consolidated group because of an economic assessment of the allocation of risk and rewards of a 
transaction. It is currently unclear whether such exemption would be available to the FCT due to its uncertain 
qualification for German tax purposes. Also, it is currently unclear whether the non-group member exemption 
for special purpose vehicles would also apply in case the special purpose vehicle would need to be consolidated 
for other reasons than the economic assessment of the allocation of risk and rewards of a transaction. In 
addition, the carve out for securitisation vehicles from the interest ceiling rule under the non-group member 
exemption is not available if the securitisation vehicle was a corporation that paid more than 10 % of its net 
interest expense to its significant shareholder (holding 25 % or more of the share capital of the securitisation 
corporation) or a related party thereto. Since the FCT has neither a share capital nor any shareholders the 
counter-exception to the non-group member exemption is expected to be non-applicable. It is, however, not 
clear as to which view the German tax authorities and the German tax courts would take with respect to 
qualification of the FCT for the aforesaid exemption from the interest ceiling rules. In addition, if the FCT was 
to be considered tax-resident or to maintain a permanent establishment in Germany, interest payments by the 
FCT under the Class A Notes and the Class B Loan would also be subject to the 25% add-back of interest 
expenses when computing the taxable income for trade tax purposes to the extent that such interest payment 
had been deducted for corporate income tax purposes. Further, if the FCT was to maintain a permanent 
establishment or permanent representative in Germany, interest payments to Noteholders in non-cooperative

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
jurisdictions might be non-deductible pursuant to the German Act to Avert Tax Evasion and Unfair Tax 
Competition (Gesetz zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb). 
With respect to the FCT's taxable income it is also expected that it would not be required to take into account 
the proceeds from the issue of the Class A Notes and the amounts borrowed under the Class B Loan as income 
under § 5 para. 2a of the German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz), although guidance on this point 
is missing. As regards trade tax, the above applies accordingly.  
If the Servicer together with any sub-servicers or other persons involved in their tasks and duties or any other 
Person acting on behalf of the FCT were considered to be a permanent representative (ständiger Vertreter) of 
the FCT in Germany, the portion of the FCT's income derived through such permanent representative, as 
computed under German tax accounting principles, would be subject to German corporate income tax in 
accordance with the principles described above. 
The limitations on the deductibility of interest payments pursuant to German tax law discussed above as well 
as the application of the German interest ceiling rule, § 5 para. 2a of the German Income Tax Act or the 25% 
add-back of interest expenses for trade tax burden may lead to a significant tax burden for the FCT. 
If the FCT were considered to be subject to resident taxation in Germany because of having its place of 
effective place of management and control in Germany, there is a risk that the FCT would be held secondary 
liable for German withholding taxes of 26.375% that might be triggered by interest payments on the Class B 
Loan or the Residual Units if these instruments were qualified as profit participating for German tax purposes. 
VAT 
It is expected that value added tax (VAT) with regard to the Seller's servicing of the Purchased Receivables 
should not arise. According to the general view of the German tax authorities on the application of the so- 
called MKG-ruling on asset-backed-securities transactions, as published in its official guidelines (cf. Section 
2.4 (2) of the German VAT Regulations 2010 (Umsatzsteuer-Anwendungserlass)) – the seller of receivables 
does not render VATable factoring services to the acquirer if the seller continues to service and collect the 
receivables. Also, the acquirer does not render any VATable services to the seller. By contrast, if the 
administration and/or collection of receivables are carried out by any other Person (e.g. a back-up or successor 
servicer) the acquirer may be regarded as supplying factoring services in the meaning of the MKG-ruling of 
the ECJ (MKG-Kraftfahrzeuge-Factoring GmbH, European Court of Justice C-305/01), and therefore be 
subject to German VAT (under the reverse charge procedures pursuant to Section 13b of the German VAT Act 
(Umsatzsteuergesetz)).  
The FCT might be subject to secondary VAT liability according to Section 13c of the German VAT Act with 
respect to any VAT on the sale of New Vehicles or Used Vehicles by the Manufacturers to the vehicle dealers 
if the respective assignor of Receivables relating to the sale of such vehicles does not pay VAT to the German 
tax authorities when due. However, the secondary liability is excluded to the extent the assignee pays a 
consideration in cash for the assignment to the assignor and the assignor receives such consideration at its free 
disposal. 
To the extent the FCT receives supplies or services subject to German VAT it may not be able to claim a credit 
or refund of such VAT if it does not qualify as a taxable Person for VAT purposes (Unternehmer) under 
German law. Even, if the FCT so qualifies, its reclaims for input VAT may be substantially limited given that 
most of the services initially provided by the FCT are exempt from VAT. 
More generally, it should be noted that in the absence of case law or administrative guidance on point, the 
German tax authorities and tax courts may apply a different treatment for the sale of receivables and the 
taxation of the FCT in relation to corporate income tax, trade tax and VAT, which may negatively impact on 
the cash-flows available to FCT.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Payment of Taxes by purchasers or sellers of Class A Programme Notes 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Class A Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay Taxes 
or documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Class 
A Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities 
or court decisions may be available for the tax treatment of financial instruments such as the Class A Notes. 
Potential investors cannot rely upon the tax overview contained in this Base Prospectus but should ask for their 
own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and 
redemption of the Class A Notes. Only such adviser is in a position to duly consider the specific situation of 
the potential investor. This investment consideration has to be read in connection with the section entitled 
"Taxation" on page 159. 
ATAD 2 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation of the 
BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (the ATAD 1) 
on 12 July 2016. The EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 (the ATAD 2 and together with 
ATAD 1, ATAD) on 29 May 2017, amending the ATAD 1, to provide for minimum standards for 
counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU member states and third countries. EU member states had until 
31 December 2019 to implement the ATAD 2 (except for measures relating to reverse hybrid mismatches, 
which must be implemented by 31 December 2021 and apply as of 1 January 2022). There is one ATAD 
related measures of particular relevance to the FCT which could, if applicable, increase the FCT's liability to 
French tax.  
ATAD provides for reverse hybrid mismatch rules. France has implemented ATAD rules into French law as 
they relate to reverse hybrid mismatch rules under Article 205 C of the French tax code (which applies to fiscal 
years opened as from 1st January 2022). This legislation could have an impact on the exemption from 
corporation income tax applicable to the FCT if the FCT were to be considered as a reverse hybrid (hybride 
inversé) (i.e. if investors holding in aggregate a direct or indirect interest in 50% or more of the rights to a 
share of profit in the FCT regard the FCT as a taxable person). The guidelines (BOI-IS-BASE-80-30) regarding 
article 205 C of the French tax code (which were published by the French tax authorities on 15 December 
2021) do not address the situation of a fonds commun de titritisation. The actual consequence of Article 205 C 
of the French tax code on the tax status of a fonds commun de titrisation generally is uncertain. The risk of 
application of such rules in the present case should not be significant on the basis that the FCT is unlikely to 
be viewed as a tax transparent entity in France (but rather an entity exempt from tax).

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
STATUTORY AUDITOR OF THE FCT 
 
Ernst & Young 
Commissaire aux comptes 
Tour First 
1 place des Saisons TSA 14444 
92037 Paris La Défense Cedex 
 France 
Appointment date: 25 July 2017 
Duration of appointment: six years

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE TRANSACTION 
The following is an overview of the principal characteristics of the transaction. This overview should be read 
in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed information appearing 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The FCT 
Cars Alliance DFP Germany 2017 is a French securitisation mutual fund (fonds 
commun de titrisation) governed by the provisions of Articles L. 214-167 to L. 
214-190 and R. 214-217 to D. 214-240 of the Code and the FCT Regulations (as 
amended from time to time). The FCT has been jointly established by the 
Custodian and the Management Company on 25 July 2017. 
 
The FCT is a co-ownership entity (copropriété) which does not have a separate 
legal personality (personnalité morale). The FCT is neither subject to the 
provisions of the French Civil Code relating to the rules of co-ownership 
(indivision) nor to the provisions of Articles 1871 to 1873 of the French Civil 
Code relating to partnerships (société en participation). 
 
For further details, see the Section entitled "General Description of the FCT". 
Purpose of the FCT 
In accordance with Article L.214-168, L. 214-175-1 and R. 214-217-2° of the 
Code and pursuant to the terms of the FCT Regulations, the purpose of the FCT 
is (i) to issue notes (titres de créances) (including the Class A Notes) and units 
(including the Residual Units) in accordance with the FCT Regulations and (ii) to 
borrow funds in accordance with the Class B Loan Agreement and the FCT 
Regulations in order to purchase from the Seller, (a) Trade Receivable arising 
under a Sales Contract or (b) a Loan Receivable arising under a Loan Contract, 
each including VAT, if applicable. 
Seller 
RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland, a société anonyme incorporated under 
the laws of France, whose registered office is at 14, avenue du Pavé Neuf, 93160 
Noisy Le Grand, France, registered with the Trade and Companies Register of 
Bobigny under number B 306 523 358, licensed as a credit institution in France 
by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution under the Code, acting 
through its branch located at Jagenbergstrasse 1, 41468 Neuss, Germany. For 
further details, see the Section entitled "Description of RCI Banque". 
Management 
Company 
Paris Titrisation, a société par actions simplifiée à associé unique incorporated 
under, and governed by, the laws of France, licensed by, and subject to the 
supervision and regulation of, the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, as a société 
de gestion de portefeuille (a portfolio management company licensed to manage 
securitisation undertakings) whose registered office is located at 17 Cours Valmy, 
92972, Paris la Défense Cedex, France, registered with the Trade and Companies 
Register of Bobigny under number 379 014 095. For further details, see the 
Section entitled "General Description of the FCT" on page 70. 
Custodian 
Société Générale, a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of France, whose 
registered office is at 29, boulevard Haussmann, 75009 Paris, France, registered 
with the Trade and Companies Register of Paris under number 552 120 222, 
licensed as a credit institution in France by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et 
de Résolution, acting through its Securities Services department located at 1-5, 
rue du débarcadère, 92700 Colombes, France. For further details, see the Section 
entitled "General Description of the FCT" on page 70. 
FCT Account Bank 
Société Générale, a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of France, whose

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
registered office is at 29 boulevard Haussmann, 75009 Paris, France, registered 
with the Trade and Companies Register of Paris under number 552 120 222, 
licensed as a credit institution in France by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et 
de Résolution, acting through its branch Paris Centre Entreprises located at 132 
rue Réaumur 75002, Paris, France. The FCT Account Bank has been appointed 
by the Management Company for the opening and the operation of the FCT 
Accounts. For further details, see the Section entitled "General Description of the 
FCT" on page 70. 
FCT Cash Manager 
Société Générale, a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of France, whose 
registered office is at 29 boulevard Haussmann, 75009 Paris, France, registered 
with the Trade and Companies Register of Paris under number 552 120 222, 
licensed as a credit institution in France by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et 
de Résolution, acting through its branch Paris Centre Entreprises located at 132 
rue Réaumur, 75002 Paris, France. The FCT Cash Manager has been appointed 
by the Management Company for the management and investment of the FCT 
Available Cash. For further details, see the Section entitled "General Description 
of the FCT" on page 70.  
Servicer 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Management Company has appointed 
the Seller as Servicer (the Servicer) under the Servicing Agreement. The FCT 
shall pay the Servicer the Servicing Fee as set out in the section entitled "Third 
Party Expenses" of the Base Prospectus, pursuant to the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement and in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the FCT 
Regulations. In accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement and Article L. 214-172 of the Code, the Servicer shall be liable to the 
FCT for the management and the servicing of the Purchased Receivables. The 
appointment and authority of the Servicer shall be effective from (and including) 
the Closing Date to (and including) the FCT Liquidation Date, unless terminated 
earlier in accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement. 
Data Protection 
Trustee 
Société Générale, a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of France, whose 
registered office is at 29, boulevard Haussmann, 75009 Paris, France, registered 
with the Trade and Companies Register of Paris under number 552 120 222, 
licensed as a credit institution in France by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et 
de Résolution, acting through its Securities Services department located at 1-5, 
rue du Débarcadère, 92700 Colombes, France. 
Paying Agent 
Société Générale, a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of France, whose 
registered office is at 29, boulevard Haussmann, 75009 Paris, France, registered 
with the Trade and Companies Register of Paris under number 552 120 222, 
licensed in France as a credit institution (établissement de crédit) by the Autorité 
de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution, acting through its Securities Services 
department acting through its office located at 32 rue du Champ de Tir, CS 30812, 
44308 Nantes Cedex 3, France. 
Listing Agent 
Société Générale Luxembourg, a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of 
the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, whose registered office is at 11, avenue Emile 
Reuter, L 2420 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
 
For further details, see the Section entitled "General Information" on page 177. 
Statutory Auditor 
Ernst & Young, a société anonyme incorporated under, and governed by, the laws 
of France, whose registered office is at Tour First, 1 place des Saisons TSA 14444 
92037 Paris La Défense Cedex, France.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Receivables 
The receivables which will be acquired by the FCT from time to time consist in 
Trade Receivables and Loan Receivables originated by the Seller, each including 
VAT, if applicable. The Ancillary Rights and Related Security attached to the 
Receivables will also be assigned to the FCT. 
 
The Seller represents and warrants to the FCT that the Receivables sold by it to 
the FCT satisfied all the Eligibility Criteria listed in the Section entitled 
"Receivables Eligibility Criteria" on the relevant Purchase Date (see the Section 
entitled "Receivables Eligibility Criteria" on page 122). 
Ancillary Rights 
The Ancillary Rights include. in respect to any Receivable, the following rights 
and claims relating to such Receivable: 
(a) 
the claim (if any) for the payment of default interest under the Receivables 
Contract relating to such Receivable; 
(b) 
all other existing and future claims and rights under, pursuant to, or in 
connection with such Receivable and the Receivables Contract from which 
it derives, including (but not limited to): 
(i) 
all other related ancillary rights and claims, including (x) 
independent unilateral rights to determine legal relationships 
(selbständige Gestaltungsrechte) as well as (y) dependent unilateral 
rights 
to 
determine 
legal 
relationships 
(unselbständige 
Gestaltungsrechte) by the exercise of which the relevant 
Receivables Contract is altered, in particular the right of termination 
(Recht 
zur 
Kündigung), 
the 
rights 
to 
give 
directions 
(Weisungsrechte), if any, and the right of rescission (Recht zum 
Rücktritt), the right to serve a notice to pay or repay, to demand, sue 
for, recover, receive and give receipts for payment, to recover and/or 
to grant a discharge in respect of the whole or part of the amounts 
due or to become due in connection with the said Receivable from 
the relevant Dealer (or from any other Person having granted any 
security interest) but which are not of a personal nature 
(höchstpersönlich) (without prejudice to the assignment of ancillary 
rights and claims pursuant to § 401 BGB; 
(ii) 
all claims for the provision of collateral; 
(iii) 
all indemnity claims against the relevant Dealer for non-
performance by such Dealer of its obligations under the relevant 
Receivables Contract; and 
(iv) 
all claims for unjustified enrichment (aus ungerechfortiger 
Bereicherung) against the relevant Dealer in the event that the 
Receivables Contract from which such Receivable derives is void. 
Acquisition of the 
Eligible Receivables 
On or before the Closing Date, the Seller, the Management Company and the 
Custodian have entered into the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, which 
is governed by French law and pursuant to which the FCT will acquire, from time 
to time during the Revolving Period, Eligible Receivables from the Seller. 
 
The assignment of Receivables shall be carried out, in accordance with the terms 
of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, as follows:

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
(a) 
On each Purchase Date, the Seller shall offer to sell and assign to the FCT 
all Eligible Receivables. Each Offer must include all the Eligible 
Receivables which the Seller holds. 
(b) 
The Management Company shall, subject to the satisfaction of the 
applicable Conditions Precedent, accept to purchase some or all of the 
Receivables identified in the Offer File. 
Revolving Period 
The Revolving Period is the period from (and including) the Closing Date to the 
earlier of: 
 
(a) 
the Revolving Period Scheduled End Date (included); and 
 
(b) 
the day (excluded) following the occurrence of an Early Amortisation 
Event or an FCT Liquidation Event.  
Purchase Price of 
Receivables 
The consideration payable by the FCT to the Seller in respect of the purchase of 
Purchased Receivables shall be (subject to the terms of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement) the Purchase Price. The Purchase Price shall be deemed 
inclusive of any applicable VAT. 
The FCT shall pay the Purchase Price to the Seller in respect of each Receivable 
transferred to it on the Closing Date by application of (i) the proceeds from the 
issue of the Class A2017-1  Notes and (ii) the funds borrowed under the initial Class 
B Loan. 
On any Purchase Date (other than the Closing Date), the obligation to pay the 
aggregate Purchase Price for all Receivables to be purchased by the FCT on such 
day shall be discharged on the Purchase Date by (and in the following order): 
(a) 
first, by way of set-off with the payment obligations arising under clause 
4 (Collections) of the Servicing Agreement in respect of the payment of 
Collections to the FCT on the same Purchase Date for each Receivable 
purchased (such amount the Set-off Amount); 
(b) 
second, for an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the aggregate 
Purchase Price for all Receivables to be purchased by the FCT on such 
date over the Set-off Amount, by paying such amount (being the FCT Net 
Principal Payment) to the Seller only out of funds standing to the credit 
of the General Account on such Purchase Date; it being agreed that the 
FCT Net Principal Payment shall be credited by the FCT to the Dedicated 
Account. 
Servicing and 
Collections 
In accordance with the provisions of Article L. 214-172 of the Code, the 
Management Company has agreed that the Seller will continue to service the 
Receivables after the Closing Date for the account and on behalf of the FCT, in 
accordance with and pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement. The 
Servicer shall collect all amounts due to the FCT in respect of the Purchased 
Receivables, preserve and enforce all of the FCT's rights relating to the Purchased 
Receivables and report to the Management Company on a daily basis on the 
performance of the Purchased Receivables by drawing up and delivering to the 
Management Company on each Business Day a Daily Servicer Report 
substantially in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
Subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement, the 
Servicer shall, on each Business Day, transfer to the FCT the Servicer Principal 
Payment, subject to any set-off arrangement with the FCT. For this purpose, the 
Servicer shall in an efficient and timely manner collect, transfer and credit directly 
or indirectly to the Dedicated Account all Collections received in respect of the 
Purchased Receivables. 
In consideration for the services performed by the Servicer under the Servicing 
Agreement, the FCT shall pay to the Servicer, in relation to a Collection Period, a 
servicing fee which shall include valued added tax (if any) and any disbursements 
whatsoever payable in arrears on the immediately succeeding Payment Date (the 
Servicing Fee) which is equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
in respect of the portfolio management tasks (gestion de créances), 0.14% 
per annum of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Purchased 
Receivables on the first Business Day of such Collection Period (after 
having taken into account the Purchased Receivables purchased on such 
Business Day, if any); 
(b) 
in respect of the recovery process tasks (recouvrement de créances), 
0.20% per annum of the sum of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of 
all Purchased Receivables which became Defaulted Receivables during 
such Collection Period and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all 
Purchased Receivables which are Defaulted Receivables on the first 
Business Day of such Collection Period, 
it being agreed that the total fee paid to the Servicer shall not be greater than 0.15% 
per annum of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Purchased Receivables on 
the first Business Day of such Collection Period (after having taken into account 
the Purchased Receivables purchased on such Business Day, if any). It will be 
calculated assuming a Collection Period of 30 days and a year of 360 days. 
Dedicated Account 
Agreement 
In accordance with Article L. 214-173 and Article D. 214-228 of the Code, the 
Servicer, the Management Company and the Custodian have entered into a 
Dedicated Account Agreement (Convention de Compte à Affectation Spéciale), in 
respect of the Dedicated Account pursuant to which such Dedicated Account, on 
which Collections are received from the Dealers by wire transfer or direct debits 
(virements ou prélèvements), is identified and operates as a dedicated collection 
bank account (compte à affectation spéciale). 
 
Pursuant to Article L. 214-173 of the Code, the creditors of the Servicer are not 
entitled to make any claim as to the Collections credited to the balance of the 
Dedicated Account, including if the Servicer becomes subject to any insolvency 
proceeding of Book VI of the French Commercial Code (see the Section entitled 
"Purchase and Servicing of the Receivables" on page 133). 
German Account 
Pledge Agreement 
Pursuant to the German Account Pledge Agreement, the Servicer as pledgor has 
created a pledge (Pfandrecht) governed by German law for the benefit of the FCT 
as pledgee over the Dedicated Account. The Servicer as pledgor has undertaken 
to notify the Dedicated Account Bank of the pledge in order to perfect the pledge 
and has undertaken to obtain a waiver from the Dedicated Account Bank in 
relation to the Dedicated Account Bank’s pledge over the Dedicated Account 
created pursuant to the Dedicated Account Bank’s general business conditions 
(allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen).

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Priority of 
Payments 
Pursuant to the FCT Regulations and the other relevant Transaction Documents, 
all payments (or provision for payment, where relevant) of debts due and payable 
by the FCT to any of its creditors are made (and the Management Company shall 
give instructions to the Custodian, the FCT Account Bank, and the FCT Cash 
Manager accordingly), subject to the limited recourse provisions applicable to the 
FCT and to the extent of available funds for making any such payment at the 
relevant date of payment, in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments.  
Series of Notes  
On the Base Prospectus Date, the following Class A Notes are outstanding: 
€675,000,000 worth Class A2017-1 Notes. The Class A2017-1 Notes shall not be 
assimilated and/or form a single series with any Series of Class A20xx-y Notes to be 
issues by the FCT.  
Class A Programme 
Notes 
The Class A20xx-y Notes will be offered for sale and listing in accordance with this 
Base Prospectus.  
 
Legal Status 
 
The Class A Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unconditional obligations of 
the FCT and are (i) financial instruments (instruments financiers), (ii) financial 
securities (titres financiers) and (iii) transferable securities (valeurs mobilières) 
within the meaning of Articles L. 211-1 and L. 211-2 of the Code. 
 
Form 
In accordance with the provisions of Article L. 211-3 of the Code, the Class A 
Programme Notes are issued in bearer (au porteur) dematerialised form (en forme 
dématérialisée). No physical document of title is issued in respect of the Class A 
Programme Notes. The delivery (and any subsequent transfer) of the Class A 
Programme Notes is made in book-entry form through the facilities of the CSDs. 
 
The Class A Programme Notes shall be privately placed to (i) qualified investors 
within the meaning of Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) investors 
resident outside France (as to which, please see the Section entitled "Subscription 
and Sale" on page 164). 
 
The Class A Programme Notes are freely transferable. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of the Class A Programme Notes and 
on distribution of offering material in certain jurisdictions, please refer to the 
selling restrictions as set out in the Section entitled "Subscription and Sale" on 
page 164. 
 
Use of Proceeds 
 
On each Issue Date, the net proceeds arising from the issue of the Class A Notes 
on such date will be applied, together with the net amount of the any Class B Loan 
made available on such date, by the Management Company to pay the purchase 
price of further Eligible Receivables purchased by the FCT from the Seller on 
such date, in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
 
Rate of Interest 
 
The rate of interest payable in respect of the Class A Programme Notes of any

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
Series is determined by the Management Company on each Interest Determination 
Date in accordance with the Conditions as the aggregate of the Applicable 
Reference Rate plus the Relevant Margin. 
The yield from any Series of Class A20xx-y Notes will be equal to the Class A20xx-y 
Notes Interest Rate of such Series of Class A20xx-y Notes. 
 
Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates 
 
Interest on the Class A Programme Notes of any Series are payable monthly in 
arrears in euro on each Payment Date, in each case subject to the relevant Priority 
of Payments. 
 
Payment of interest on the Class A Programme Notes shall be made only to the 
extent of available funds after payment in full of all amounts ranking higher than 
the interest on the Class A Programme Notes according to the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
 
For further details, see the Section entitled "Subscription and Sale" on page 164. 
 
Limited Source of fund - Limited Recourse 
 
The Class A Notes and any contractual obligations of the FCT are obligations of 
the FCT solely and will be direct and limited recourse obligations of the FCT 
payable solely out of the assets of the FCT to the extent described herein. Neither 
the Class A Notes, any contractual obligation of the FCT nor the Purchased 
Receivables will be guaranteed by the Seller (except in accordance with the 
General Reserve Agreement), the Management Company, the Custodian, the 
Servicer, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash Manager, the Data Protection 
Trustee, the Listing Agent, the Paying Agent, the Arranger nor any of their 
respective affiliates or advisers. 
 
The Class A Noteholders have no direct recourse whatsoever to the relevant 
Dealers for the Purchased Receivables purchased by the FCT. Pursuant to the 
provisions of the FCT Regulations, the Management Company has expressly and 
irrevocably undertaken to procure, upon the conclusion of any agreement, in the 
name and on behalf of the FCT with any third party, that such third party expressly 
and irrevocably: 
 
(a) 
agrees that, in accordance with Articles L. 214-169 and L. 214-175 III of 
the Code, it has no claim whatsoever against the FCT for sums in excess 
of the amount of the FCT's assets available for making a payment in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments and the cash 
allocation provisions set out in the FCT Regulations, even if the FCT is 
liquidated; 
 
(b) 
agrees that in accordance with Article L. 214-169 of the Code, the FCT's 
assets may only be subject to civil proceedings (mesures civiles 
d'exécution) in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments and 
the cash allocation provisions set out in the FCT Regulations; 
 
(c) 
to the extent that it may have any claim (including any contractual claim 
or action (action en responsabilité contractuelle)) against the FCT the 
payment of which is not expressly contemplated under any applicable 
Priority of Payments and the cash allocation provisions set out in the FCT

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Regulations, undertakes to waive to demand payment of any such claim 
as long as (i) all Class A Notes and the Residual Units are issued by the 
FCT and (ii) the Class B Loan borrowed by the FCT has not been repaid 
in full; and 
 
(d) 
agrees that in accordance with Article L. 214-175 III of the Code, 
provisions of Book VI of the French Commercial Code are not applicable 
to the FCT. 
 
Ratings 
 
It is a condition of the issue of each Series of Class A Programme Notes that, when 
issued, the Class A Programme Notes be assigned a rating no lower than "A (sf)" 
by DBRS and a rating no lower than "A2 (sf)" by Moody’s.  
 
A security rating, as issued by the Rating Agencies, is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time by one or more of the Rating Agencies. 
 
With reference to the rating specified above to be assigned by Moody’s, in 
accordance with Moody’s definitions available as at the Base Prospectus Date on 
the 
website 
https://www.moodys.com/researchdocumentcontentpage.aspx?docid=PBC_7900
4, "A2" means obligations with the upper-medium quality, subject to the lowest 
level of credit risk.  
With reference to the rating specified above to be assigned by DBRS, in 
accordance with DBRS definitions available as at the Base Prospectus Date on the 
website https://www.dbrsmorningstar.com/understanding-ratings/#aboutratings, 
"A (sf)" means obligations with the upper-medium credit quality, the capacity for 
the payment of financial obligations being exceptionally high and unlikely to be 
adversely affected by future events. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, such websites and the contents thereof do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
The ratings granted by the Rating Agencies in respect of the Class A Notes address 
only the likelihood of timely receipt by any Class A Noteholder of interest amount 
on the Class A Notes and the likelihood of receipt on the Legal Final Maturity 
Date by any Class A Noteholder of the principal outstanding amount of the Class 
A Notes. Such ratings do not address the likelihood of receipt, prior to the Legal 
Final Maturity Date, of principal amount by any Class A Noteholder nor the 
receipt of any additional amounts relating to prepayment or early redemption 
which may become due to the Class A Noteholders.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
Class A Noteholders Representative 
 
A Class A Noteholders Representative will be appointed from time to time if the 
Class A Notes are held by more than one Noteholder. 
 
If the Class A Notes are held by one single Noteholder, the rights, powers and 
authority of the Masse and/or the Class A Noteholders Representative will be 
vested to such single Noteholder. 
 
CSDs 
 
The Class A Programme Notes will be admitted to the CSDs and ownership of the 
same will be determined according to all laws and regulations applicable to the 
CSDs. 
 
The Class A Programme Notes will, upon issue, be registered in the books of the 
CSDs, which shall credit the respective accounts of the Account Holders. The 
payments of principal and of interest on the Class A Programme Notes will be 
paid to the person whose name is recorded in the ledger of the Account Holders 
at the relevant Payment Date (see the Section entitled "General Information" on 
page 177). 
 
Retention of a Material Net Economic Interest 
 
Pursuant to the Class A Notes Subscription Agreement and the Class B Loan 
Agreement, the Seller as originator has covenanted to the FCT that it will retain a 
material net economic interest of not less than 5% in the securitisation in 
accordance with Article 6(1) of the Securitisation Regulation (which, in each case, 
does not take into account any corresponding national measures). As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, such interest will be materialised by the Seller’s full 
ownership of the Class B Loan outstanding on this date and representing more 
than 5% of aggregate of the Class A Notes and the Class B Loan. Any change to 
the manner in which such interest is held will be notified to Class A Noteholders 
and the Class B Lender. The Seller has also undertaken (i) to make available to 
the FCT any Class B Loan which will be requested by the FCT on any Utilisation 
Date; (ii) to retain (and, inter alia, not to sell or transfer) on an ongoing basis its 
participation in the outstanding Class B Loans until the full amortisation of all the 
Class A Notes; and (iii) not to benefit from a guarantee or otherwise hedge the 
outstanding Class B Loan until the full amortisation of all the Class A Notes. Any 
change to the manner in which such interest is held will be notified to the Class A 
Noteholders and the Class B Lender. 
 
For that purpose, the Seller has undertaken (i) to make available to the FCT any 
Class B Loan which will be requested by the FCT on any Utilisation Date; (ii) to 
retain (and, inter alia, not to sell or transfer) on an ongoing basis its participation 
in the outstanding Class B Loans until the full amortisation of all the Class A 
Notes; and (iii) not to benefit from a guarantee or otherwise hedge the outstanding 
Class B Loan until the full amortisation of all the Class A Notes. 
 
The Class A Notes are not intended to be designated as an STS securitisation for 
the purposes of the Securitisation Regulation.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
Application has been made to the CSSF acting in its capacity as competent 
authority under the law of Luxembourg for approval of this Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to, and in accordance with, the provisions of Article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg Law, the CSSF, by approving the Base Prospectus, shall give no 
undertaking as to the economic and financial opportunity of the transaction and 
the quality or solvency of the FCT.  
 
Application has been made to list the Class A Programme Notes on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit the Class A Programme 
Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
 
Eurosystem monetary policy operations 
 
It is intended that the Class A Programme Notes will constitute eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy operations. This means that the Class A 
Programme Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of Euroclear 
or Clearstream Luxembourg and does not necessarily mean that the Class A 
Programme Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem (Eurosystem 
eligible collateral) either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met. Such Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
may be amended by the European Central Bank from time to time and such 
amendments may influence Class A Programme Notes as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem, 
as no grandfathering would be guaranteed. 
Amortisation of the 
Class A Notes  
During the Normal Amortisation Period and the Early Amortisation Period the 
Management Company (in the name and on behalf of the FCT) will on each 
Payment Date apply the Available Distribution Amount in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments to redeem the outstanding Series of Class A Notes, 
provided that the Class A20xx-y Notes being redeemed shall be redeemed on a pari 
passu basis with each other Class A20xx-y Notes being redeemed, pro rata in 
accordance with the then Principal Outstanding Amount of each Class A Notes.  
The redemption in whole or in part of any amount of principal in respect of the 
Class A Notes is subject to the provisions of the FCT Regulations, and in 
particular to the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Partial 
Amortisation 
Option 
During the Revolving Period, the Seller may elect to fully or partially redeem any 
Series of Class A Notes, further to the occurrence of an Optional Partial 
Amortisation Event, to exercise its Partial Amortisation Option in accordance with 
the following terms and the Transaction Documents: 
(a) 
no Optional Partial Amortisation Event may occur during the Revolving 
Period if an Early Amortisation Event other than an Excess Cash Event 
has occurred; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an Optional Partial Amortisation Event, the 
Management Company shall give notice of the same to the Seller, with 
copy to the Custodian, on the immediately following Partial Amortisation 
Option Day;

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
(c) 
following the receipt of such notice by the Seller from the Management 
Company on the Partial Amortisation Option Day, the Seller will be 
entitled to exercise on such Partial Amortisation Option Day its Partial 
Amortisation Option by requesting, by sending a written notice to that 
effect to the Management Company, with copy to the Custodian, (i) the 
partial amortisation of some series of Class A Notes up to the Class A 
Notes Partial Amortisation Amount and (ii) a reduction of the Class B 
Commitment and the Class B Loan Utilisation Amount (in accordance 
with the definition of such expression), so that after the exercise of such 
Partial Amortisation Option, the sum of the Principal Outstanding 
Amount of the Class A Notes and of the Class B Loan Utilisation Amount 
on the Payment Date corresponding to the Collection Period during 
which the Optional Partial Amortisation Event occurred is higher or 
equal to the Pool Balance on the Business Day following the relevant 
Cut-Off Date (after the purchase of further Receivables, if any and as the 
case may be); and 
(d) 
information regarding the Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount 
will be included in the relevant Monthly Investor Report. 
Class A Noteholders 
Representative 
A Class A Noteholders Representative will be appointed from time to time if the 
Class A Notes are held by more than one Noteholder. 
Withholding Tax 
Payments of interest and principal in respect of the Class A Notes and the 
Purchased Receivables will be made subject to any applicable withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any tax and neither the FCT nor the Paying Agent 
will be obliged to pay any additional amounts as a consequence of such 
withholding or deduction. 
Liquidation Events 
and Offer to 
Repurchase 
Unless the FCT has been liquidated earlier following the occurrence of a FCT 
Liquidation Event, the FCT will be liquidated no later than six (6) months after 
the extinguishment (extinction) of all Receivables held by the FCT. 
 
In accordance with Article L. 214-186 of the Code and pursuant to the FCT 
Regulations, the FCT Liquidation Events are the following: 
 
(a) 
is in the interest of the holders of the Class A Notes, if required by all the 
Class A Noteholders or in case of no outstanding Class A Notes, in the 
interest of the Class B Lender, if required by the Class B Lender; 
 
(b) 
all Residual Units and all Class A Notes are held by one single holder and 
such holder requests the liquidation of the FCT; 
 
(c) 
the last outstanding Purchased Receivable has been prepaid or repaid in 
full or written off; and 
(d) 
it is or will become unlawful for the FCT to perform or comply with any 
of its material obligations under the Class A Notes, the Class B Loan or 
any Transaction Document to which it is a party. 
 
The Management Company may decide to initiate the early liquidation of the FCT 
in accordance with Article L. 214-186 of the Code in the circumstances described 
in the section entitled "Operations of the FCT - Liquidation of the FCT" on page 
81. Except in such circumstances, the FCT shall be liquidated on the FCT

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Liquidation Date (see the Section entitled "Liquidation of the FCT" on page 81). 
Credit 
Enhancement 
Credit enhancement to the Class A Notes is provided by (i) the excess spread 
generated by the Transfer Fee, (ii) the funds standing to the credit of the General 
Reserve and (iii) the subordination of payments due in respect of the Class B Loan 
and the Residual Units.  
Class B Loan 
The Class B Loan Facility 
The Class B Lender has agreed to make available to the FCT a euro revolving loan 
facility in an aggregate amount equal to the Class B Commitment.  
On the Closing Date, the amounts borrowed under the Class B Facility, together 
with the proceeds of issuance of the Class A2017-1 Notes, were used to fund the 
Purchase Price of the Receivables purchased on such date. 
On any other Utilisation Date, the amounts borrowed under the Class B Facility 
shall be used to fund the Purchase Price of the Receivables purchased on the 
Payment Date corresponding to such Utilisation Date and/or to redeem the Class 
B Loan the Expected Maturity Date of which falls on or before such Utilisation 
Date and/or to reimburse the Series of Class A Notes previously issued by the 
FCT with an Expected Maturity Date falling on such Issue Date. 
 
Utilisation 
Delivery of a Utilisation Request 
The Management Company (on behalf of the FCT) must utilise a Class B Loan 
by delivery to the Class B Lender (with copy to the Custodian) of a duly completed 
Utilisation Request on the Calculation Date preceding the relevant Utilisation 
Date.  
Completion of a Utilisation Request 
A Utilisation Request for a Class B Loan is irrevocable and will not be regarded 
as having been duly completed unless: 
(a) 
the proposed Utilisation Date is a Payment Date within the Revolving 
Period; and 
(b) 
the amount of the Class B Loan is equal to the Class B Loan Utilisation 
Amount as of such Utilisation Date (after giving effect to any redemptions 
of the existing Class B Loan on such date).  
 
Advance of Class B Loan 
(a) 
The Class B Lender must make a requested Class B Loan available on the 
Utilisation Date to the FCT by paying the relevant amount by way of wire 
transfer to the General Account by no later than the same Utilisation Date, 
subject to paragraph (b) below.  
(b) 
On the Closing Date, the amount due by the Class B Lender shall be set-
off (compensation conventionnelle) against the amounts due by the FCT 
in accordance with and subject to the provisions of clause 3 of the Master 
Definitions Agreement. The amount due by the Class B Lender with

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
respect to any Class B Loan Utilisation Amount on each Payment Date in 
relation to any new Class B Loan shall be set-off (compensation 
conventionnelle) against the principal redemption amount payable by the 
FCT to the Class B Lender to redeem the Class B Loan made available on 
the previous Utilisation Date or on the Closing Date for the first Payment 
Date.  
(c) 
The Class B Lender is not obliged to make a Class B Loan if, as a result, 
the Class B Loan would exceed the Class B Commitment.  
(d) 
Any Class B Loan repaid under the Class B Loan Agreement may be re-
borrowed on the terms of the Class B Loan Agreement. 
 
Repayment 
On each Payment Date, the outstanding Class B Loan the Expected Maturity Date 
of which falls on such Payment Date will be repaid in full by the FCT as follows:  
(a) 
first, during the Revolving Period only, outside of any Priority of 
Payments, by way of set-off against the Class B Loan Utilisation Amount 
on such Payment Date in accordance with the provisions of the Class B 
Loan Agreement; and 
(b) 
second, if the Class B Loan Utilisation Amount (if any) on such Payment 
Date is not sufficient, through the application of the Available 
Distribution Amount in accordance with and subject to the applicable 
Priority of Payments. 
 
Prepayment 
Illegality 
(a) 
If, in any applicable jurisdiction, it becomes unlawful for the Class B 
Lender to perform any of its obligations as contemplated by the Class B 
Loan Agreement or to fund or maintain the Class B Loan, the Class B 
Lender must notify the Management Company and the Custodian 
promptly on becoming aware of that event.  
(b) 
After the Class B Lender has notified the FCT under paragraph (a) above:  
(i) 
with immediate effect, the Class B Lender will not be obliged to 
fund any Class B Loan; and  
(ii) 
on the agreed date:  
(A) 
the FCT must repay or prepay the outstanding Class B 
Loan in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments; and  
(B) 
the Class B Commitment will be cancelled.  
 
Interest 
Period of Accrual and Interest Periods 
(a) 
Each Class B Loan shall bear interest on its Principal Outstanding

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Amount from (and including) the Closing Date, to (but excluding) the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which its Principal Outstanding Amount is reduced to 
zero; or 
(ii) 
the Legal Final Maturity Date, 
and shall accrue interest on its Principal Outstanding Amount at the Class 
B Loan Interest Rate, for an Interest Period. 
(b) 
Each period for which a Class B Loan is outstanding shall be divided into 
successive periods, of which (other than the first, which shall begin on 
(but exclude) the Closing Date and end on (and include) the first Payment 
Date) shall begin on (but exclude) a Payment Date and end on (and 
include) the next following Payment Date (each an Interest Period). 
 
Payment of interest 
On each Payment Date, the FCT shall pay accrued interest on the outstanding 
Class B Loan in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
 
Calculation of interest 
(a) 
The rate of interest applicable to each Class B Loan (and any interest 
capitalised) from time to time during an Interest Period shall be the Class 
B Loan Interest Rate. 
(b) 
On each Calculation Date, the Management Company (or any of its lawful 
agent on its behalf) calculates, in respect of the outstanding Class B Loan, 
the applicable Class B Loan Interest Amount payable to the Class B 
Lender on the immediately following Payment Date as determined below. 
(c) 
The applicable Class B Loan Interest Amount is equal to: 
(i) 
the product of the Class B Loan Interest Rate by the relevant 
Principal Outstanding Amount of a Class B Loan as of the 
immediately preceding Payment Date; 
(ii) 
multiplied by the actual number of calendar days of the relevant 
Interest Period;  
(iii) 
divided by three hundred sixty five (365) (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365), 
the result being rounded down to the nearest Euro cent. 
General 
Reserve 
Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a general reserve deposit agreement (the General 
Reserve Agreement) entered into on or about the Signing Date and made between 
the Seller, the Management Company, the Custodian, the FCT Account Bank and 
the FCT Cash Manager, the Seller has transferred certain amounts of money to the

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
FCT pursuant to Article L. 211-38 of the Code as security for the performance of 
its obligations under clause 18 (Recourse against non-payment under the 
Purchased Receivables) of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement to 
indemnify on each Payment Date the FCT against any default by the Dealers under 
the Purchased Receivables up to an amount equal to the Required General Reserve 
Amount. For further details, see the Section entitled "Credit and Liquidity 
Structure – General Reserve" on page 104. 
Risk Factors 
Prospective investors in the Class A Programme Notes should consider, among 
other things, the risk factors in connection with (i) the purchase of the Class A 
Programme Notes and (ii) the Purchased Receivables. Such risk factors as 
described below and as detailed in the Section entitled "Risk Factors" may 
influence the ability of the FCT to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or 
in connection with any Class A Programme Notes and the Purchased Receivables. 
The risks in connection with the investment in the Class A Programme Notes 
include, inter alia, risks relating to the FCT, risks relating to the parties to the 
Transaction Documents, risks relating to the Class A Programme Notes, the FCT, 
the Purchased Receivables and the Vehicles. These risks factors represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in the Class A Programme Notes only and 
shall not be deemed as exhaustive.  
Governing Law 
(a) 
The Class A Notes (and the Residual Units) are governed by French law. 
(b) 
Subject to paragraph (c) below, the Transaction Documents are governed 
by and shall be construed in accordance with French law.  
(c) 
The Data Protection Agreement, the German Account Pledge Agreement 
and clause 5(c) of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement are 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with German law. 
Submission to 
Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to paragraph (b) below, all claims and disputes relating to 
Transaction Documents, the Class A Notes, the establishment, the 
operation or the liquidation of the FCT, which may involve either the 
Class A Noteholders, the Class B Lenders, the Management Company, 
the Residual Unitholder(s) and/or the Custodian, will be subject to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the French courts having competence in 
commercial matters. 
(b) 
All claims and disputes relating the Data Protection Agreement and the 
German Account Pledge Agreement are subject to the jurisdiction of the 
competent courts in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
SIMPLIFIED DIAGRAM OF THE TRANSACTION 
 
 
 
 
RCI Banque 
Niederlassung 
Deutschland 
(Originator, Seller, 
Servicer) 
Portfolio 
 
General 
Reserve 
Cash Deposit 
Class B Loan 
(Junior) 
Class A20xx-y 
Notes 
(Senior) 
Class A20xx-y 
Notes 
(Senior) 
Assets 
Liabilities 
FCT Cars Alliance DFP Germany 2017 
Société Générale 
Custodian 
Paris Titrisation 
Management 
Company 
Société Générale 
Paying Agent, Data 
Protection Trustee 
Société Générale 
Luxembourg 
Listing Agent 
Société Générale 
FCT Account Bank 
Société Générale 
FCT Cash Manager 
Commerzbank 
Dedicated Account 
Bank 
Transfer of 
receivables 
Purchase Price 
Cash Deposit 
Class B Loan 
(Junior) 
RCI Banque 
Niederlassung 
Deutschland 
(Class B Lender)

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
From the 2022 Closing Date, the proceeds of the issue of further Series of Class A Programme Notes will be 
used by the FCT to fund the Purchase Price to the Seller in respect of the Eligible Receivables transferred by 
the Seller to the FCT on any Purchase Date and/or to redeem existing Series of Class A Notes on their Expected 
Maturity Date (or before such Expected Maturity Date upon the occurrence of an Optional Partial Amortisation 
Event).  
On any Utilisation Date, the amounts borrowed by the FCT under any Class B Loan shall be used to fund the 
Purchase Price of Eligible Receivables and/or to redeem previously borrowed Class B Loan on its Expected 
Maturity Date of which falls on or before such Utilisation Date and/or to reimburse the Series of Class A Notes 
previously issued by the FCT on the Expected Maturity Date of which falls on such Issue Date.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE FCT 
General 
Cars Alliance DFP Germany 2017 is a securitisation mutual fund (fonds commun de titrisation) which was 
created on the Closing Date at the joint initiative of the Management Company and the Custodian acting as 
founders of the FCT (provided that as a result of the entry into force on 1 January 2020 of the amendments to 
Article L. 214-181 of the Code made pursuant to Ordinance no. 2017-1432 dated 4 October 2017, only the 
management company is now designated as the entity taking the initiative to establish a fonds commun de 
titrisation). The FCT is governed by the provisions of Articles L. 214-167 to L. 214-190 and R. 214-217 to D. 
214-240 of the Code and by the provisions of the FCT Regulations. 
The FCT has been established as a special-purpose entity. Pursuant to Article L. 214-168 of the Code, the sole 
purpose of the FCT is (a) to be exposed to risks by acquiring Eligible Receivables as set out in the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement; and (b) to fund such risks by (i) issuing notes (titres de créances) (including 
the Class A Notes) and units (including the Residual Units) in accordance with the FCT Regulations and (ii) 
borrowing funds under the Class B Loan Agreement in accordance with the Class B Loan Agreement and the 
FCT Regulations. 
The FCT shall not acquire risks arising in connection with forward financial instruments (contrats constituant 
des instruments financiers à terme) or any other transactions for the temporary purchase and sale of securities 
(opération d'acquisition ou de cession temporaire de titres). 
In accordance with Article L. 214-180 of the Code, the FCT is a co-ownership (copropriété) of assets which 
does not have a legal personality (personnalité juridique) and has been established as a special purpose entity 
to issue the asset-backed securities which are the Class A Notes and the Residual Units. The FCT has no 
capitalisation, no internal management body and no business operations other than the purchase of the Eligible 
Receivables, the issue of the Class A Notes and the Residual Units and the borrowing of the Class B Loan. 
Therefore, no place of registration, registration number, registered address or telephone number can be 
disclosed in relation to the FCT. The business address of the Management Company is 17 Cours Valmy, 92972, 
Paris la Défense Cedex and its telephone number is +33 (0)1 42 14 96 78. The place of registration of the 
Mangement Company is 17 Cours Valmy, 92972, Paris La Défense Cedex, France and its registration number 
is 379 014 095 RCS Paris. The legal provisions relating to indivision and Articles 1871 to 1873 of the French 
Civil Code do not apply to the FCT. The name of the FCT shall be validly substituted for the co-owners with 
respect to any transaction made in the name and on behalf of the co-owners of the FCT. The FCT is a fonds 
d’investissement alternatif (alternative investment fund) pursuant to Article L. 214-24, II, 4° of the Code. 
On the Base Prospectus Date, the following Class A Notes are outstanding: €675,000,000 Class A2017-1 Notes. 
The Class A2017-1 Notes shall not be assimilated and/or form a single series with any Series of Class A20xx-y 
Notes to be issues by the FCT. 
The FCT may issue Series of Class A20xx-y Notes, from time to time, on any Issue Date during the Revolving 
Period. 
Purpose of the FCT 
In accordance with Article L.214-168, L. 214-175-1 and R. 214-217-2° of the Code and pursuant to the terms 
of the FCT Regulations, the purpose of the FCT is (i) to issue notes (titres de créances) (including the Class A 
Notes) and units (including the Residual Units) in accordance with the FCT Regulations and (ii) to borrow 
funds in accordance with the Class B Loan Agreement and the FCT Regulations in order to purchase from the 
Seller, Trade Receivable arising under a Sales Contract or a Loan Receivable arising under a Loan Contract, 
each including VAT, if applicable..

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
FCT Regulations 
The FCT Regulations (as amended or supplemented from time to time) include or will include, inter alia, the 
rules concerning the creation, the operation (including the purchase of Receivables by the FCT and the funding 
strategy of the FCT) and the liquidation of the FCT, the respective duties, obligations, rights and 
responsibilities of the Management Company and of other transaction participants, the characteristics of the 
Receivables purchased by the FCT, the characteristics of the Class A Notes to be issued by the FCT and the 
characteristics of the Residual Units issued by the FCT, the characteristics of each Class B Loan, the priorities 
in the allocation of the assets of the FCT, the credit enhancement mechanisms set up in relation to the FCT 
and any specific third-party undertakings. 
By its purchase of any Class A Note or Residual Unit, any holder of Class A Note or Residual Unit becomes 
bound by the FCT Regulations, as set out in the applicable Conditions. A copy of the FCT Regulations together 
with other documents will be made available to the holders of any Class A Note or Residual Unit at the office 
of the Management Company as set out in "General Information" on page 177. 
The Management Company, acting in its capacity as founder of the FCT, may agree to amend, modify, vary 
or waive any of the terms of the FCT Regulations provided that: 
(a) 
the Management Company shall notify the Rating Agencies of any contemplated amendment, 
modification, variation or waiver and such amendment, modification, variation or waiver will not 
result in the downgrading of any of the then current ratings assigned to the Class A Notes; 
(b) 
any amendment to the financial characteristics of the Class A Notes issued by the FCT shall require 
the prior approval of the Class A Noteholders (as the case may be, by a decision of the general 
assembly of the Masse passed under the applicable majority rule); 
(c) 
any amendment to any rule governing the allocation of available funds between the Class A Notes and 
the Class B Loan shall require the prior approval of the affected Class A Noteholders (as the case may 
be, by a decision of the general assembly of the Masse passed under the applicable majority rule) and 
of the Class B Lender; and 
(d) 
any amendment to the financial characteristics of the Residual Units issued by the FCT shall require 
the prior approval of the Residual Unitholder(s). 
Subject to paragraphs (a) to (d) above, any amendments to the FCT Regulations shall be notified to the Class 
A Noteholders, the Class B Lender and the Residual Unitholder(s), it being specified that such amendments 
shall be, automatically and without any further formalities (de plein droit), enforceable as against such Class 
A Noteholders, the Class B Lender and Residual Unitholder(s) within three (3) Business Days after they have 
been notified thereof. 
Limitations 
Without prejudice to the obligations and rights of the FCT, the FCT Investors have no direct recourse 
whatsoever to the debtors of the Purchased Receivables. 
Assets of the FCT 
Purchased Receivables and Ancillary Rights 
The assets of the FCT include the Purchased Receivables and the Ancillary Rights and Related Security 
attached thereto purchased on the Closing Date and on any subsequent Purchase Date by the FCT from the 
Seller pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. See "The Receivables" and "Purchase and 
Servicing of the Receivables".

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
The securitised assets backing the issue of the Class A Notes and the Residual Units have characteristics that 
demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payment due and payable on the Class A Notes (see the 
Section entitled "The Receivables" on page 121). 
Description of the Purchased Receivables 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, on the Closing Date and on any subsequent Purchase 
Date, the FCT will purchase all the Eligible Receivables offered for sale to it by the Seller in accordance with 
and subject to the provisions of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, as further set out in "Purchase 
and Servicing of the Receivables" on page 133. 
Cash 
The assets of the FCT shall include all available sums and monies standing to the credit of the FCT Accounts 
which will, subject to the provisions of the FCT Account and Cash Management Agreement, be invested from 
time to time by the FCT Cash Manager in Eligible Investments in accordance with the Investment Rules set 
out in the FCT Account and Cash Management Agreement. 
Other 
The assets of the FCT shall also include any other sums or other assets from which the FCT might benefit in 
any way whatsoever in accordance with the FCT Regulations and other agreements it has executed or may 
execute. 
Liabilities of the FCT - Description of the Class A Notes and the Residual Units 
Legal status 
The Class A Notes and the Residual Units are governed by French law and defined as being financial 
instruments (instruments financiers) and financial securities (titres financiers) within the meaning of Articles 
L. 211-1 and L. 211-2 of the Code. 
In addition, the Class A Notes are debt securities (titres de créances) within the meaning of Article L. 213-0-
1 of the Code and obligations (obligations) within the meaning of Articles L. 213-5 and R. 214-234-1 of the 
Code. 
In accordance with the provisions of Article L. 211-3 of the Code, the Class A Programme Notes will be issued 
in dematerialised form (forme dématerialisée). The Class A Programme Notes will be issued in book-entry 
form and will be admitted to the CSDs. Any question with respect to the ownership of the Class A Programme 
Notes shall be governed by the law of the country in which the relevant account to which the Class A 
Programme Notes are credited is maintained. 
The Residual Units were issued in registered form. 
Pursuant to Article L. 214-169 of the Code, the Residual Unitholder(s) shall not be entitled to demand the 
repurchase of Residual Units by the FCT and, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Class A Notes, the 
Class A Noteholders shall not be entitled to demand the repurchase of their Class A Notes by the FCT. 
Description of the Class A Notes and Residual Units issued by the FCT  
Pursuant to the FCT Regulations, the FCT may issue Series of Class A Notes, from time to time, on any Issue 
Date during the Revolving Period.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Prior to the Base Prospectus Date, the FCT has issued the following Class A Notes which are still outstanding: 
€675,000,000 Class A2017-1 Notes. The Class A2017-1 Notes shall not be assimilated and/or form a single series 
with any Series of Class A20xx-y Notes to be issues by the FCT. 
Pursuant to the FCT Regulations, on the Closing Date, the FCT issued Residual Units. 
Placement, listing, admission to trading and settlement 
Placement 
All Class A Programme Notes will be offered for subscription in accordance with this Base Prospectus and 
will be subscribed in full by the Class A Notes Subscriber on each Issue Date. 
The Residual Units were not offered for subscription other than to the Seller and were subscribed in full by the 
Seller on the Closing Date. 
Listing, Admission to Trading and Settlement 
The Class A2017-1 Notes are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and are admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market and are admitted to the CSDs.  
The Class A Programme Notes will be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and will 
be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market and will be admitted to the 
CSDs. 
None of the Residual Units will be: 
(a) 
listed on any French or foreign stock exchange or traded on any French or foreign securities market 
(whether regulated within the meaning of Articles L. 421–1 et seq. of the Code or over the counter); 
and 
(b) 
accepted for settlement through the CSDs or any other French or foreign settlement system. 
Selling Restrictions 
No offering material or document (including this Base Prospectus) has been (or will be) registered with the 
French Autorité des Marchés Financiers and the Class A Programme Notes may not be offered or sold to the 
public in France nor may the FCT Regulations, the Final Terms, any offering material or other document 
relating to the Class A Programme Notes be distributed or caused to be distributed, directly or indirectly, to 
the public in France. Such offers, sales and distributions may only be made in France to (i) providers of 
investment services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties, and/or (ii) qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all as defined in, and in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation (see the section entitled "Subscription and Sale– Selling and Transfer Restrictions - 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" on page 165). 
Ratings 
Class A Programme Notes 
It is a condition to the issue of the Class A Programme Notes that the Class A Programme Notes will, when 
issued, be assigned a rating no lower than "A (sf)" by DBRS and a rating no lower than "A2 (sf)" by Moody’s. 
Residual Units 
The Residual Units will not be rated by the Rating Agencies.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Rights and Obligations of the Class A Noteholders 
FCT Regulations 
Upon subscription or purchase of any Class A Note, a Class A Noteholder shall automatically and without any 
formalities (de plein droit) be bound by the provisions of the FCT Regulations, as they may be amended from 
time to time in accordance with the provisions of the FCT Regulations as described in the section entitled 
"Modifications to the Transaction" on page 175. 
Information 
The Class A Noteholders shall have the right to receive the information as described in the sections entitled 
"General Description of the FCT" on page 70 and "Operations of the FCT– Accounting principles and 
financial information" on page 92. They may not participate in the management of the FCT and, accordingly, 
shall incur no liability therefore. All prospective investors of Class A Programme Notes should consult their 
own professional advisers concerning any possible legal, tax, accounting, capital adequacy or financial 
consequences of buying, holding or selling any Class A Programme Note under French law and the applicable 
laws of their country of citizenship, residence or domicile. 
Management Company to act in the best interest of the Class A Noteholders 
The Management Company shall always act in the best interest of the Class A Noteholders. 
The FCT Regulations contain provisions requiring the Management Company to have regard for the interests 
of the Class A Noteholders. 
The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that in the event that the Management Company seeks from the 
Class A Noteholders their views in relation to a specific situation and that the Class A Noteholders do not 
express such views, the Management Company shall nevertheless act in their best interests, as provided for by 
the Code and the other applicable laws and regulations and shall not construe the lack of action from the Class 
A Noteholders as an expression of their interests, whether positive, negative or other. Each Class A Noteholder 
hereby acknowledges that in such a case, any decision or action made or performed by the Management 
Company will be deemed to be in the best interests of the Class A Noteholders. 
Limited Recourse 
Without limiting the scope of the obligations and the possibility of recourse of the FCT, by subscribing any 
Class A Note, each Class A Noteholder acknowledges that it shall have no direct right of action or recourse, 
under any circumstances whatsoever, against the Dealers under the Purchased Receivables and each Class A 
Noteholder expressly and irrevocably: 
(a) 
acknowledges that, in accordance with Articles L. 214-169 and L. 214-175. III of the Code, it has no 
claim whatsoever against the FCT for sums in excess of the amount of the FCT's assets available for 
making a payment in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments and the cash allocation 
provisions set out in the FCT Regulations, even if the FCT is liquidated; 
(b) 
acknowledges that, in accordance with Article L. 214-169 of the Code, the FCT's assets may only be 
subject to civil proceedings (mesures civiles d'exécution) in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments and the cash allocation provisions set out in the FCT Regulations; 
(c) 
to the extent that it may have any claim (including any contractual claim or action (action en 
responsabilité contractuelle) against the FCT the payment of which is not expressly contemplated 
under any applicable Priority of Payments and the cash allocation provisions set out in the FCT 
Regulations, undertakes to waive to demand payment of any such claim as long as all Class A Notes 
and Residual Units issued by the FCT have not been repaid in full; and

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
(d) 
acknowledges that in accordance with Article L. 214-175. III of the Code, provisions of Book VI of 
the French Commercial Code are not applicable to the FCT. 
After the relevant Legal Final Maturity Date, any principal and/or interest amount remaining unpaid in respect 
of the Class A Notes shall be automatically cancelled without any formalities (de plein droit) and as a result, 
with effect from the Legal Final Maturity Date, the Class A Noteholders shall no longer have any right to assert 
a claim in respect of the Class A Notes against the FCT. 
Liabilities of the FCT - Description of the Class B Loan 
The Class B Loan Facility 
The Class B Lender has agreed to make available to the FCT a euro revolving loan facility in an aggregate 
amount equal to the Class B Commitment.  
The FCT shall be entitled to utilise a Class B Loan on each Utilisation Date during the Revolving Period, in 
accordance with and subject to the Class B Loan Agreement. 
On any Utilisation Date, the amounts borrowed under the Class B Facility, together with the proceeds of 
issuance of the Class A Programme Notes, shall be used to fund the Purchase Price of the Receivables 
purchased on such date and/or to redeem the Class B Loan the Expected Maturity Date of which falls on or 
before such Utilisation Date and/or to reimburse the Series of Class A Notes previously issued by the FCT 
with an Expected Maturity Date falling on such Issue Date. 
Litigation and arbitration proceedings 
The FCT has not been and is not involved for the last twelve (12) months in any litigation, arbitration, 
governmental or legal proceedings that may have any material adverse effect on its financial situation. The 
Management Company is not aware of any such proceedings or arbitration proceedings that are imminent, 
pending or threatened, and which could adversely affect the FCT's business, results, operations and/or financial 
situation.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings pending or, 
to the Management Company’s best knowledge, threatened against the FCT which may have significant effect 
on the FCT and/or its financial position or profitability. 
Material Contracts 
Apart from the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the FCT has not entered into any material 
contracts other than in the ordinary course of its business. 
Financial Statements 
The FCT has incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus the financial statements listed in the section 
entitled "Documents incorporated by reference" on page 181. 
Relevant Parties 
The Management Company 
General 
The Management Company is Paris Titrisation, a société par actions simplifiée à associé unique incorporated 
under, and governed by, the laws of France, licensed by, and subject to the supervision and regulation of, the 
Autorité des Marchés Financiers, as a société de gestion de portefeuille (a portfolio management company 
licensed to manage securitisation undertakings) whose registered office is located at 17 Cours Valmy, 92972,

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Paris la Défense Cedex, France, registered with the Trade and Companies Register of Bobigny under number 
379 014 095.  
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the composition of the share capital of the Management Company is as 
follows: 
Société Générale: 100% 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, Paris Titrisation had a share capital of EUR 228,673.53. The Management 
Company's telephone number is +33 (0)1 42 14 96 78. 
Managers of the Management Company as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
Managers  
Names 
Function 
Business Address 
Romina Rosto 
President of the Management 
Company (and managing director 
at Société Générale) 
17 Cours Valmy  
Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
Karina Pudelko 
Chief Operating Officer 
17 Cours Valmy  
Paris La Défense CedexFrance 
Copies of the financial statements of the Management Company can be obtained at the Trade and Companies 
Registry of Bobigny (France). 
Significant business activities of the Management Company 
The sole purpose of Paris Titrisation is the management of French securitisation vehicles (organismes de 
titrisation). 
No member of the board of directors of Paris Titrisation is involved in the day-to-day management of the FCT. 
Duties and responsabilities of the Management Company 
It represents the FCT vis-à-vis third parties and in any legal proceedings, whether as plaintiff or defendant, and 
is responsible for the management and operations of the FCT. Subject to supervision (contrôle a posteriori) 
by Société Générale, acting in its capacity as Custodian, the Management Company shall take all steps which 
it deems necessary or desirable to protect the FCT's rights in, to and under the Purchased Receivables. It shall 
be bound to act at all times in the best interest of the holders of the Class A Notes. 
The responsibilities of the Management Company are set out in the FCT Regulations. These responsibilities 
include, without limitation: 
(a) 
ensuring, on the basis of the information provided to it for this purpose by any relevant party as 
referenced thereunder, that (i) the Seller complies with its obligations towards the FCT and the 
Management Company under the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and (ii) the 
Servicer complies with its obligations towards the FCT or the Management Company under the terms 
of the Servicing Agreement;  
(b) 
managing the FCT Accounts to which Collections in respect of the Purchased Receivables will be 
credited;

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
(c) 
calculating the amounts due to the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Lender, the Seller, and any amount 
due to any third party, in accordance with the terms of the FCT Regulations; 
(d) 
supervising the FCT Cash Manager in respect of the investment of the available monies standing to 
the credit of the FCT Accounts in accordance with the Transaction Documents; 
(e) 
purchasing further Eligible Receivables, in accordance with the terms of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and the FCT Regulations; 
(f) 
borrowing a Class B Loan in accordance with the terms of the Class B Loan Agreement and the FCT 
Regulations; and  
(g) 
preparing the Monthly Investor Report. 
In performing its duties, in particular as described under paragraph (a) above the Management Company shall 
be entitled to assume, in the absence of actual notice to the contrary, that the representations and warranties 
made by the Seller to the FCT and to the Management Company, as set out in the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, were and are true and accurate when given or deemed to be given, and that the Seller is at all times 
in compliance with its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. The Management 
Company has not made any enquiries or taken any steps, and will not make any enquiries or take any steps, to 
verify the accuracy of any representations and warranties or the compliance by the Seller with its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
The responsibilities of the Management Company, to the extent that they relate to the FCT, are owed 
exclusively to the FCT, the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Lender. 
At any time during the life of the FCT, the Management Company may subcontract or delegate to any third 
party (or to be represented or partially substituted by any third party in the performance of) part (but not all) 
of its obligations under the FCT Regulations in the exercise of such obligations, on the condition that, among 
others, the Management Company shall remain liable for the performance of its duties and obligations under 
the FCT Regulations vis-à-vis the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Lender and the Custodian. 
The management of the FCT may be transferred, at the request of the Management Company or, in certain 
circumstances, at the request of the Custodian, to another management company which is duly approved by 
the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, in the conditions set out in the FCT Regulations.  
The Management Company receives a fee from the FCT for acting as such. 
For the purposes of Article 7(2) of the Securitisation Regulation, the Management Company has been 
designated as the reporting entity (the Reporting Entity) and, as the Reporting Entity, it will fulfil the 
requirements of Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation either itself or shall procure that such requirements 
are fulfilled on its behalf. Accordingly, the Management Company shall make available the documents and 
information as described in the Section entitled "Regulatory Requirements – Information and disclosure 
requirements" on page 169. Without prejudice to such undertaking, on each Calculation Date, the Management 
Company will prepare and send the Monthly Investor Report to the Custodian. Knowing that the Custodian 
has an obligation to control the Monthly Investor Report after its publication, the Custodian shall make its best 
efforts to control the Monthly Investor Report at the latest on the third (3rd) Business Day before the 
immediately following the Payment Date. Unless the Custodian objects, the Management Company shall 
publish 
such 
Monthly 
Investor 
Report 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
DataWarehouse 
(https://editor.eurodw.eu/), on the website of any authorised securitisation repository (as defined in the 
Securitisation Regulation) once available or pursuant to such other method as the Management Company 
deems appropriate from time to time in accordance with the Securitisation Regulation, on the second (2nd) 
Business Day preceding such Payment Date. For the avoidance of doubt, such websites and the contents thereof 
do not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
The Custodian 
The Custodian is Société Générale, acting through its Securities Services department, a société anonyme 
incorporated in France and licensed as an établissement de crédit (credit institution) in France by the Autorité 
de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution under the provisions of Articles L. 511-9 et seq. of the Code. 
The Custodian shall, subject to the powers of the Noteholders, act in the best interests of the Noteholders and 
of the Residual Unitholders and shall, in accordance with Articles L. 214-175-2 et seq. and D. 214-233 of the 
Code, the AMF General Regulations and the Custodian Agreement, inter alia: 
(a) 
act as custodian of the assets of the FCT in accordance with Articles L. 214-175-2 and L. 214-175-4-
II of the Code;  
(b) 
hold on behalf of the FCT the Transfer Documents required by Articles L. 214-175-2-II, 2° and D. 214-
233 of the Code and relating to any purchase of Receivables by the FCT;  
(c) 
pursuant to Article L. 214-175-I of the Code, be responsible for supervising the compliance 
(régularité) of any decision of the Management Company; and  
(d) 
carry out such other tasks required to be performed pursuant to Articles L. 214-175-2 et seq. of the 
Code and the AMF General Regulations. 
The Custodian may delegate part of its duties to a third party, provided, however, that the Custodian shall 
remain liable to the FCT, the Noteholders and the Residual Unitholders for the performance of its duties 
regardless of any such delegation. 
The Custodian will receive a fee from the FCT for acting as such.  
At any time, the Management Company may substitute the Custodian with any duly authorised credit 
institution, upon prior notice of 60 calendar days to the Custodian. 
The FCT Account Bank and FCT Cash Manager 
The accounts of the FCT are held with the FCT Account Bank which, with the FCT Cash Manager, provide 
the FCT with banking and custody services relating to the bank accounts of the FCT including providing 
certain cash management services in relation to the FCT Accounts. In particular, the FCT Account Bank acts 
upon the instructions of the Management Company in relation to the operations of the FCT Accounts, in 
accordance with the provisions of the FCT Account and Cash Management Agreement.  
Appointment and mission 
Pursuant to the FCT Account and Cash Management Agreement, Société Générale, acting through its branch 
Paris Centre Entreprises, was appointed on or about the Signing Date as the FCT Account Bank by the 
Management Company, with the prior consent of the Custodian. The FCT Account Bank provides the FCT 
with banking and custody services relating to the bank accounts of the FCT. In particular, the FCT Account 
Bank acts upon instructions of the Management Company in relation to the operations of the FCT Accounts, 
in accordance with the terms of the FCT Account and Cash Management Agreement. In consideration for its 
mission thereunder, the FCT shall pay Société Générale in its capacity as the FCT Account Bank, a fee as set 
out in the section entitled "Third Party Expenses" on page 172, and in accordance with, and subject to, the 
terms of the FCT Regulations. 
Pursuant to the FCT Account and Cash Management Agreement, Société Générale, acting through its branch 
Paris Centre Entreprises, was appointed on or about the Signing Date as the FCT Account Bank by the 
Management Company, with the prior consent of the Custodian. The FCT Account Bank provides the FCT 
with banking and custody services relating to the bank accounts of the FCT. In particular, the FCT Account 
Bank acts upon instructions of the Management Company (and under the supervision of the Custodian) in

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
relation to the operations of the FCT Accounts, in accordance with the terms of the FCT Account and Cash 
Management Agreement. In consideration for its mission thereunder, the FCT shall pay Société Générale, in 
its capacity as FCT Cash Manager, a fee as set out in the section entitled "Third Party Expenses" on page 172, 
and in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the FCT Regulations. 
Termination of the appointment and resignation of the FCT Account Bank 
If the FCT Account Bank ceases to have the FCT Account Bank Required Ratings, then the Management 
Company may by written notice to the FCT Account Bank, terminate the appointment of the FCT Account 
Bank and will appoint, within 60 calendar days from the rating downgrade, a substitute account bank on the 
condition that such substitute account bank shall: (I) be an Eligible Bank; and (II) have agreed with the 
Management Company to perform the duties and obligations of the FCT Account Bank pursuant to and in 
accordance with terms satisfactory to the Management Company, and provided further that the termination of 
the appointment of the FCT Account Bank and the termination of the FCT Account and Cash Management 
Agreement shall not take effect until the appointment of the substitute account bank has become effective. In 
such event, the FCT Accounts shall be transferred to the substitute account bank. 
The FCT Account Bank shall not charge any fee upon the termination of its appointment in case of rating 
downgrade. Fees and expenses to attract a subsequent FCT Account Bank shall be paid by the FCT.  
If (i) the FCT Account Bank has materially breached its obligations under the FCT Account and Cash 
Management Agreement or (ii) on any date any representation or warranty made by the FCT Account Bank 
pursuant to the FCT Account and Cash Management Agreement is or proves to have been incorrect when 
made, or ceases to be correct with reference to the facts and circumstances prevailing at that date or (iii) an 
Insolvency Event has occurrence in respect of the FCT Account Bank, the Management Company shall by 
written notice to the FCT Account Bank, terminate the appointment of the FCT Account Bank and will appoint, 
within 60 calendar days a substitute account bank on condition that such substitute account bank shall: (I) be 
an Eligible Bank; and (II) have agreed with the Management Company to perform the duties and obligations 
of the FCT Account Bank pursuant to and in accordance with terms satisfactory to the Management Company, 
and provided, further, that such termination of the appointment of the FCT Account Bank shall not take effect 
until the appointment of the substitute account bank has become effective. In such event, the FCT Accounts 
shall be transferred to the substitute account bank. 
The FCT Account Bank may resign its appointment at any time upon not less than 30 calendar days' written 
notice to the Management Company (with a copy to the Custodian), provided, however, that such resignation 
shall not take effect until the following conditions are satisfied: (I) a substitute account bank shall have been 
appointed by the Management Company with the prior consent of the Custodian (such consent not being 
unreasonably withheld) and a new FCT account and cash management agreement has been entered into upon 
terms satisfactory to the Management Company and the Custodian and (II) the substitute account bank shall 
be an Eligible Bank.  
If no successor has been appointed by the Management Company within 90 days from the resignation of the 
FCT Account Bank, the FCT Account Bank shall be entitled to propose a substitute account bank to be 
appointed by the Management Company with the consent of the Custodian, provided that the Management 
Company and the Custodian shall not unreasonably withhold their consent to appoint the successor so selected 
by the FCT Account Bank.  
The costs and expenses relating to the resignation or termination of the appointment of the FCT Account Bank 
shall be borne by the FCT, except the costs incurred by the FCT Account Bank which shall be borne by the 
FCT Account Bank. 
Termination of the appointment and resignation of the FCT Cash Manager 
To the extent that the FCT Account Bank and the FCT Cash Manager are the same person, if the FCT Account 
Bank ceases to have the FCT Account Bank Required Ratings, then the Management Company shall, by

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
written notice to the FCT Cash Manager, terminate the appointment of the FCT Cash Manager and will appoint, 
within 60 calendar days a substitute cash manager on the condition that such substitute account bank shall: (I) 
be an Eligible Bank; and (II) have agreed with the Management Company with the prior consent of the 
Custodian to perform the duties and obligations of the FCT Cash Manager pursuant to and in accordance with 
terms satisfactory to the Management Company and the Custodian, and provided further that the termination 
of the appointment of the FCT Cash Manager shall not take effect until the appointment of the substitute cash 
manager has become effective. 
If (i) the FCT Cash Manager has materially breached its obligations under the FCT Account and Cash 
Management Agreement or (ii) on any date any representation or warranty made by the FCT Cash Manager 
pursuant to the FCT Account and Cash Management Agreement is or proves to have been incorrect when 
made, or ceases to be correct with reference to the facts and circumstances prevailing at that date or (iii) an 
Insolvency Event has occurrence in respect of the FCT Cash Manager, the Management Company may 
terminate the appointment of the FCT Cash Manager at any time, provided, however, that such termination 
shall not take effect until the following conditions are satisfied: (I) a substitute cash manager shall have been 
appointed by the Management Company and a new cash management agreement has been entered into upon 
terms satisfactory to the Management Company and the Custodian and (II) the appointment of the substitute 
cash manager shall have become effective. 
The FCT Cash Manager may resign its appointment at any time upon not less than 30 calendar days' written 
notice to the Management Company (with a copy to the Custodian), provided, however, that such resignation 
shall not take effect until the following conditions are satisfied: (I) a substitute cash manager shall have been 
appointed by the Management Company and a new cash management agreement has been entered into upon 
terms satisfactory to the Management Company and the Custodian and (II) the appointment of the substitute 
cash manager shall have become effective. If no successor has been appointed by the Management Company 
within 90 days from the resignation of the FCT Cash Manager, the FCT Cash Manager shall be entitled to 
propose a substitute cash manager to be appointed by the Management Company, provided that the 
Management Company shall not unreasonably withhold its consent to appoint the successor so selected by the 
FCT Cash Manager.  
The cost and expenses relating to the resignation or termination of the appointment of the FCT Cash Manager 
shall be borne by the FCT, except the costs incurred by the FCT Cash Manager which shall be borne by the 
FCT Cash Manager. 
The Servicer 
The Servicer is RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland. 
Appointment and mission 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Management Company has appointed the Seller as Servicer for the 
purposes of providing the services described in the Servicing Agreement. In consideration for its mission 
hereunder, the FCT shall pay the Servicer the Servicing Fee as set out in the section entitled "Third Party 
Expenses" on page 172, pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement and in accordance with, and subject 
to, the terms of the FCT Regulations. In accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the Servicing Agreement 
and Article L. 214-172 of the Code, the Servicer shall be liable to the FCT for the management and the 
servicing of the Purchased Receivables. The appointment and authority of the Servicer shall be effective from 
(and including) the Closing Date to (and including) the FCT Liquidation Date, unless terminated earlier in 
accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement. 
Termination 
The Management Company shall be entitled to terminate the appointment of the Servicer upon the occurrence 
of a Seller or Servicer Termination Event which is continuing, in accordance with and subject to the terms of 
the Servicing Agreement. In such circumstances, the Management Company shall coordinate with the Class

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
A Noteholders (with the exception of the Seller or Affiliate of the Seller if such an entity holds Class A Notes) 
to appoint a substitute servicer, in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of Article L. 214-172 of the 
Code and of the Servicing Agreement. 
The Data Protection Trustee 
The personal data of the Dealers provided by the Seller to the FCT will be encrypted to protect the 
confidentiality of the identity of the Dealers and the key to such encrypted data will be kept by Société 
Générale, acting through Société Générale Securities Services, as Data Protection Trustee. 
Statutory Auditor 
Ernst & Young has been appointed as Statutory Auditor (commissaire aux comptes) of the FCT in accordance 
with Article L. 214-49-9 of the Code and shall be responsible for carrying out certain duties as set out in the 
FCT Regulations. Ernst & Young is registered as a chartered accountant with the Compagnie Nationale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes (CNCC).  
The Statutory Auditor shall be entitled to receive fees in accordance with the terms of the FCT Regulations.  
In accordance with applicable laws and regulations, the Statutory Auditor is required in particular: 
(a) 
to certify as true and accurate the FCT's accounts and ascertain that the information provided for by 
the management report and by the documents published by the Management Company are true and 
accurate;  
(b) 
to disclose to the directors of the Management Company, the AMF and the Custodian, as the case may 
be, any irregularities and inaccuracies it might become aware of in the course of its duties; and 
(c) 
to examine the information transmitted periodically to the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Lender, 
the Residual Unitholder(s) and the Rating Agencies by the Management Company and to prepare an 
annual report on the FCT Accounts for the benefit of the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Lender, the 
Residual Unitholder(s) and the Rating Agencies. 
Indebtedness Statement 
The indebtedness of the FCT on the date of this Base Prospectus will be as follows: 
Indebtedness 
€ 
Class A2017-1 Notes 
540,000,000 
Class B Loan 
141,400,000 
Residual Units 
300 
Total indebtedness 
681,400,300 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the FCT has no borrowings or indebtedness (save for the General Reserve 
Account and Class B Loans) in the nature of borrowings, term loans, liabilities under acceptance credits, 
charges or guarantees. 
Liquidation of the FCT 
Pursuant to the FCT Regulations and the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Management Company 
may decide to initiate the early liquidation of the FCT in accordance with Article L. 214-186 of the Code in 
the circumstances described in the section entitled "Operations of the FCT - Liquidation of the FCT" on page 
81. Except in such circumstances, the FCT shall be liquidated on the FCT Liquidation Date.

--- Page 82 ---
82

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
OPERATIONS OF THE FCT 
This section:  
(a) 
relates to the operation of the FCT during the Revolving Period, the Normal Amortisation Period and 
the Early Amortisation Period (as more detailed below);and  
(b) 
contains the applicable Priority of Payments which will be applied depending on the relevant period. 
Description of the Relevant Periods 
The rights of the Class A Noteholders to receive payments of principal and interest under the Class A Notes at 
any time are determined by the period then applicable. The relevant periods are: 
(a) 
the Revolving Period; 
(a) 
the Normal Amortisation Period; and 
(b) 
the Early Amortisation Period. 
Revolving Period 
Duration 
The Revolving Period is the period from (and including) the Closing Date to the earlier of: 
(a) 
the Revolving Period Scheduled End Date (included); and 
(b) 
the day (excluded) following the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event or an FCT Liquidation 
Event. 
Operation of the FCT during the Revolving Period 
During the Revolving Period, the FCT:  
(a) 
has issued the Residual Units on the Closing Date;  
(b) 
has purchased Eligible Receivables and will have the ability to purchase new Eligible Receivables 
from the Seller on each Purchase Date in accordance with the terms of the FCT Regulations and the 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement; 
(c) 
has issued Class A2017-1 Notes on the Closing Date and, from the 2022 Closing Date may issue Series 
of Class A Programme Notes from time to time on any Issue Date in accordance with the FCT 
Regulations; 
(d) 
borrowed a Class B Loan on the Closing Date and, if applicable, on each Utilisation Date and will 
borrow, on each subsequent Utilisation Date, a further Class B Loan of an amount equal to the Class 
B Loan Utilisation Amount as set out in the Class B Loan Agreement and the FCT Regulations.  
(e) 
has made optional partial amortisation of one or several Series of Class A Notes; and 
(f) 
has provided and will provide repayment of the outstanding Class B Loan in accordance with, and 
subject to, the principles set out in the Class B Loan Agreement and the FCT Regulations;  
During the Revolving Period, the FCT operates as follows:

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
On each Payment Date: 
(a) 
payment of the FCT Expenses shall be made in accordance with, and subject to, the Priority of 
Payments applicable to the Revolving Period; 
(b) 
pursuant to the FCT Regulations, the Management Company, acting in the name and on behalf of the 
FCT, shall be entitled to issue one or more further Series of Class A20xx-y Notes and shall borrow a 
Class B Loan in accordance with the relevant provisions of the FCT Regulations (in particular, 
provided that the conditions precedent set out in the Section entitled "General Provisions Applicable 
to the Notes– Procedure relating to the Issuance of Notes" on page 99); 
(c) 
the Class A Noteholders shall receive interest payments on a pari passu basis and pro rata their then 
outstanding amount, irrespective of their respective Issue Dates and Series pursuant to the Priority of 
Payments applicable to the Revolving Period; and 
(d) 
the Class B Lender shall receive interest payments pursuant to the Priority of Payments applicable to 
the Revolving Period;  
(e) 
the Class A Noteholders of each Class of Notes and the Class B Lender shall receive principal 
repayments on each Payment Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments applicable to the 
Revolving Period, provided that: 
(a) 
the Series of Class A Notes having an Expected Maturity Date falling on such Payment Date 
shall be fully repaid and for the Series of Class A Notes that are subject to partial amortisation 
(as detailed below), in an amount equal to the relevant Class A Notes Partial Amortisation 
Amount, in each case, as applicable, on a pari passu basis and pro rata their then outstanding 
amount; and 
(b) 
the Class B Lender shall receive repayments of principal in an amount equal to the Class B 
Loan Amortisation Amount as at such Payment Date (such repayment being subject to set-off 
with the amount to be borrowed under the Class B Loan corresponding to the Class B Loan 
Utilisation Amount on such Payment Date); 
(f) 
the FCT shall be entitled to purchase new Eligible Receivables from the Seller subject to the 
satisfaction of the applicable Conditions Precedent and in such case the FCT shall pay to the Seller the 
Purchase Price in accordance with the provisions of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and 
of the FCT Regulations, as set out in the Section entitled "Purchase and Servicing of the Receivables" 
on page 133 pursuant to the Priority of Payments applicable to the Revolving Period; 
(g) 
the Residual Units shall not receive any principal repayment but shall receive payment of remuneration 
(if any), in accordance with, and subject to, the Priority of Payments applicable to the Revolving 
Period; and 
(h) 
Series of Class A Notes may be partially redeemed if the Seller elects, further to the occurrence of an 
Optional Partial Amortisation Event, to exercise its Partial Amortisation Option in accordance with 
the following terms and the Transaction Documents: 
(i) 
no Optional Partial Amortisation Event may occur during the Revolving Period if an Early 
Amortisation Event other than an Excess Cash Event has occurred; 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of an Optional Partial Amortisation Event, the Management 
Company shall give notice of the same to the Seller, with a copy to the Custodian, on the 
immediately following Partial Amortisation Option Day; and

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
(iii) 
following the receipt of such notice by the Seller from the Management Company on the 
Partial Amortisation Option Day, the Seller will be entitled to exercise on such Partial 
Amortisation Option Day its Partial Amortisation Option by requesting, in accordance with 
the provisions of the section titled “Partial Amortisation Procedure” below, (A) the partial 
amortisation of the Class A Notes up to the Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount and 
(B) a reduction of the Class B Commitment and the Class B Loan Utilisation Amount (in 
accordance with the definition of such expression), so that after the exercise of such Partial 
Amortisation Option, the sum of the Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes and 
of the Class B Loan Utilisation Amount on the Payment Date corresponding to the Collection 
Period during which the Optional Partial Amortisation Event occurred is higher or equal to 
the Pool Balance on the Business Day following the relevant Cut-Off Date (after the purchase 
of further Receivables, if any and as the case may be).  
Partial Amortisation procedure 
(a) 
During the Revolving Period, following the occurrence of an Optional Partial Amortisation Event, the 
Management Company shall give notice in writing of the same to the Seller, with copy to the 
Custodian, on the immediately following Partial Amortisation Option Day and shall notify the 
Maximum Optional Partial Amortisation Amount. 
(b) 
Following the receipt of such notice by the Seller from the Management Company on the Partial 
Amortisation Option Day, the Seller will be entitled to exercise on such Partial Amortisation Option 
Date its Partial Amortisation Option by notifying in writing the Management Company : 
(i) 
that a Partial Amortisation Option is exercised; and 
(ii) 
the relevant Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amounts.  
(c) 
Upon the exercise by the Seller of its Partial Amortisation Option, the Management Company shall 
verify that the aggregated Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount do not exceed the Maximum 
Optional Partial Amortisation Amount and shall notify in writing by no later than three Business Days 
after the relevant Partial Amortisation Option Day to each relevant Class A Noteholder: 
(i) 
that a Optional Partial Amortisation Event has occurred;  
(ii) 
the relevant Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amounts applicable to its Series of Class A 
Notes; and 
(iii) 
the Maximum Optional Partial Amortisation Amount.  
(d) 
On the following Payment Date, the Management Company shall, subject to the relevant Priority of 
Payments, partially or fully (as the case may be) amortise the Series of Class A Notes in respect of 
which the relevant Class A Noteholder has requested a partial amortisation up to the respective Class 
A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount. 
(e) 
Information regarding the Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount will be included in the relevant 
Monthly Investor Report. 
Normal Amortisation Period 
Duration 
The Normal Amortisation Period is the period from the end of the Revolving Period to the earlier of: 
(a) 
the Payment Date on which the Class A Notes and the Class B Loan are redeemed in full;

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
(b) 
the Legal Final Maturity Date; and 
(c) 
the day of the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event or the day (excluded) on which a Liquidation 
Notice is served. 
Operations of the FCT during the Normal Amortisation Period 
During the Normal Amortisation Period, the Management Company, acting in the name and on behalf of the 
FCT, shall not be entitled to purchase any Eligible Receivable. 
During the Normal Amortisation Period, the FCT operates as follows: 
(a) 
payment of the FCT Expenses shall be made in accordance with, and subject to, the Priority of 
Payments applicable to the Normal Amortisation Period; 
(b) 
the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Lender shall receive interest payments pursuant to the Priority 
of Payments applicable to the Normal Amortisation Period, provided that: 
(i) 
the Class A Noteholders shall receive, on each Payment Date, interest payments, pursuant to 
the applicable Priority of Payments and on a pari passu basis pro rata the outstanding amount 
of Class A Notes they hold; and 
(ii) 
the Class B Lender shall receive, on each Payment Date, interest payments, pursuant to the 
applicable Priority of Payments;  
(c) 
the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Lender shall receive principal repayments in accordance with 
the Priority of Payments applicable to the Normal Amortisation Period, provided that: 
(i) 
the Class A Noteholders shall receive, on each Payment Date, repayments of principal in an 
amount equal to the Class A Notes Amortisation Amount as at such Payment Date (subject to 
the rounding at each Class A Note level); and 
(ii) 
the Class B Lender shall receive, on each Payment Date, repayments of principal in an amount 
equal to the Class B Loan Amortisation Amount as at such Payment Date, 
and provided always that no payments of principal in respect of the Class B Loan shall be made as 
long as the Class A Notes are not fully redeemed; and 
(d) 
after payment of all sums due according to the applicable Priority of Payments and only once the Class 
A Notes and the Class B Loan have all been redeemed in full, any remaining credit balance of the 
General Account shall be allocated in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments first to the 
Seller up to the General Reserve Decrease Amounts as repayment of the deposit made by the Seller 
under the General Reserve Agreement and then to the Residual Unitholders as payment of interest. 
Early Amortisation Period 
Duration 
The Early Amortisation Period is the period from the day following the occurrence of an Early Amortisation 
Event to the earlier of: 
(a) 
the Payment Date on which the Class A Notes and the Class B Loan are redeemed in full;  
(b) 
the Legal Final Maturity Date; and 
(c) 
the day (excluded) on which a Liquidation Notice is served.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Early Amortisation Events 
Any of the following events shall constitute an early amortisation event (each, an Early Amortisation Event): 
(a) 
an Insolvency Event in respect of a Manufacturer;  
(b) 
a Seller or Servicer Termination Event; 
(c) 
any payment obligation of the FCT becomes ineffective or unenforceable, except if this event is 
remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days, or any other provision of any Transaction Document 
becomes ineffective or unenforceable except if this event is remedied within thirty (30) calendar days; 
(d) 
the FCT fails to pay interest accrued under any Class A Note, if not remedied within three (3) Business 
Days; 
(e) 
the FCT fails to pay principal under any Class A Note on the Legal Final Maturity Date;  
(f) 
the Class B Lender fails to fund any Class B Loan Required Increase Amount on a Payment Date; 
(g) 
failure to fund the General Reserve Increase Amount on a Payment Date;  
(h) 
an Asset-Liability Trigger Event;  
(i) 
a Pool Payment Rate Trigger Event; 
(j) 
an Excess Cash Event (only during Revolving Period);  
(k) 
it becomes unlawful for the Class B Lender to perform any of its obligations as contemplated by the 
Class B Loan Agreement or to fund or maintain the Class B Loan. 
(l) 
at any time, the Management Company becomes aware that, for more than 30 calendar days, either of 
the Custodian, the FCT Account Bank or the Servicer is not in a position to comply with or perform 
its obligations or undertakings under the terms of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, 
for any reason whatsoever (including the withdrawal of a relevant licence or authorisation) and the 
relevant entity has not been replaced in accordance with the provisions of the FCT Regulations and/or 
of the relevant Transaction Document, as applicable; and 
(m) 
at any time, the Custodian becomes aware that, for more than 30 calendar days, the Management 
Company is not in a position to comply with or perform its obligations or undertakings under the terms 
of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, for any reason whatsoever (including the 
withdrawal of the relevant licence or authorisation) and it has not been replaced in accordance with 
the provisions of the FCT Regulations.  
Operations of the FCT during the Early Amortisation Period 
During the Early Amortisation Period, the Management Company, acting in the name and on behalf of the 
FCT, shall not be entitled to purchase any Eligible Receivable. 
During the Early Amortisation Period, the FCT operates as follows: 
(a) 
payment of the FCT Expenses shall be made in accordance with, and subject to, the Priority of 
Payments applicable to the Normal Amortisation Period; 
(b) 
the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Lender shall receive interest payments pursuant to the Priority 
of Payments applicable to the Early Amortisation Period, provided that:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(i) 
the Class A Noteholders shall receive, on each Payment Date, interest payments, pursuant to 
the applicable Priority of Payments and on a pro rata and pari passu basis the outstanding 
amount of Class A Notes they hold; and 
(ii) 
the Class B Lender shall receive, on each Payment Date, interest payments, pursuant to the 
applicable Priority of Payments;  
(c) 
the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Lender shall receive principal repayments in accordance with 
the Priority of Payments applicable to the Early Amortisation Period, provided that: 
(i) 
the Class A Noteholders shall receive, on each Payment Date, repayments of principal up to 
the Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes on such Payment Date until the Class 
A Notes are redeemed in full; and 
(ii) 
the Class B Lender shall receive, on each Payment Date, repayments of principal up to the 
Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class B Loan on such Payment Date until such Class B 
Loan is redeemed in full, 
and provided always that no payments of interest or principal in respect of the Class B Loan shall be 
made as long as the Class A Notes are not fully redeemed; and  
(d) 
after payment of all sums due according to the applicable Priority of Payments and only once the Class 
A Notes and the Class B Loan have all been redeemed in full, any remaining credit balance of the 
General Account shall be allocated in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments first to the 
Seller up to the General Reserve Decrease Amounts as repayment of the deposit made by the Seller 
under the General Reserve Agreement and then to the Residual Unitholders as payment of interest and 
principal. 
Determinations and instructions 
Determinations 
On each Payment Date, the Available Distribution Amount will be applied in making the payments referred to 
in the applicable Priority of Payments. 
Prior to any Payment Date, the Management Company shall make the appropriate determinations, calculations 
and distributions in respect of the applicable Priority of Payments.  
In case where the Servicer fails to provide the Management Company with the Daily Servicer Report on a 
given Purchase Date and the Management Company is not in a position to make certain calculations necessary 
to give the instructions required to apply the Priority of Payments applicable on the relevant Payment Date, 
the Management Company may estimate, on the basis of the latest information received from the Servicer 
pursuant to the Servicing Agreement and from the FCT Account Bank, as applicable, the Available 
Distribution Amount and the amounts due under the relevant Priority of Payments in order to make payments 
in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
For this purpose, on the relevant date, the Management Company shall calculate, without limitation:  
(a) 
the amounts due to the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Lender, the Seller, and any amount due to 
any third party, in accordance with the terms of the FCT Regulations and the applicable Priority of 
Payments; 
(b) 
on the Business Day following each Cut-Off Date, during the Revolving Period:  
(i) 
the Class A Notes Target Amount;

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
(ii) 
any Maximum Optional Partial Amortisation Amount; 
(iii) 
any Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount applicable to each Series of Class A Notes; 
(iv) 
all Class A Notes Issue Amount; 
(v) 
the Class B Loan Target Amount; 
(vi) 
the Class B Loan Required Decrease Amount; 
(vii) 
the Class B Loan Required Increase Amount; 
(viii) 
the Class B Loan Target Ratio;  
(ix) 
the Class B Loan Utilisation Amount; 
(x) 
the Class B Loan Equivalent Partial Amortisation Amount; 
(xi) 
the Target Retention Amount; 
(xii) 
the Required Credit Enhancement Percentage; 
(xiii) 
the Principal Buffer Amount; 
(xiv) 
the Principal Accumulation Amount; and 
(xv) 
the Target Pool Amount; and 
(c) 
on each Calculation Date, the Monthly Pool Payment Rate, the Required General Reserve Amount, 
the General Reserve Decrease Amount (if any), the General Reserve Increase Amount (if any), the 
Transfer Fee Amount and the Additional Transfer Fee Amount,  
and shall send of a copy of such calculations to the Custodian. 
Instructions 
The Management Company shall, under the supervision of the Custodian, make the relevant decisions and 
give the necessary instructions to the FCT Account Bank and the Paying Agent (with copy to the Custodian), 
in order that the Priority of Payments, to be implemented on any Payment Date in accordance with, and subject 
to, the provisions of the FCT Regulations, can be applied. 
Priorities of Payments  
Revolving Priority of Payments  
On each Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the Available Distribution Amount will be allocated to 
the following payments of the FCT in such priority order: 
(a) 
payment (or provision for the payment) of all FCT Expenses; 
(b) 
on a pro rata and pari passu basis, payment of the Class A Notes Interest Amount to the Class A 
Noteholders; 
(c) 
transfer to the General Reserve Account an amount up to the Required General Reserve Amount at the 
previous Payment Date less any General Reserve Decrease Amount;

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
(d) 
payment pari passu and pro rata of (i) the principal amount of all Series of Class A Notes for which 
the Expected Maturity Date falls on such Payment Date and (ii) upon the occurrence of an Optional 
Partial Amortisation Event, the amortisation of each Series of Class A Notes for which the Seller has 
exercised its Partial Amortisation Option in an amount equal to the relevant Class A Partial 
Amortisation Amount;  
(e) 
retention on the General Account of an amount equal to the Target Retention Amount;  
(f) 
payment of the Class B Loan Interest Amount to the Class B Lender and, as the case may be, in priority 
to such payment, payment of the Class B Loan Interest Amount on previous Payment Dates remaining 
unpaid; 
(g) 
payment of the Class B Loan Amortisation Amount to the Class B Lender (to the extent not set-off 
against the Class B Loan Utilisation Amount borrowed by the FCT on such date as agreed between 
the Management Company, the Custodian and the Class B Lender pursuant to the Class B Loan 
Agreement) and, as the case may be, in priority to such payment, payment of any Class B Loan 
Amortisation Amount due on previous Payment Dates and remaining unpaid with respect of any Class 
B Loan having an earlier Expected Maturity Date; and 
(h) 
payment of any remaining Available Distribution Amount to the holders of the Residual Units as 
interest under the Residual Units. 
Normal Amortisation Priority of Payments 
On each Payment Date during the Normal Amortisation Period, the Available Distribution Amount will be 
allocated to the following payments of the FCT in such priority order: 
(a) 
payment (or provision for the payment) of all FCT Expenses; 
(b) 
on a pro rata and pari passu basis, payment of the Class A Notes Interest Amount to the Class A 
Noteholders; 
(c) 
transfer to the General Reserve Account of an amount up to the Required General Reserve Amount at 
the previous Payment Date less any General Reserve Decrease Amount;  
(d) 
on a pro rata and pari passu basis, payment of the Class A Notes Amortisation Amount to the relevant 
Class A Noteholders; 
(e) 
payment of the Class B Loan Interest Amount to the Class B Lender and, as the case may be, in priority 
to such payment, payment of the Class B Loan Interest Amount on previous Payment Dates remaining 
unpaid; 
(f) 
payment of the Class B Loan up to the Class B Loan Amortisation Amount to the Class B Lender and, 
as the case may be, in priority to such payment, payment of any Class B Loan Amortisation Amount 
due on previous Payment Dates and remaining unpaid with respect of any Class B Loan having an 
earlier Expected Maturity Date;  
(g) 
payment of the General Reserve Decrease Amount (if any) to the Seller; 
(h) 
payment of any remaining credit balance on the General Account to the holders of the Residual Units 
as interest under the Residual Units, and 
(i) 
on the FCT Liquidation Date only, redemption in full of the Residual Units and payment of the FCT 
Liquidation Surplus to the holders of the Residual Units.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Early Amortisation Priority of Payments 
During the Early Amortisation Period and the Liquidation Period, the Available Distribution Amount of the 
FCT and proceeds from the liquidation of its assets, as the case may be, will be allocated to the following 
payments of the FCT in such priority order: 
(a) 
payment (or provision for the payment) of all FCT Expenses; 
(b) 
on a pro rata and pari passu basis, payment of the Class A Notes Interest Amount to the Class A 
Noteholders;  
(c) 
transfer to the General Reserve Account of an amount up to the Required General Reserve Amount at 
the previous Payment Date less any General Reserve Decrease Amount;  
(d) 
on a pari passu and pro rata basis, payment up to the Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class A 
Notes to the relevant Class A Noteholders until the Class A Notes are redeemed in full; 
(e) 
payment of the Class B Loan Interest Amount to the Class B Lender and, as the case may be, in priority 
to such payment, payment of the Class B Loan Interest Amount on previous Payment Dates remaining 
unpaid; 
(f) 
payment up to the Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class B Loan until the outstanding Class B 
Loan is redeemed in full and, as the case may be, in priority to such payment, payment of any Principal 
Outstanding Amount due with respect of any Class B Loan having an earlier Expected Maturity Date; 
(g) 
payment of the General Reserve Decrease Amount (if any) to the Seller; and 
(h) 
on the FCT Liquidation Date only, redemption in full of the Residual Units and payment of the FCT 
Liquidation Surplus to the holders of the Residual Units. 
General principles applicable to the Priorities of Payments  
Unless expressly provided to the contrary, in the event that the credit balance of the General Account is not 
sufficient to pay any amount due under a particular item of any of the Priority of Payments:  
(a) 
the relevant creditors (if more than one) entitled to receive a payment under such paragraph shall be 
paid in no order inter se but pari passu in proportion to their respective claims against the FCT (except 
in respect of the FCT Expenses, which shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of the FCT 
Regulations);  
(b) 
any unpaid amount(s) shall be deferred and shall be payable on the immediately following Payment 
Date in priority to the amounts due on that following Payment Date under the relevant item of the 
Priority of Payments (without prejudice to the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event or FCT 
Liquidation Event); and 
(c) 
such deferred unpaid amounts shall not bear interest. 
Investment of the FCT available cash 
FCT available cash 
Following the application of the Priority of Payments set out in the FCT Regulations, the monies available to 
the FCT for investment shall be, at most, the sum standing from time to time at the credit of the FCT Accounts. 
The sums standing from time to time at the credit of the FCT Accounts corresponding to the Principal Buffer 
Amount may be invested in Eligible Investment upon prior request of the Seller.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Eligible Investments 
The FCT Cash Manager shall only be entitled to invest the sum standing from time to time at the credit of the 
FCT Accounts into the Eligible Investments, based on the instructions from the Management Company (with 
prior consent of the Seller), which shall ensure that (i) the FCT Cash Manager complies with the investment 
rules described below and (ii) the Eligible Investments are exclusive of any tranches of other asset-backed 
securities, do not and shall not consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially, of credit-linked notes, swaps, 
derivatives instruments or synthetic securities. The Custodian shall supervise the implementation by the 
Management Company of the investment rules set out below (including ensuring that all such investments are 
in fact Eligible Investments and that the requirements as to maturity, described below, are also met). For this 
purpose, the Management Company shall inform the Custodian of the ratings given by the Rating Agencies to 
the Eligible Investments or any issuers of such Eligible Investments (when relevant), provided that the 
Management Company has previously received such information from the FCT Cash Manager. 
Investment Rules 
Based on the instructions from the Management Company, the FCT Cash Manager shall arrange for the 
investment of the sum standing from time to time at the credit of the FCT Accounts.  The Management 
Company will ensure that the sum standing from time to time at the credit of the FCT Accounts is invested in 
accordance with the provisions set out above, and shall remain liable therefor vis-à-vis the Class A Noteholders 
and the Class B Lender. 
These investment rules aim at both avoiding any risk of capital loss and providing for the selection of securities 
containing a credit rating which would adversely affect the level of security afforded to the Class A 
Noteholders. An investment shall never be made for a maturity ending after the Business Day prior to the 
Payment Date which immediately follows the date upon which such investment was made, nor shall it be 
disposed of prior to its maturity, except in exceptional circumstances and for the sole purposes of protecting 
the interests of the Class A Noteholders. Such circumstances will be (i) a material adverse change in the legal, 
financial or economic situation of the issuer of the relevant security(ies) or (ii) the risk of the occurrence of a 
market disruption or an inter-bank payments system failure on or about the maturity date of the relevant 
security(ies). 
Accounting principles and financial information 
General 
Pursuant to Article L. 214-48-V of the Code, the Management Company shall establish the accounts of the 
FCT. The Management Company shall, under the supervision of the Custodian, provide for accounting 
information relating to the FCT when drawing up the reports at the end of the financial year and the half-yearly 
reports, as described below, pursuant to the current and applicable accounting rules and practices. The statutory 
auditor of the FCT shall certify the accounts of the FCT. 
Annual Information  
Within three months following the end of each financial year, the Management Company shall prepare, under 
the supervision of the Custodian and in accordance with the then current and applicable accounting rules and 
practices, an annual activity report in relation to such financial year containing: 
(a) 
the following accounting documents: 
(i) 
the inventory of the assets of the FCT, including: 
(A) 
the inventory of the Purchased Receivables; and 
(B) 
the amount and the distribution of the FCT's available cash; and

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
(ii) 
the annual accounts and the schedules referred to the recommendation of the French 
Accounting Rules Authority (Autorité des Normes Comptables) and, as the case may be, a 
detailed report on the debts of the FCT and the guarantees it has received during the same 
period of time; 
(b) 
a management report consisting of: 
(i) 
the nature, amount and proportion of all fees and expenses borne by the FCT during the 
relevant financial year; 
(ii) 
the certified level during the relevant financial year of temporarily available sums and the 
sums pending allocation as compared to the assets of the FCT; 
(iii) 
the description of the transactions carried out on behalf of the FCT during the relevant 
financial year;  
(iv) 
information relating to the Purchased Receivables, the Class A Notes issued by the FCT and 
the Class B Loans borrowed by the FCT; and 
(v) 
more generally, any information required in order to comply with the applicable instructions 
and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; 
(c) 
any change made to the main features of the Transaction Documents and any event which may have 
an impact on the Class A Notes and/or Residual Units issued by the FCT and on the Class B Loan 
borrowed by the FCT; and 
(d) 
any information required, as the case may be, by the laws and regulations in force. 
The Statutory Auditor shall certify the annual accounts and verify the information contained in the annual 
activity report. 
Half-yearly information 
Within (3) months after the end of the first half of the financial year, the Management Company shall prepare 
and publish, in accordance with the then current and applicable accounting rules and practices and under the 
supervision of the Custodian, a report of activity for the first half of the year which shall include:  
(a) 
the financial statements prepared by the Management Company mentioning their review by the 
Statutory Auditor; these financial statements shall be prepared on a half-yearly basis including the 
inventory of the assets as specified in paragraph (a)(i) of the above Section entitled “Annual 
Information” and the statement as to the liabilities;  
(b) 
the information specified in paragraphs (b)(ii), (b)(iii) and (b)(iv) of the above Section entitled “Annual 
Information”; and  
(c) 
any changes made to the rating reports on the Class A Notes and to the main features of the Base 
Prospectus and any event which may have an impact on the Class A Notes issued by the FCT. 
The Statutory Auditor shall certify that the accuracy of the information contained in the interim report. 
Additional Information: Monthly Investor Report 
The Management Company will prepare and on each Calculation Date, deliver to the Class A Noteholders, the 
Class B Lender and the Rating Agencies, the Monthly Investor Report, to be sent on the Calculation Date, 
containing, inter alia, information relating to the performance of the Purchased Receivables, which shall be 
based on the information contained in each Daily Servicer Report.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
The Management Company will publish via any means that it deems appropriate any information regarding 
the Seller, the Servicer, the Purchased Receivables, the Class A Notes and the Class B Loan and the 
management of the FCT which it considers significant in order to ensure adequate and accurate information 
for the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Lender. 
The Management Company will be responsible for publishing any additional information as often as it deems 
appropriate according to the circumstances affecting the FCT. 
Availability of Information 
The annual report and all other documents prepared and published by the Management Company shall be 
provided by the Management Company to the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Lender who request such 
information and made available to the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Lender at the premises of the 
Management Company (see the section entitled "General Information" on page 177).  
The above information shall be released by mail. Such information will also be provided to the Rating Agencies 
and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Furthermore, the Management Company shall provide the Rating Agencies with copies of all reports and data 
in electronic form as may be agreed between the Management Company and the Rating Agencies from time 
to time. 
Custodian’s supervision  
In order to allow the Custodian to perform its supervisory duties in accordance with the applicable laws and 
regulations and the terms of the FCT Regulations, the Management Company shall deliver the draft of the 
documents referred to in the paragraphs entitled "Annual Information" and "Additional Information: Monthly 
Investor Report" above, by no later than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the scheduled date on which such 
documents shall be established, together with such information which has been necessary for the purposes of 
the establishment of the same that the Custodian may reasonably request. 
Liquidation of the FCT 
Procedure 
The Management Company shall, upon the occurrence of an FCT Liquidation Event, declare the liquidation 
of the FCT and serve a notice to that effect (the Liquidation Notice) to, inter alia, the Custodian, the Seller, 
the Servicer, the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Lender and shall carry out the liquidation of the FCT no 
later than six (6) months from the occurrence of such FCT Liquidation Event. 
The Management Company shall be required to deem the liquidation of the FCT to be in the best interests of 
the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Lender in the case of occurrence of the event referred to in paragraph 
(a) of the definition of FCT Liquidation Event if it is so directed by all the Class A Noteholders (or, in case of 
no outstanding Class A Notes, by the Class B Lender). 
Repurchase of the Receivables in some FCT Liquidation Events 
General 
When selling Purchased Receivables upon the liquidation of the FCT, the Management Company shall 
preserve the level of security afforded to Class A Noteholders by applying the procedures and principles set 
out in this section.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Upon the delivery of a Liquidation Notice, the Management Company shall propose to the Seller that it shall 
repurchase the remaining outstanding Purchased Receivables in accordance with and subject to the following 
provisions. 
Repurchase offer and acceptance 
The Management Company shall propose to the Seller to repurchase in whole (but not in part) all of the relevant 
outstanding Purchased Receivables (together with the related Ancillary Rights and the Related Security, if any) 
within a single transaction, for a repurchase price determined in the manner described in the paragraph entitled 
"Repurchase price of the Receivables". The Seller shall have the discretionary right to refuse such proposal. 
In the event of: 
(a) 
the Seller's acceptance of the Management Company's offer, the assignment of the Purchased 
Receivables shall take place on the next relevant Payment Date following that acceptance or such other 
date agreed between the Management Company, the Custodian and the Seller and the Seller shall pay 
the repurchase price on that date by wire transfer to the credit of the General Account; or 
(b) 
the Seller's refusal of the Management Company's offer, the Management Company will either (i) have 
those Purchased Receivables collected on its behalf or (ii) use its best endeavours to assign the 
remaining outstanding Purchased Receivables to a credit institution or such other entity authorised by 
French law and regulations to acquire the Purchased Receivables under similar terms and conditions 
(failing which the FCT shall keep title over such Purchased Receivables until their payment in full). 
Repurchase price of the Receivables 
The repurchase price of the Purchased Receivables together with the other items of the Available Distribution 
Amount shall be sufficient to repay in full the Class A Notes and all items senior in accordance with the 
relevant Early Amortisation Priority of Payments. 
Liquidation 
The Management Company shall liquidate the FCT upon the assignment of the Purchased Receivables as set 
out in the paragraph entitled "Repurchase price of the Receivables" above. Such liquidation is not conditional 
upon the payment in full of all of the creditors' debts against the FCT except in respect of the Class A 
Noteholders without prejudice to the application of the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Upon the liquidation of the FCT, after payment of all present and future liabilities of the FCT at such time vis-
à-vis any creditor, the liquidation surplus (boni de liquidation) (if any) of the FCT shall be paid pro rata and 
pari passu to the holder of the Residual Units in accordance with the Early Amortisation Priority of Payments. 
Duties of the Management Company 
The Management Company shall be responsible for the liquidation procedure of the FCT. For this purpose, it 
shall be vested with the broadest powers to sell the assets of the FCT and to distribute any residual monies. 
The Statutory Auditor and the Custodian shall continue to exercise their functions until the completion of the 
liquidation procedure of the FCT.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES AND THE RESIDUAL UNITS 
Legal status 
The Notes and the Residual Units are governed by French law and defined as being: 
(a) 
financial instruments (instruments financiers); 
(b) 
financial securities (titres financiers) within the meaning of Articles L. 211-1 and L. 211-2 of the 
Code;  
(c) 
debt securities (titres de créances) within the meaning of Article L. 213-0-1 of the Code; and 
(d) 
the Notes are French law obligations (obligations) within the meaning of Articles L. 213-5 and R. 214-
234-1 of the Code. 
The Class A Programme Notes will be issued by the FCT in bearer dematerialised form (en forme 
dématérialisée au porteur) in compliance with Article L. 211-3 of the Code. The Residual Units have been, 
issued in dematerialised registered form (en forme dématérialisée au nominatif) in compliance with Articles 
L. 211-3 et seq. of the Code. No physical documents of title are issued in respect of the Class A Notes and the 
Residual Units.  
Description of the Notes and Residual Units issued by the FCT 
Notes 
On the Closing Date, the FCT issued class A asset-backed floating rate notes for an aggregate principal amount 
of €675,000,000 (the Class A2017-1 Notes), pursuant to the FCT Regulations and the Terms and Conditions then 
in force. The Class A2017-1 Notes shall not be assimilated to and/or form a single series with any Series of Class 
A20xx-y Notes issued by the FCT. Following the application of a Partial Amortisation Option by the Seller on 
the October 2021 Payment Date, the Class A2017-1 Notes were amortised for an aggregate amount of 
€135,000,000. At the 2022 Closing Date, the aggregate principal amount of the Class A2017-1 Notes is equal to 
€540,000,000. 
From the 2022 Closing Date, the FCT may issue further Series of Class A20xx-y Notes, from time to time, on 
any Issue Date during the Revolving Period. Each issue of Class A Programme Notes is identified as an issue 
of Class A20xx-y Notes (i.e. issued in year "20xx" and corresponding to the Series number "y" of such year). 
Residual Units 
Pursuant to the FCT Regulations, on the Closing Date, the FCT has issued issue two (2) Residual Units of 
€150.00 each, which were subscribed by the Residual UnitHolder. 
Use of Proceeds 
On the Closing Date, the net proceeds of the issue of the Class A Notes and the net amount of the initial Class 
B Loan were used by the FCT to fund the Purchase Price to the Seller in respect of the Eligible Receivables 
transferred by the Seller to the FCT on the Closing Date. The excess of the net proceeds of the Class A Notes 
issued on the Closing Date and the net amount of the initial Class B Loan over the Purchase Price of the initial 
Receivables, was credited to the General Account. 
From the 2022 Closing Date, the proceeds of the issue of further Series of Class A Notes will be used by the 
FCT to fund the Purchase Price to the Seller in respect of the Eligible Receivables transferred by the Seller to 
the FCT on any Purchase Date and/or to redeem existing Series of Class A Notes on their Expected Maturity

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Date (or before such Expected Maturity Date upon the occurrence of an Optional Partial Amortisation Event).  
On any Utilisation Date, the amounts borrowed by the FCT under any Class B Loan shall be used to fund the 
Purchase Price of Eligible Receivables and/or to redeem previously borrowed Class B Loan on its Expected 
Maturity Date of which falls on or before such Utilisation Date and/or to reimburse the Series of Class A Notes 
previously issued by the FCT on the Expected Maturity Date of which falls on such Issue Date.  
Placement, listing, admission to trading and settlement 
Placement 
All Class A Programme Notes will be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market and subscribed by the Class 
A Notes Subscriber.  
The Residual Units were subscribed by the Residual Unitholder on the Closing Date. 
Listing Admission to Trading and admission to CSDs 
Upon their issuance, the Class A Programme Notes will be admitted to the CSDs, will be listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and will be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market. 
The Residual Units will not be: 
(a) 
listed on any French or foreign stock exchange or traded on any French or foreign securities market 
(whether regulated within the meaning of Articles L. 421-1 et seq. of the Code or over the counter); 
and 
(b) 
accepted for settlement through the CSDs or any other French or foreign central securities depositary. 
Selling Restrictions  
No offering material or document (including this Base Prospectus) has been (or will be) registered with the 
French Autorité des Marchés Financiers and the Class A Programme Notes may not be offered or sold to the 
public in France nor may the FCT Regulations, the Final Terms, any offering material or other document 
relating to the Class A Programme Notes be distributed or caused to be distributed, directly or indirectly, to 
the public in France. Such offers, sales and distributions may only be made in France to (i) providers of 
investment services relating to portfolio management for the account of third parties, and/or (ii) qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (see Sub-
sections entitled "Subscription and Sale – Selling and Transfer Restrictions - Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" on page 166 and "Subscription and Sale – Selling and Transfer Restrictions – France" on 
page 166).  
Ratings  
Class A Programme Notes 
The Class A Programme Notes to be issued from the 2022 Closing Date are expected to be assigned a rating 
no lower than "A (sf)" by DBRS and a rating no lower than "A2 (sf)" by Moody's. Subsequent Series of Class 
A20xx-y Notes will be assigned a rating by Moody’s and DBRS. 
Residual Units 
The Residual Units will not be rated.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE NOTEHOLDERS 
FCT Regulations 
Upon subscription or purchase of any Class A Note, a Class A Noteholder shall automatically and without any 
formalities (de plein droit) be bound by the provisions of the FCT Regulations, as they may be amended from 
time to time in accordance with their provisions as described in the Section entitled "Modifications to the 
Transaction" on page 175. 
Information 
The Class A Noteholders shall have the right to receive the information as described in the Section entitled 
"General Description of the FCT" on page 70 and "Accounting principles and financial information" on page 
92. They may not participate in the management of the FCT and, accordingly, shall incur no liability therefore. 
All prospective investors of Class A Notes should consult their own professional advisers concerning any 
possible legal, tax, accounting, capital adequacy or financial consequences of buying, holding or selling any 
Class A Note under French law and the applicable laws of their country of citizenship, residence or domicile. 
Management Company to act in the best interest of the Class A Noteholders 
The Management Company shall always act in the best interest of the Class A Noteholders, it being understood 
that if the Class A Noteholders give a unanimous written notice to the Management Company (whether at their 
own initiative or at the initiative of the Management Company), whereby the Class A Noteholders inform the 
Management Company that making a decision (or refraining from making the same) or performing an action 
or a specific procedure (or refraining from performing the same) would be in their best interests, then the 
Management Company shall be entitled, vis-à-vis the Class A Noteholders, to act in accordance with their 
interests as expressed by them under such notice. 
In the event that the Management Company seeks from the Class A Noteholders their views in relation to a 
specific situation and that the Class A Noteholders do not express such views, the Management Company shall 
nevertheless act in their best interests, as provided for by the Code and the other applicable laws and regulations 
and shall not construe the lack of action from the Noteholders as an expression of their interests, whether 
positive, negative or other. 
Limited Recourse 
Without limiting the scope of the obligations and the possibility of recourse of the FCT, the Class A 
Noteholders acknowledge that they shall have no direct right of action or recourse, under any circumstances 
whatsoever, against the Dealers of the Purchased Receivables. Moreover, pursuant to Condition 8 (Limited 
Recourse), each Noteholder will expressly and irrevocably:  
(a) 
agree that, in accordance with Articles L. 214-169 and L. 214-175, III. of the Code, it has no claim 
whatsoever against the FCT for sums in excess of the amount of the FCT's assets available for making 
such payments in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments and the cash allocation 
provisions set out in the FCT Regulations, even if the FCT is liquidated;  
(b) 
agree that, in accordance with Article L. 214-169 of the Code, the FCT's assets may only be subject to 
civil proceedings (mesures civiles d'exécution) in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments 
and the cash allocation provisions set out in the FCT Regulations; 
(c) 
to the extent that it may have any claim (including any contractual claim or action (action en 
responsabilité contractuelle)) against the FCT the payment of which is not expressly contemplated 
under any applicable Priority of Payments and the cash allocation provisions set out in the FCT 
Regulations, undertake to waive to demand payment of any such claim as long as all Notes and 
Residual Units have not been repaid in full; and

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
(d) 
agree that, in accordance with Article L. 214-175, III. of the Code, the provisions of Book VI of the 
French Commercial Code are not applicable to the FCT. 
After the Legal Final Maturity Date, any principal and/or interest amount remaining unpaid in respect of the 
Notes shall be automatically and without any formalities (de plein droit) cancelled, and as a result, with effect 
from the relevant Legal Final Maturity Date, the Noteholders shall no longer have any right to assert a claim 
in respect of the Notes against the FCT. 
PROCEDURE RELATING TO THE ISSUANCE OF NOTES 
Overview 
On the Closing Date, the FCT issued the Class A2017-1 Notes. The Class A2017-1 Notes shall not be assimilated 
and/or form a single series with any Series of Class A20xx-y Notes to be issues by the FCT. 
On any Payment Date falling within the Revolving Period on or after the 2022 Closing Date, the FCT shall be 
entitled to issue Series of Class A20xx-y Notes in order (together with the Class B Loan) to, inter alia, finance 
the acquisition of Eligible Receivables on such relevant Payment Date and, as applicable, repay any 
outstanding Class A Note and Class B Loan in accordance with, and subject to, the FCT Regulations and 
applicable Priority of Payments. 
Requirements for issuance of Class A Programme Notes 
On any Issue Date, the issuance of any Class A Programme Notes as from the 2022 Closing Date shall be 
subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent as set out in the FCT Regulations (the Issuance 
Conditions Precedent), including the following: 
(a) 
by no later than 11.00 a.m. on the second Business Day immediately preceding any Payment Date, as 
determined by the Management Company on such date: 
(i) 
with respect to the issuance of the Class A Programme Notes, such issuance shall not result in 
the sum of the Class  A20xx-y Notes Outstanding Amount being higher than the Class A Notes 
Maximum Amount as of such Issue Date; 
(ii) 
with respect to the issuance of the Class A Programme Notes, such issuance shall not result in 
the downgrading of the outstanding Class A Notes;  
(iii) 
with respect to the issuance of the Class A Programme Notes, such issuance shall not, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Management Company, affect the level of security offered to the 
Class A Noteholders and the Residual Unitholder(s); 
(iv) 
the FCT has received on or prior to such date, if the Class A Notes Issue Amount is strictly 
positive, an acceptance from the Class A Noteholders to subscribe the proposed issue in an 
amount equal to the relevant Class A Notes Issue Amount; and 
(v) 
in respect of the Class B Loan, the Management Company delivered to the Class B Lender 
(with copy to the Custodian) a duly completed and irrevocable Utilisation Request;  
(vi) 
receipt by the Issuer of the rating letters relating to the Class A Programme Notes to be issued 
on the next Payment Date by the Rating Agencies; and  
(b) 
by no later than 11.00 a.m. on any Payment Date, as determined by the Management Company: 
(i) 
the General Reserve Estimated Balance is at least equal to the Required General Reserve 
Amount; and

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
(ii) 
receipt by the FCT from each relevant subscriber of the relevant subscription price of the Class 
A Programme Notes (subject to any set-off arrangement provided for in any Transaction 
Document). 
Determination of the Issue Amount 
The Class A20xx-y Issue Amounts of Class A Programme Notes to be issued on any Payment Date falling within 
the Revolving Period (if any) shall be jointly determined by the Management Company and the Seller and 
shall be notified to the relevant Class A Notes Subscriber by the Management Company one Business Day 
after the previous Cut-Off Date. The financial and other conditions of the Class A Programme Notes to be 
issued on the relevant Payment Date shall be those set out in the Section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the 
Class A Programme Notes" on page 105. 
Procedure applicable to any Issues 
Offer to subscribe 
By no later than one Business Day after the relevant Cut-Off Date, the Management Company (as agreed with 
the Seller) will send to the Class A Notes Subscriber the relevant Issue Documents in accordance with the 
provisions of the FCT Regulations, and with respect to the Class A Programme Notes, together with the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Agreement to subscribe 
Upon reception of the offer to subscribe referred to above, the relevant Class A Notes Subscriber shall inform 
the Management Company of its decision to subscribe to such issue no later than two Business Days after the 
relevant Cut-Off Date, in respect of any proposed issue of Class A Programme Notes. The Class A Notes 
Subscriber shall be under no obligation to subscribe at any time the relevant Class A Programme Notes. 
In the event the proposed issue of Class A Programme Notes is not fully subscribed, no issue of Class A 
Programme Notes shall occur. 
Subscription and settlement 
Upon the effective subscription for the Class A Programme Notes on any Issue Date, the relevant Subscriber 
shall pay the Management Company the subscription price in respect thereof by crediting the General Account 
(subject to any set-off arrangement provided for in any Transaction Document). 
Issue Document and Final Terms 
In respect of each further issue of a Series of Class A20xx-y Notes, the Management Company shall establish 
and execute an Issue Document, which shall specify, inter alia, the following particulars of the Class A20xx-y 
Notes: 
(a) 
the relevant Issue Date; 
(b) 
the identification number of the relevant Notes, as set out in the provisions of the FCT Regulations, as 
applicable (with respect to Class A20xx-y Notes, see the Section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the 
Class A Programme Notes" on page 105); 
(c) 
the reference of the relevant Series; 
(d) 
the Expected Maturity Date; 
(e) 
each relevant Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Rate;

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
(f) 
the number of Class A20xx-y Notes issued on the relevant Issue Date; and 
(g) 
the aggregate nominal value of the Class A Notes issued on that Issue Date. 
In respect of any further issue of Class A Programme Notes, the Management Company shall also establish 
and execute the Final Terms.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
CASH MANAGEMENT 
FCT Accounts 
Opening of the FCT Accounts  
The Management Company has opened in the name of the FCT and with the prior consent of the Custodian, 
with the FCT Account Bank, the General Account, and the General Reserve Account (the FCT Accounts). 
Operation of the FCT Accounts 
The FCT Accounts shall be credited and debited upon the instructions of the Management Company as set out 
from time to time in the Transaction Documents and in particular, the FCT Accounts shall be credited and 
debited, inter alia, in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
On the Closing Date, the General Account was (a) credited with (i) the proceeds of the issuance of the Class 
A2017-1 Notes and the Residual Units on such date and (ii) the amounts borrowed under the initial Class B Loan 
on such date and (b) debited by the aggregate Purchase Price of the Receivables purchased by the FCT on such 
date. 
After the Closing Date, the General Account has been and will be, sequentially: 
(a) 
on each Payment Date: 
(i) 
credited with the Transfer Fee Amount paid by the Seller in relation to this Payment Date;  
(ii) 
as from the 2022 Closing Date, credited with the proceeds of the issuance of the Class A 
Programme Notes issued on such date;  
(iii) 
credited with any Class B Loan Required Increase Amount payable by the Class B Lender on 
such date; 
(iv) 
possibly credited with an amount up to the Additional Transfer Fee Amount by the Seller on 
this Payment Date;  
(v) 
credited with any amount standing to the credit of the General Reserve Account (subject to 
clause 4(d) of the General Reserve Agreement); and 
(vi) 
debited by any amount payable out of the monies standing to the credit of the General Account, 
pursuant to the relevant Priority of Payment (except the Target Retention Amount which is 
retained in the General Account); and 
(b) 
in addition, on each Business Day: 
(i) 
credited with any Servicer Net Principal Payment (if any);  
(ii) 
debited with any FCT Net Principal Payment (if any); and 
(iii) 
credited with any amount received under the Transaction Document not part of paragraph (i) 
or (ii). 
For the purpose of recording the amount of cash in relation to principal in the transaction, the Management 
Company, will give the FCT Account Bank all relevant instructions in order to maintain the Principal Ledger.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
On the Closing Date, the Principal Ledger was credited with (i) the proceeds of the issuance of the Class  A2017-
1 Notes on such date and (ii) the amounts borrowed under the initial Class B Loan on such date. It was then 
debited with the aggregate Purchase Price of the Receivables purchased by the FCT on such date. 
After the Closing Date, the Principal Ledger has been and will be sequentially:  
(a) 
on each Payment Date:  
(i) 
as from the 2022 Closing Date, credited with the proceeds of the issuance of the Class A 
Programme Notes issued on such date;  
(ii) 
credited with any Class B Loan Required Increase Amount payable by the Class B Lender on 
such date; 
(iii) 
debited by any amount equal to the Principal Accumulation Amount as determined on the 
immediately preceding Cut-Off Date; and 
(iv) 
credited with any amount payable under item (e) of the Revolving Priority of Payments, if 
applicable (corresponding to the Target Retention Amount); and 
(b) 
in addition, on each Business Day:  
(i) 
credited with any Servicer Net Principal Payment (if any);  
(ii) 
debited with any FCT Net Principal Payment (if any); and  
(iii) 
debited with item (c) of the definition of Collections (if any). 
Funds standing on the General Reserve Account will be available for repayment of any amounts due under the 
Class A Notes at the Legal Final Maturity Date and on any Payment Date after giving effect to payments to 
any Person or account on such date in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
General principles 
No debit balance 
If there are insufficient cleared funds in any FCT Account to make a payment in accordance with a Payment 
Instruction in respect of such FCT Account, then the FCT Account Bank shall inform the Management 
Company and the Custodian of the shortfall as soon as practicable. Until the FCT Account Bank is able to 
contact the Management Company and the Custodian, and receive instructions, the FCT Account Bank shall 
make no payment in accordance with a Payment Instruction. The FCT Account Bank is under no obligation to 
inform any other Person (except the Management Company and the Custodian including, but not limited to, 
any Person that is to receive the payment) if there are insufficient cleared funds credited to any FCT Account 
to make a payment in accordance with a Payment Instruction in respect of such FCT Account. 
Notwithstanding any instruction from the Management Company, acting under the supervision of the 
Custodian, to the contrary, the FCT Account Bank shall not, and is hereby requested not to, execute any debit 
instruction which would have the effect of creating a debit balance in respect of any FCT Account. 
Limited liability 
The Management Company and the Custodian shall not be liable for any failure in the proper implementation 
of the Priority of Payments if it results from the failure of the Seller or Servicer to perform their respective 
obligations under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and/or Servicing Agreement. The Management

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Company shall not be liable for any failure in the proper implementation of the Priority of Payments if it results 
from the failure of the FCT Account Bank to perform its obligations. 
Investment rules 
Any credit balance of the FCT Accounts will be invested in Eligible Investments from time to time, pursuant 
to the provisions of Article R. 214-217 of the Code, which at the date of this Base Prospectus are as set out in 
the section entitled "Glossary". 
The sums standing from time to time at the credit of the FCT Accounts corresponding to the Principal Buffer 
Amount may be invested in Eligible Investment only upon prior request of the Seller. The Principal Buffer 
Amount standing at the credit of the FCT Account after investments shall remain sufficient to purchase new 
Receivables. 
General Reserve 
On the Closing Date, the General Reserve shall be funded by the Seller up to the Required General Reserve 
Amount determined on such date. 
On each Payment Date, the General Reserve shall be credited up to the Required General Reserve Amount as 
of the previous Payment Date by application of the Available Distribution Amount after giving effect to 
payments to any Person or account on such date in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.  
On each Payment Date, any General Reserve Decrease Amount will be paid to the Seller by application of the 
Available Distribution Amount in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments and subject to clause 
4(d) of the General Reserve Agreement. 
On any Payment Date comprised in the Revolving Period, if the General Reserve Estimated Balance on the 
immediately preceding Calculation Date is under the Required General Reserve Amount and the Seller has 
received, in accordance with the General Reserve Deposit Agreement, a notification from the Management 
Company to that effect, the Seller shall be entitled to credit the General Reserve Account by making a deposit 
in an amount equal to the General Reserve Increase Amount. 
Any amount funded into the General Reserve Account by the Seller will be construed as a cash collateral (gage 
espèces) for the repayment of any sums due and remaining unpaid under the Class A Notes until the Legal 
Final Maturity Date.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CLASS A PROGRAMME NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Class A Programme Notes in the form in which they will be 
set out in the FCT Regulations. These terms and conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the FCT Regulations and the other Transaction Documents. The text of the terms and 
conditions will not be endorsed on any physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following 
text. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
(a) 
The Class A Programme Notes will be issued by the FCT in bearer dematerialised form (en forme 
dématérialisée au porteur) in compliance with Article L. 211-3 of the Code in the denomination of 
€100,000. Interest on the Class A Programme Notes is payable in arrears on each Payment Date.  
(b) 
The issue price of each Class A Programme Note shall be 100% of the nominal value of such Class A 
Programme Note. 
(c) 
The Class A Programme Notes are, upon issue, admitted to the CSDs, which shall subsequently credit 
the accounts of Account Holders affiliated with them.  
(d) 
Title to the Class A Programme Notes shall at all times be evidenced by entries in the books of the 
Account Holders affiliated with the CSDs, and a transfer of Class A Programme Notes may only be 
effected through registration by the CSDs of the transfer in the register of the Account Holders held 
by them.  
(e) 
All Class A20xx-y Notes of the same Series shall be fungible among themselves. 
2. 
SERIES 
2.1 
Series of Notes 
On a given Issue Date, all Class A Programme Notes issued on that date constitute one or several 
Series of Class A Programme Notes, which shall be designated by means of: 
(a) 
a four digit number representing the year on which the Series was issued, in the following 
format: Series "20xx"; followed by 
(b) 
the number of such Series in respect of the relevant year, in the following format: "y". 
Each Series should present in the following format: Class A20xx-y. 
On the Closing Date, the FCT issued Class A asset-backed floating fate notes for an aggregate principal 
amount of €675,000,000 (the Class A2017-1 Notes), pursuant to the FCT Regulations and the Terms and 
Conditions then in force. The Class A2017-1 Notes shall not be assimilated to and/or form a single series 
with any Series of Class A20xx-y issued by the FCTGeneral Principles Relating to the Series of Class A 
Notes 
All Class A Programme Notes issued on a given Issue Date within the same Series shall be fungible 
among themselves in accordance with and subject to the following provisions: 
(a) 
the Class A20xx-y Notes of the same Series shall all bear the same interest rate which is the 
Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Rate, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3.2 (Interest 
Rate); 
(b) 
the Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Amount payable under the Class A20xx-y Notes of a given Series 
shall be paid on the same Payment Dates; and

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
(c) 
the Class A20xx-y Notes in respect of a given Series shall have the same Expected Maturity Date 
as set out in the relevant Issue Document. 
3. 
INTEREST 
3.1 
Interest Periods and Payment Dates 
Period of Accrual 
Each Class A20xx-y Note shall bear interest in arrears on its Class A20xx-y Notes Outstanding Amount 
from (and including) the relevant Issue Date, to (but excluding) the earlier of:  
(a) 
the date on which its Class A20xx-y Notes Outstanding Amount is reduced to zero; or  
(b) 
the Legal Final Maturity Date,  
and shall accrue interest on its respective Class A20xx-y Notes Outstanding Amount at the Class A20xx-y 
Notes Interest Rate as calculated in accordance with Condition 3.2 (Interest Rate), on a monthly basis. 
Interest Periods 
For all Class A20xx-y Notes , the interest period shall be: 
(a) 
the period commencing on (and including) the relevant Issue Date, and ending on (but 
excluding) the first Payment Date following the Issue Date; and 
(b) 
the subsequent periods commencing on (and including) a Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the immediately following Payment Date (each, an Interest Period). 
Payment Dates 
Interest on the Class A Programme Notes shall be payable in arrear on each Payment Date. 
3.2 
Interest Rate 
Rate of Interest 
The interest rate on any Class A20xx-y Note of any Series is, in respect of any Payment Date, the Class 
A20xx-y Notes Interest Rate.  
Determination 
For each Series to be issued, on the Partial Amortisation Information Day prior to its issuance, the 
Management Company and the Class A Notes Subscriber shall jointly agree the Class A20xx-y Notes 
Interest Rate applicable to each Series of Class A20xx-y Notes to be issued on the relevant Issue Date. 
On each Calculation Date, the Management Company calculates, in respect of each Class A20xx-y Note, 
the Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Amount payable to the Class A20xx-y Noteholders under the Class A20xx-
y Notes of each Series on the immediately following Payment Date as determined below.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
The Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Amount is equal to the aggregate, as computed for each Class A20xx-y 
Note, of the sum of: 
(a) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the relevant Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Rate;  
(ii) 
the principal outstanding amount of the relevant Class A20xx-y Note prior to the 
payment, in accordance with the Priority of Payments, of any amount to the 
corresponding Class A20xx-y Noteholder on such Payment Date, and 
(iii) 
the number of calendar days of the relevant Interest Period,  
divided by the number of calendar days of the current calendar year and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards); and 
(b) 
any Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Amount due on any preceding Payment Date and remaining 
unpaid (without prejudice to the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event). 
The Management Company shall promptly (i) notify the Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Amount with 
respect to each Interest Period and to each Series and (ii) the Class A Notes Interest Amount to the 
Paying Agent on such Calculation Date. 
Day Count Fraction 
The day count fraction in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on the Class A Programme 
Notes for any Interest Period will be computed and paid on the basis of the actual number of days in 
the relevant Interest Period divided by the actual number of days in the calendar year of such Interest 
Period. 
3.3 
Determinations and Calculations Binding 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, calculations and decisions given, expressed, made or 
obtained for the purposes of this Condition 3 (Interest) by the Management Company shall (in the 
absence of gross negligence (faute lourde), wilful misconduct (faute dolosive), bad faith (mauvaise 
foi) or manifest error (erreur manifeste)) be binding on the Management Company and the Class A20xx-
y  Noteholders. 
4. 
STATUS AND RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE CLASS A PROGRAMME NOTES AND 
THE CLASS B LOAN 
4.1 
Status and Ranking of the Class A Programme Notes 
(a) 
The Class A Programme Notes constitute direct, unsecured and unconditional obligations of the FCT 
and all payments of principal and interest with respect to the Class A Programme Notes shall be made 
pursuant to the applicable Priority of Payments. 
4.2 
Relationship between the Class A Programme Notes and the Class B Loan 
Payments of interest and principal in respect of the Class B Loan are subordinated to payments of 
interest and principal (if any) in respect of the Class A Programme Notes.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
5. 
AMORTISATION 
5.1 
Revolving Period 
During the Revolving Period, the Class A20xx-y Noteholders shall, on any Payment Date, receive (i) 
with respect to their Class A20xx-y Notes the Expected Maturity Date of which falls on such Payment 
Date, an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of such Class A20xx-y Notes and (ii) with 
respect to the Series of Class A Programme Notes that are subject to partial amortisation on such 
Payment Date following the exercise of the Partial Amortisation Option, an amount equal to the 
aggregate Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount, in each case, in accordance with and subject 
to, the Priority of Payments applicable to the Revolving Period, it being provided that the Class A20xx-
y Notes of different Series shall be amortised on a pari passu basis and pro rata the then outstanding 
amount of the Class A20xx-y Notes of each Series, irrespective of their respective Class A20xx-y Notes 
Issue Dates and Series. 
Partial Amortisation 
(a) 
During the Revolving Period, following the occurrence of an Optional Partial Amortisation Event, the 
Management Company shall give notice in writing of the same to the Seller, with copy to the 
Custodian, on the immediately following Partial Amortisation Option Day and shall notify the 
Maximum Optional Partial Amortisation Amount. 
(b) 
Following the receipt of such notice by the Seller from the Management Company on the Partial 
Amortisation Option Day, the Seller will be entitled to exercise on such Partial Amortisation Option 
Day its Partial Amortisation Option by notifying the Management Company in writing: 
(i) 
that a Partial Amortisation Option is exercised; and 
(ii) 
the relevant Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount.  
(c) 
Upon the exercise by the Seller of its Partial Amortisation Option, the Management Company shall 
verify that the aggregated Class Notes Partial Amortisation Amount does not exceed the Maximum 
Optional Partial Amortisation Amount and shall notify in writing by no later than three (3) Business 
Days after the relevant Partial Amortisation Option Day to each relevant Class A Noteholder: 
(i) 
that an Optional Partial Amortisation Event has occurred;  
(ii) 
the Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount; and 
(iii) 
the Maximum Optional Partial Amortisation Amount.  
(d) 
Further to the determination set out in paragraph (c) above, on the following Payment Date, the 
Management Company shall, subject to the relevant Priority of Payments, partially or fully (as the 
case may be) amortise the Series of Class A Notes in respect of which the relevant Class A20xx-y 
Noteholder has requested a partial amortisation up to the respective Class A Notes Partial Amortisation 
Amount. 
(e) 
Information regarding the Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount will be included in the relevant 
Monthly Investor Report. 
5.2 
Normal Amortisation Period 
On any Payment Date falling within the Normal Amortisation Period, the Class A Notes shall be 
subject to mandatory pro rata amortisation on each Payment Date until the Class A Notes are amortised

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
in full, on a pari passu basis, in accordance with the Priority of Payments applicable to the Normal 
Amortisation Period. 
The Class A Notes shall be amortised on each Payment Date in an aggregate amount equal to the Class 
A Notes Amortisation Amount, in accordance with, and subject to, the Priority of Payments applicable 
to the Normal Amortisation Period, it being provided that the Class A Notes of different Series shall 
be amortised on a pari passu basis and pro rata the then outstanding amount of the Class A Notes of 
each Series, irrespective of their respective Class A20xx-y Notes Issue Dates and Series.  
5.3 
Early Amortisation Period 
On any Payment Date falling within the Early Amortisation Period, the Class A Notes shall be subject 
to mandatory pro rata amortisation on each Payment Date until the Class A Notes are amortised in 
full, on a pari passu basis, in accordance with the Priority of Payments applicable to the Early 
Amortisation Period. 
The Class A Notes shall be amortised on each Payment Date in an amount equal to the Class A Notes 
Amortisation Amount, in accordance with, and subject to, the Priority of Payments applicable to the 
Early Amortisation Period, it being provided that the Class A Notes of different Series shall be 
amortised on a pari passu basis and pro rata the then outstanding amount of the Class A Notes of each 
Series, irrespective of their respective Class A20xx-y Notes Issue Dates and Series. 
5.4 
Determination of the Amortisation of the Class A Notes 
On each Calculation Date, the Management Company shall determine, inter alia: 
(a) 
as applicable, the Class A Notes Amortisation Amount in respect of each Series for the 
following Payment Date; 
(b) 
the Class A20xx-y Notes Outstanding Amount of each Class A20xx-y Note of each Series for such 
Payment Date; and 
(c) 
the Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Amount with respect to each Class A20xx-y Note of each Series 
due and payable on such Payment Date. 
5.5 
Legal Final Maturity Date 
The Legal Final Maturity Date of any Series of the Class A20xx-y Notes is the Payment Date falling in 
August 2031  and, unless previously redeemed, all Series of the Class A20xx-y Notes shall amortise on 
that date. 
After the Legal Final Maturity Date, any principal and/or interest amount remaining unpaid in respect 
of all Series of the Class A20xx-y Notes shall be automatically and without any formalities (de plein 
droit) cancelled and as a result, with effect from the Legal Final Maturity Date, the Class A20xx-y 
Noteholders shall no longer have any right to assert a claim in respect of the Class A20xx-y Notes against 
the FCT. 
5.6 
Rounding 
If in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, on any Payment Date, there are not sufficient 
funds to fully amortise all the Class A20xx-y Notes to be amortised on such date the available funds for 
such amortisation shall be allocated pari passu and pro rata and the amount allocated to each Class 
A20xx-y Note to be amortised shall be rounded down to the nearest euro.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of Payment and Taxes 
Method of Payment 
Any amounts of interest or principal due in respect of any Class A Programme Note will be paid in 
euro outside the United States and its possessions by the Paying Agent on each applicable Payment 
Date up to the amount transferred by the Management Company (or the FCT Account Bank acting 
upon the instructions of the Management Company) to the Paying Agent by debiting the General 
Account.  
Such payments will be made to the Class A20xx-y Noteholders identified as such and as recorded with 
the CSDs. Any payments of principal and interest are made in accordance with the rules of the CSDs. 
No paying agent shall be appointed in the United States or its possessions. 
Tax 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes are made subject to any withholding tax or 
deduction for or on account of any tax and neither the FCT nor the Paying Agent are under any 
obligation to pay any additional amounts as a consequence of any such withholding or deduction. 
6.2 
Paying Agent 
 
The initial Paying Agent is: 
Société Générale, acting through its Securities Services department 
32 rue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 
44038 Nantes Cedex 3 
France 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Paying Agency Agreement, the Management Company is entitled at 
any time to terminate the appointment of the Paying Agent in relation to the Class A Notes and/or 
appoint another or other paying agent(s) in relation to the Class A Notes, subject to a one-month prior 
notice period and provided that no paying agent shall be appointed in the United States or its 
possessions. Notice of any amendments to the Paying Agency Agreement shall promptly be given to 
the Class A20xx-y Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10 (Notice to the Class A20xx-y 
Noteholders).  
6.3 
Payments made on Business Days 
All payments under the Class A Programme Notes shall be made on a Payment Date, being (a) the 17th 
calendar day of each calendar month, subject to Business Day Convention and (b) the FCT Liquidation 
Date. 
7. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
In accordance with the terms of the Class A Notes Subscription Agreement, the FCT agrees to offer 
the Class A Programme Notes only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) (as defined by 
Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation) or investors resident outside France (investisseurs non-
résidents). 
8. 
LIMITED RECOURSE 
Without limiting the scope of the obligations and the possibility of recourse of the FCT, by subscribing

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
any Class A PRogramme Notes, each Class A20xx-y Noteholder acknowledges that it shall have no 
direct right of action or recourse, under any circumstances whatsoever, against the Dealers under the 
Purchased Receivables and expressly and irrevocably:  
(a) 
agrees that, in accordance with Articles L. 214-169 and L. 214-175-III of the Code, it has no 
claim whatsoever against the FCT for sums in excess of the amount of the FCT's assets 
available for making such payments in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments 
and the cash allocation provisions set out in the FCT Regulations, even if the FCT is 
liquidated;  
(b) 
agrees that in accordance with Article L. 214-169 of the Code, the FCT's assets may only be 
subject to civil proceedings (mesures civiles d'exécution) in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments and the cash allocation provisions set out in the FCT Regulations; 
(c) 
to the extent that it may have any claim (including any contractual claim or action (action en 
responsabilité contractuelle)) against the FCT the payment of which is not expressly 
contemplated under any applicable Priority of Payments and the cash allocation provisions set 
out in the FCT Regulations, undertakes to waive to demand payment of any such claim as long 
as all Class A Notes and Residual Units have not been repaid in full; and 
(d) 
agrees that in accordance with Article L. 214-175-III of the Code, the provisions of Book VI 
of the French Commercial Code are not applicable to the FCT.  
9. 
MODIFICATIONS 
9.1 
General Right of Modification without Class A20xx-y Noteholders’ consent 
(a) 
The Management Company may, without the consent or sanction of the Class A20xx-y Noteholders at 
any time and from time to time, agree to: 
(i) 
any modification of these Conditions or of any of the Transaction Documents which, in the 
opinion of the Management Company, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Class 
A20xx-y Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of these Conditions or of any of the Transaction Documents which, in the 
opinion of the Management Company, is of a formal, minor or technical nature, to correct a 
manifest error or an error which is, in the opinion of the Management Company, proven. 
Pursuant to Article L. 213-6-3 V of the Code, the FCT has the right to modify these Conditions 
without the consent or sanction of the Class A20xx-y Noteholders to correct a factual error 
(erreur matérielle). 
(b) 
The Rating Agencies will receive prior written notification of the proposed modification. 
9.2 
General Additional Right of Modification without Class A20xx-y Noteholders’ consent 
(a) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 9.1 (General Right of Modification without Class A20xx-
y Noteholders’ consent), the Management Company may, without any consent or sanction of the Class 
A20xx-y Noteholders, proceed to any modification to these Conditions and/or any Transaction Document 
that the Management Company considers necessary provided always that only the Management 
Company shall elect to make any modification: 
(i) 
for the purpose of complying with, or implementing or reflecting, any change in the 
requirements or criteria, including to address any change in the rating methodology employed 
by, of one or more of the Rating Agencies which may be applicable from time to time,

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
provided that such modification is necessary to comply with such criteria or, as the case may 
be, is solely to implement and reflect such criteria; 
(ii) 
for the purpose of complying with any changes in the requirements of Article 6 (Risk retention) 
of the Securitisation Regulation, provided that such modification is required solely for such 
purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect or which results from the implementation 
of the implementing technical standards relating thereto or any subsequent risk retention 
legislation or official guidance; 
(iii) 
to modify the terms of the Transaction Documents and/or the Conditions and/or to enter into 
any additional agreements not expressly prohibited by the FCT Regulations or these 
Conditions in order to enable the FCT to comply with any requirements which apply to it 
under the Securitisation Regulation (including any implementing regulations, technical 
standards and guidance respectively related thereto) including any requirements imposed by 
any other obligation which applies under Article 7 (Transparency requirements for originators, 
sponsors and SSPEs) of the Securitisation Regulation provided that such modification is 
required solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect; 
(iv) 
for the purpose of enabling the Class A Programme Notes to be (or to remain) listed and 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, provided that such modification is 
required solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect; 
(v) 
for the purposes of enabling the FCT or any of the other Transaction Parties to comply with 
FATCA (or any voluntary agreement entered into with a taxing authority in relation thereto), 
provided that such modification is required solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely 
to such effect; and 
(vi) 
to modify the terms of the Transaction Documents and/or the Conditions in order to comply 
with, or reflect, any amendment to Articles L. 214-166-1 to L. 214-186 and Articles R. 214-
217 to R. 214-235 (or any additional or applicable provisions) of the Code which are 
applicable to the FCT and/or any amendment to the provisions of the AMF General 
Regulations which are applicable to the FCT, the Management Company and the Custodian 
provided that such modification is required solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely 
to such effect. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no modification will be made if such modification would result in a 
downgrade, qualification or withdrawal of the then current ratings assigned to the Class A Programme 
Notes by any Rating Agency. 
(b) 
Other than where specifically provided in Condition 9.1 (General Right of Modification without Class 
A20xx-y Noteholders’ consent) and this Condition 9.2 (General Additional Right of Modification 
without Class A20xx-y Noteholders’ consent) or any Transaction Document: 
(i) 
when implementing any modification pursuant to this Condition 9.2, the Management 
Company shall not consider the interests of the Class A20xx-y Noteholders, any other creditors 
or any other Person and shall act and rely solely, and without further investigation, on any 
evidence provided to it by the relevant Transaction Party, as the case may be, pursuant to this 
Condition 9.2, and shall not be liable to the Class A20xx-y Noteholders, any other creditor or 
any other Person for so acting or relying, irrespective of whether any such modification is or 
may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person; 
(ii) 
the Management Company shall not be obliged to agree to any modification which, in the sole 
opinion of the Management Company, would have the effect of (A) exposing the Management 
Company to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction or (B) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
or protection, of the Management Company in the Transaction Documents and/or these 
Conditions; and 
(iii) 
any such modification or determination pursuant to Condition 9.1 (General Right of 
Modification without Class A20xx-y Noteholders’ consent) and this Condition 9.2 (General 
Additional Right of Modification without Class A20xx-y Noteholders’ consent) shall be binding 
on the Class A20xx-y Noteholders and any such modification shall be notified by the FCT as 
soon as practicable thereafter to: 
(A) 
so long as any of the Class A Programme Notes rated by the Rating Agencies 
remains outstanding, each Rating Agency; and 
(B) 
as necessary, the Custodian (subject to the right of the Custodian to verify the 
compliance (régularité) of any decision of the Management Company in 
accordance with Article L. 214-183 of the Code); and 
(C) 
the Class A20xx-y Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notice to Class 
A20xx-y Noteholders). 
9.3 
Additional Right of Modification without the Class A20xx-y Noteholders' consent in relation to 
Benchmark Rate Modification Event 
(a) 
Benchmark Rate Modification Event 
(i) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition Condition 9.1 (General Right of Modification 
without Class A20xx-y Noteholders’ consent) and Condition 9.2 (General Additional Right of 
Modification without Class A20xx-y Noteholders’ consent), the following will apply if the 
Management Company, acting for the FCT, determines that any of the following events has 
occurred: 
(A) 
the applicability of any law or any other legal provision, or of any administrative or 
judicial order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant to which EURIBOR may no 
longer be used as a reference rate to determine the payment obligations under the 
Class A Programme Notes or pursuant to which any such use is subject to material 
restrictions or adverse consequences; 
(B) 
a material disruption to EURIBOR or EURIBOR ceasing to exist or be published or 
EMMI having used fallback methodology for calculating EURIBOR for a period of 
at least thirty (30) calendar days; 
(C) 
the insolvency or cessation of business of the EMMI (in circumstances where no 
successor EURIBOR administrator has been appointed); 
(D) 
a public statement by EMMI that, upon a specified future date (the specified date), it 
will cease publishing EURIBOR or EURIBOR will not be included in the register 
under Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor EURIBOR administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of EURIBOR or where there is no mandatory 
administration), provided that if the specified date is more than six (6) months in the 
future, the Benchmark Rate Modification Event will occur upon the date falling six 
(6) months prior to the specified date; 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the EURIBOR administrator that EURIBOR 
has been or will be, upon a specified future date, (the specified date), permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued, or which means that EURIBOR may no longer be used or 
that it is no longer a representative benchmark rate or that its use is subject to

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
restrictions for issuers of asset-backed floating rate notes, provided that if the specified 
date is more than six (6) months in the future, the Benchmark Rate Modification Event 
will occur upon the date falling six (6) months prior to the specified date; 
(F) 
a change in the generally accepted market practice in the publicly listed asset-backed 
floating rate notes market to refer to a benchmark rate endorsed in a public statement 
by the ECB, ESMA, or any relevant committee or other body established, sponsored 
or approved by any of the foregoing, including the Working Group on Euro Risk-Free 
Rates, despite the continued existence of EURIBOR; or 
(G) 
it being the reasonable expectation of the Management Company that any of the 
events specified in sub-paragraph (A), (B) or (C) will occur or exist within six (6) 
months of a Benchmark Rate Modification, 
each such event referred to in sub-paragraphs (A) to (G) is a Benchmark Rate Modification 
Event. 
The Management Company shall: 
(A) 
determine the Alternative Benchmark Rate to be substituted for EURIBOR as the 
Applicable Reference Rate of the Class A Programme Notes and those amendments 
to the Conditions to be made by the Management Company as are necessary to 
facilitate the Benchmark Rate Modification; or 
(B) 
appoint, in its sole discretion, an alternative benchmark rate determination agent 
which must be an independent financial institution and dealer of international repute 
in the European Union and which is not an affiliate of the Seller (the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate Determination Agent) to carry out the tasks referred to in this 
Condition 9.3, 
provided that no such Benchmark Rate Modification will be made unless: 
(A) 
the Management Company certifies to the Class A20xx-y Noteholders in writing (such 
certificate, a Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate) the items set forth in I and 
II; or 
(B) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate Determination Agent has determined and certified in 
writing to the Management Company which shall certify the same to the Class A20xx-
y Noteholders that: 
I. 
such Benchmark Rate Modification is being undertaken due to the occurrence 
of a Benchmark Rate Modification Event and is required solely for such 
purposes and has been drafted solely to such effect; and 
II. 
such Alternative Benchmark Rate is: 
1. 
a reference rate which has been recognised or endorsed as a rate 
which should or could be used, subject to adjustments (if any), to 
replace EURIBOR by either (x) the ECB, ESMA or any relevant 
committee or other body established, sponsored or approved by any 
of the foregoing, including the Working Group on Euro Risk-Free 
Rates or (y) an industry body recognised nationally or internationally 
as representing participants in the asset-backed securitisation market 
generally; 
2. 
a reference rate utilised in a material number of publicly listed new

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
issues of Euro-denominated asset-backed floating rate notes prior to 
the effective date of such Benchmark Rate Modification; 
3. 
a reference rate utilised in a publicly-listed new issue of Euro 
denominated asset-backed notes where the originator of the relevant 
assets is the Seller or an affiliate or a branch of the Seller; or 
4. 
such other reference rate as the Management Company, or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate Determination Agent, reasonably 
determines provided that this option may only be used if none of 
paragraph 1, 2 or 3 above is applicable and/or practicable in the 
context of the securitisation described in this Base Prospectus and 
that the Management Company has received from the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate Determination Agent reasonable justification of 
such determination (the Alternative Benchmark Rate). 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of a Benchmark Rate Modification Event: 
(A) 
the Management Company will inform the Custodian and the Seller of the same; and 
(B) 
the Management Company or the Alternative Benchmark Rate Determination Agent 
(if appointed) shall determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) an Alternative Benchmark Rate and the Class A Note Rate Maintenance 
Adjustment (if required). 
(iii) 
The Management Company shall (subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set 
out in Condition 9.3(b) (Conditions to Benchmark Rate Modification) without any consent or 
sanction of the Class A20xx-y Noteholders, proceed with any modification to the Conditions of 
the Class A Programme Notes or any other Transaction Document or enter into any new, 
supplemental or additional document that the Management Company or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate Determination Agent considers necessary for the purpose of changing the 
benchmark rate from EURIBOR in respect of the Class A Programme Notes to the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and make such other amendments to the Conditions of the Class A 
Programme Notes or any other Transaction Document as are necessary in the reasonable 
judgement of the Management Company and/or the Alternative Benchmark Rate 
Determination Agent to implement the changes envisaged pursuant to this Condition 9.3 of 
the Class A Programme Notes (a Benchmark Rate Modification). 
(b) 
Conditions to Benchmark Rate Modification 
It is a condition to any such Benchmark Rate Modification that: 
(i) 
either: 
(A) 
the Management Company has obtained from each of the Rating Agencies written 
confirmation (or certifies in the Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate that it has 
been unable to obtain written confirmation) that the proposed Benchmark Rate 
Modification would not result in a Negative Ratings Action; or 
(B) 
the Management Company certifies in the Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate 
that it has given the Rating Agencies at least ten (10) Business Days' prior written 
notice of the proposed Benchmark Rate Modification and none of the Rating Agencies 
has indicated that such modification would result in a Negative Ratings Action;

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
(ii) 
the Management Company has given at least ten (10) Business Days' prior written notice of 
the proposed Benchmark Rate Modification to the Paying Agent before publishing a 
Benchmark Rate Modification Noteholder Notice; 
(iii) 
the Management Company has provided to the Class A20xx-y Noteholders a Benchmark Rate 
Modification Noteholder Notice, at least forty (40) calendar days prior to the date on which it 
is proposed that the Benchmark Rate Modification would take effect (such date being no less 
than ten (10) Business Days prior to the next Interest Determination Date), in accordance with 
Condition 10 (Notice to the Class A20xx-y Noteholders); 
(iv) 
Class A20xx-y Noteholders representing at least 10% of the aggregate Principal Outstanding 
Amount of the relevant Class A Programme Notes outstanding on the Benchmark Rate 
Modification Record Date have not directed the Management Company in writing within such 
notification period that such Class A20xx-y Noteholders do not consent to the Benchmark Rate 
Modification in respect of such Class A Programme Notes; and 
(v) 
Either (A) the Seller has agreed to pay, or to put the FCT in funds to pay, the Benchmark Rate 
Modification Costs or (B) the Benchmark Rate Modification Costs shall be paid by the FCT 
in accordance with item 1. of the relevant Priority of Payments of the relevant period. 
(c) 
Class A Note Rate Maintenance Adjustment  
The Management Company or the Alternative Benchmark Rate Determination Agent shall use 
reasonable endeavours to propose a Class A Note Rate Maintenance Adjustment as reasonably 
determined by the Alternative Benchmark Rate Determination Agent, taking into account any note 
rate maintenance adjustment mechanisms endorsed by the ECB or ESMA or their sponsored 
committees or bodies, or mechanisms that have become generally accepted market practice (the 
Market Standard Adjustments). The rationale for the proposed Class A Note Rate Maintenance 
Adjustment and, where relevant, any deviation from the Market Standard Adjustments, shall be set out 
in the Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate and the Benchmark Rate Modification Noteholder 
Notice. 
(d) 
Class A20xx-y Noteholder negative consent rights 
If Class A20xx-y Noteholders representing at least 10% of the aggregate Principal Outstanding Amount 
of the Class A Programme Notes outstanding on the Benchmark Rate Modification Record Date have 
directed the Management Company in writing (or otherwise directed the Management Company or 
the Paying Agent) in accordance with the then current practice of any applicable settlement system 
through which such Class A Programme Notes are held within the notification period referred to above 
that they do not consent to the proposed Benchmark Rate Modification, then the proposed Benchmark 
Rate Modification will not be made unless an Extraordinary Resolution is passed in favour of such 
proposed Benchmark Rate Modification in accordance with Condition 11 (Representation of the Class 
A20xx-y Noteholders) by such Class A20xx-y Noteholders provided that objections made in writing to the 
Management Company other than through the applicable settlement system must be accompanied by 
evidence to the Management Company's satisfaction (having regard to prevailing market practices) of 
the relevant Class A20xx-y Noteholder's holding of any such Class A Programme Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, until Extraordinary Resolutions are passed, the Applicable Reference Rate shall 
remain the EURIBOR Reference Rate. 
(e) 
Miscellaneous 
(i) 
Other than where specifically provided in this Condition 9.3 or any Transaction Document: 
(A) 
when concurring in making any modification pursuant to this Condition 9.3, the 
Management Company shall not consider the interest of the Class A20xx-y Noteholders, 
any other creditors or any other Person and shall act and rely solely, and without

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
further investigation, on any Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate or evidence 
provided to it by the relevant transaction party, as the case may be, pursuant to this 
Condition 9.3 and shall not be liable to the Class A20xx-y Noteholders, any other 
creditor or any other Person for so acting or relying, irrespective of whether any such 
modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person; 
and 
(B) 
the Management Company, acting in the interests of the FCT pursuant to Article L. 
214-175-2 II of the Code, shall not be obliged to concur in making any modification 
which, in the sole opinion of the Management Company, would have the effect of (I) 
exposing the Management Company to any liability against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (II) increasing the 
obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the Management 
Company in the Transaction Documents and/or these Conditions. 
(ii) 
Any Benchmark Rate Modification shall be binding on all Class A20xx-y Noteholders and shall 
be notified by the FCT as soon as practicable thereafter to: 
(A) 
so long as any of the Class A Programme Notes rated by the Rating Agencies remains 
outstanding, each Rating Agency; and 
(B) 
the Custodian (subject to the right of the Custodian to verify the compliance 
(régularité) of any decision of the Management Company in accordance with Article 
L. 214-175-2 I of the Code); and 
(C) 
the Class A20xx-y Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10 (Notice to the Class 
A20xx-y Noteholders). 
Following the making of a Benchmark Rate Modification, if the Management Company determines 
that it has become generally accepted market practice in the publicly listed asset-backed floating rate 
notes market to use a benchmark rate of interest which is different from the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate which had already been adopted by the FCT in respect of the Class A Programme Notes pursuant 
to a Benchmark Rate Modification, the Management Company acting on behalf of the FCT or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate Determination Agent is entitled to propose a further Benchmark Rate 
Modification pursuant to the terms of this Condition 9.3 (Additional Right of Modification without 
the Class A20xx-y Noteholders' consent in relation to Benchmark Rate Modification Event). 
9.4 
The Management Company shall be entitled to take into account, for the purpose of exercising or 
performing any right, power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these Conditions or 
any of the Transaction Documents, among other things, to the extent that it considers, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, it is necessary and/or appropriate and/or relevant, any communication or 
confirmation by any Rating Agency (a) that the then current rating by it of the Class A Programme 
Notes would not be downgraded, withdrawn or qualified by such exercise or performance and/or (b) 
if the original ratings of the Class A Programme Notes have been downgraded previously, that such 
exercise or performance will not prevent the restoration of such original rating of the Class A 
Programme Notes. 
9.5 
Where, in connection with the exercise or performance by the Management Company of any right, 
power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to the Conditions or any of the Transaction 
Documents (including, without limitation, in relation to any modification, authorisation or 
determination as referred to above), the Management Company is required to have regard to the 
interests of the Class A20xx-y Noteholders, it shall have regard to the general interests of the Class A20xx-
y Noteholders but shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to 
individual Class A20xx-y Noteholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise or performance for individual Class

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
A20xx-y Noteholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any 
political sub-division thereof and the Management Company shall not be entitled to require, nor shall 
any Class A20xx-y Noteholder be entitled to claim, from the FCT or the Management Company or any 
other Person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise 
upon individual Class A20xx-y Noteholders. 
10. 
NOTICE TO THE CLASS A20XX-Y NOTEHOLDERS 
(a) 
Notices may be given to Class A20xx-y Noteholders in any manner deemed acceptable by the 
Management Company provided that, for so long as the Class A Programme Notes are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, 
such notice shall be in accordance with the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notices 
regarding the Class A Programme Notes will be deemed duly given if published in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) and 
any other newspaper of general circulation appropriate for such publications and approved by the 
Management Company and the Custodian. If not published in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg, such notices will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
(b) 
Such notices shall also be addressed to the Rating Agencies. 
(c) 
Class A20xx-y Noteholders will be deemed to have received such notices three (3) Business Days after 
the date of their publication. 
(d) 
In the event that the Management Company declares the dissolution of the FCT, the Management 
Company will notify such decision to the Class A Noteholders within ten (10) Business Days. Such 
notice will be deemed to have been duly given if published in the leading daily newspaper of 
Luxembourg mentioned above. The Management Company may also notify such decision on its 
website or through any appropriate medium. 
11. 
REPRESENTATION OF THE CLASS A20XX-Y NOTEHOLDERS  
11.1 
In respect of each Series of Class A20xx-y Notes, the Class A20xx-y Noteholders will be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their respective common interests in a masse (the Masse). 
In the absence of specific legal provisions governing the legal regime of notes (titres de créances) 
issued by a fonds commun de titrisation, each Masse will be governed in accordance with 
Article L. 228-90 of the French Commercial Code, by the provisions of Articles L. 228-46 et seq. of 
the French Commercial Code (with the exception of the provisions of Articles L. 228-48, L. 228-59, 
L. 228-65, L. 228-71, L. 228-72, R. 228-63, R. 228-67, R. 228-69 and R. 228-72 thereof), and/or, as 
the case may be, by any other mandatory provisions from time to time governing notes (titres de 
créances) issued by a fonds commun de titrisation, and by the conditions set out below.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
11.2 
Each Masse is a separate legal body, by virtue of Article L. 228-46 of the French Commercial Code 
acting through the general meeting (assemblée générale) of the Class A20xx-y Noteholders of a Series 
of Class A20xx-y Notes (each a Class A20xx-y Noteholders General Meeting).  
Each Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Class A20xx-y Noteholders, shall exercise the 
common rights, actions and benefits that now or in the future may accrue with respect to Class A20xx-y 
Notes. 
In respect of a Series of Class A20xx-y Notes, if and to the extent all of the Class A20xx-y Notes are held 
by one single Class A20xx-y Noteholder, the rights, powers and authority of the Masse will be vested to 
such single Class A20xx-y Noteholder.  
11.3 
A Class A20xx-y Noteholders General Meeting may be held in any location and at any time, on 
convocation by the Management Company. One or more Class A20xx-y Noteholders, holding together 
at least one-thirtieth of outstanding Class A20xx-y Notes, may address to the Management Company a 
demand for convocation of the Class A20xx-y Noteholders General Meeting; if such Class A20xx-y 
Noteholders General Meeting has not been convened within two months of such demand, such Class 
A20xx-y Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court in Paris to appoint 
an agent (mandataire) who will call the meeting on their behalf. 
Notice of the date, hour, place (provided it is in the European Union), agenda and quorum requirements 
of any meeting of a general assembly will be published as provided under Condition 10 (Notice to the 
Class A20xx-y Noteholders) not less than 15 calendar days prior to the date of the general assembly 
for a first convocation and not less than ten calendar days in the case of a second convocation prior to 
the date of the reconvened general assembly. 
Each Class A20xx-y Noteholder has the right to participate in meetings of the relevant Masse in person, 
represented by proxy correspondence or, if the FCT Regulations so specify, videoconference or any 
other means of telecommunication enabling the identification of the participating Class A20xx-y 
Noteholder. Each Class A20xx-y Note carries the right to one vote. 
A Class A20xx-y Noteholders General Meeting may further deliberate on any proposal relating to the 
modification of the Conditions, including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating 
to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions (but excluding any modification 
referred to in Condition 9 above in which case the relevant provisions of Condition 9 shall apply), it 
being specified, however, that a Class A20xx-y Noteholders General Meeting may not increase the 
obligations of (including any amounts payable by) the Class A20xx-y Noteholders of the relevant Series 
of Class A20xx-y Notes nor establish any unequal treatment between the Class A20xx-y Noteholders. 
Class A20xx-y Noteholders General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the 
Class A20xx-y Noteholders of the relevant Series of Class A20xx-y Notes present or represented hold at 
least one-quarter of the principal amount of the Notes of such class then outstanding. On second 
convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at these meetings shall be taken by a two-thirds 
majority of votes cast by the Class A20xx-y Noteholders attending such meeting or represented thereat. 
Decisions of any Class A20xx-y Noteholders General Meeting must be published in accordance with the 
provisions set out in Condition 10 (Notice to the Class A20xx-y Noteholders) not more than 90 calendar 
days from the date thereof. 
11.4 
Each Class A20xx-y Noteholder has the right, during the 15-day period preceding the holding of each 
Class A20xx-y Noteholders General Meeting, to consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions 
which are proposed and of the reports which are presented at this meeting, which is available for

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
inspection at the principal office of the Management Company, at the office of the Paying Agent and 
at any other place specified in the notice of meeting. 
11.5 
The FCT will not pay any expenses incurred by the operation of the Masse, including expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of meetings and all administrative expenses resolved upon by a Class A20xx-
y Noteholders General Meeting, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against 
interest payable on the Class A20xx-y Notes. 
12. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
The Class A Programme Notes and the FCT Regulations are governed by and will be construed in 
accordance with French law. All claims and disputes in connection with the Class A Programme Notes 
and the FCT Regulations shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the French courts having 
competence in commercial matters.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
THE RECEIVABLES 
Description 
The Pool comprises the Purchased Receivables and Ancillary Rights and Related Security attached thereto 
assigned to the FCT from time to time. 
The Purchased Receivables consist in any outstanding Receivables that have been purchased by the FCT from 
the Seller on the Closing Date and on any subsequent Purchase Date and which have not been reassigned to 
the Seller. 
The transfer of the Receivables is made together with any Ancillary Rights and Related Security attached 
thereto. 
The Seller will, on the Closing Date and on each subsequent Purchase Date, offer to transfer Eligible 
Receivables together with Ancillary Rights and Related Security relating thereto and the FCT will purchase 
some or all of those Receivables and Ancillary Rights and Related Security relating thereto offered to it, subject 
to certain conditions precedent as set out in the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and subject to and in 
accordance with French law and the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement described in the 
section entitled "Purchase and Servicing of the Receivables - Master Receivables Purchase Agreement" on 
page 133. 
In connection with the purchase by the FCT of Eligible Receivables under the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement the Seller will also make representations to the FCT in respect of the Receivables. These 
representations are described further below in the sub-section below entitled "Representations and warranties 
relating to the Receivables".  
Origination of the Receivables 
The Receivables will be originated by the Seller in the ordinary course of its business in accordance with the 
terms and practices established by it. The Receivables consist of two types: 
(a) 
Loan Receivables; and 
(b) 
Trade Receivables. 
The Loan Receivables that will be assigned to the FCT by the Seller are receivables which have been originated 
pursuant to a Loan Contract in accordance with the relevant Dealer Agreement which sets out the terms of the 
financing which the Seller provides to the relevant Dealer for the purpose of the acquisition by the Dealers of, 
in particular, certain vehicles (mainly New Vehicles or Used Vehicles of the brands Renault, Dacia, Alpine 
and Nissan branded New Vehicles (including Demo Vehicles)) and Spare Parts from suppliers, i.e. the 
Manufacturers, other dealers or other third parties. The Seller provides two different types of loan financings 
in the form of (i) direct financing of the purchase price (i.e. where the Seller extends the loan to the Dealer by 
making a direct payment to the relevant Manufacturer in cases where the Dealer has not yet paid the purchase 
price to the relevant Manufacturer) and (ii) subsequent financing of the purchase price (i.e. where the Dealer 
has already paid the purchase price from the relevant seller). 
The Trade Receivables were originated by Renault Germany or Nissan Germany pursuant to a Sales Contract 
with the relevant Dealer. Subsequently, the Trade Receivables including all Ancillary Rights and Related 
Security will be acquired by the Seller pursuant to and in accordance with the relevant Factoring Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, the Seller provides financing to the Dealer by granting payment deferrals 
to the relevant Trade Receivables in accordance with the Dealer Agreement, which sets out the terms of the 
financing which the Seller provides to the relevant Dealer for the purpose of the acquisition by such Dealer of 
certain Renault-branded Vehicles, in particular certain New Vehicles, Buyback Vehicles and Former Company 
Vehicles, or Renault- or Nissan-branded Spare Parts, and terms and practices established by it.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Dealer Agreements/Loan Contracts/Sale Contracts 
The Dealer Agreements set out the general terms of a financing which is granted by the Seller to the Dealer. 
There are different types of Dealer Agreements for different Manufacturers and different segments of the 
dealership. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreements, the Seller enters into individual Loan Contracts under which the Loan 
Receivables arise and which sets out the specific terms of a loan which is granted by the Seller to the Dealer 
for the purpose of acquiring. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreements, the Loan Receivables will be secured by the Related Security (including, 
without limitation, security title (Sicherungseigentum) and/or present and future contingent title 
(Anwartschaftsrecht) to the Financed Vehicles) securing the Dealer’s obligation to repay the granted 
financings. 
The Seller generally requires payment of principal in full of the related Loan Receivable upon the earlier of: 
• 
the sale, renting or lease of a vehicle; or 
• 
the expiration of the term of the loan granted to the relevant Dealer. 
The Sales Contract is a contract between a Dealer and a Manufacturer under which the Trade Receivables arise 
and which sets out the specific terms of a purchase of a Vehicle and/or Spare Parts from the Manufacturer by 
the Dealer. 
The payment due date for the Trade Receivables may be up to 120 or, in individual cases, up to 180 days, after 
the invoice date. 
Receivables Eligibility Criteria 
Each Receivable sold by the Seller to the FCT shall, on the relevant Purchase Date, satisfy each of the following 
Receivables Eligibility Criteria: 
(a) 
Ordinary Course of Business: it has been originated by the Seller in the ordinary course of business 
and arises:  
(i) 
in case of a Loan Receivable, from (A) the granting of a loan to a Dealer and represents the 
principal agreed for the relevant loan, or (B) an extension agreement (Stundungsvereinbarung) 
with a Dealer regarding a Trade Receivable and represents the amount which is the subject of 
the extension agreement; and 
(ii) 
in case of a Trade Receivable, from a Sales Contract between Renault Germany or Nissan 
Germany and the Dealer which it has acquired under the relevant Factoring Agreement with 
Renault Germany or Nissan Germany and represents the purchase price of a Vehicle or Spare 
Parts payable by a Dealer under such Sales Contract and is set out in an Invoice and is non-
interest bearing; 
(b) 
Dealer Agreements / Completed Performance: it has been originated:  
(i) 
in case of a Loan Receivable, by the Seller pursuant to a Loan Contract in accordance with the 
relevant Dealer Agreement, and both the Seller and the Dealer are in compliance with their 
obligations arising from such Loan Contract and under the Dealer Agreement and, in 
particular, the Seller has fully extended the relevant loan amount to the Dealer;

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(ii) 
in case of a Trade Receivable, by Renault Germany or Nissan Germany pursuant to a Sales 
Contract in accordance with the relevant Dealer Agreement, and Renault Germany or Nissan 
Germany and the relevant Manufacturer have fully performed all of their respective 
obligations under such Sales Contract and Renault Germany, Nissan Germany the relevant 
Manufacturer and the Dealer are in compliance with their obligations arising from such Sales 
Contract and Dealer Agreement; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a Loan Receivable, pursuant to a Dealer Agreement which conforms to one of 
the template Dealer Agreements annexed to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement; 
(c) 
Currency / Cash: it is denominated in Euro; 
(d) 
Assignability:  
(i) 
it can be freely and validly transferred by way of assignment to the FCT under the terms of 
the relevant Receivables Contract and Dealer Agreement without any requirement to give 
notice to or obtain consent from the Dealer and without otherwise breaching the Receivables 
Contract and Dealer Agreement under which the Receivable arises; 
(ii) 
the transfer of which will on the respective Purchase Date not violate any provision of 
applicable law or regulation or articles of association of the Seller or of any agreement 
(including any contractual or legal prohibition to assign the respective Receivables 
(vertragliche oder gesetzliche Abtretungsverbote); and  
(iii) 
unless in case of Receivables generated under German law such Receivable is assignable 
although a contractual prohibition to assign does exist pursuant to Section 354a of the German 
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) and in respect of Receivables governed by any laws 
other than German law, which are assignable although a contractual prohibition to assign does 
exist pursuant to any comparable provisions, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other 
instrument binding upon it; 
(e) 
Transfer of Title: the assignment of which in the manner contemplated by the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement (assuming the Receivables are properly identified by using the Offer File 
properly) will be effective to pass to the FCT full and unencumbered legal and beneficial title to, and 
the valid and enforceable exclusive ownership of, such Receivable, Ancillary Rights and Related 
Security and all the benefits thereof, and no further act, condition or thing will be required to be done 
in connection therewith to enable the FCT to require payment of any such Receivable or the 
enforcement of any such right in any court, provided that any enforcement might be limited in case of 
insolvency of the relevant Dealer;  
(f) 
No Defaults: (i) in case of a Trade Receivable, the originator of the Receivable is not in default under 
the terms of the Sales Contract from which the Receivable arises, and (ii) in case of a Loan Receivable 
originated from an extension agreement (Stundungsvereinbarung) regarding a Trade Receivable, the 
originator of the Trade Receivable is not in default under the terms of the Sales Contract from which 
the Trade Receivable arises; 
(g) 
Validity / Encumbrances: 
(i) 
together with any related Receivables Contract, the Receivable (and the Ancillary Rights and 
Related Security) are in full force and effect and constitute the legal, valid and binding 
obligation of the related Dealer enforceable against such Dealer in accordance with its terms, 
unless otherwise agreed between the Parties, and is not, until it is discharged in full, subject 
to any set-off right, counterclaim or other defence (Einrede oder Einwendung) and, as of the 
relevant Offer Date, not subject to any litigation or dispute;

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
(ii) 
it has been created in compliance with all applicable laws and all required consents, approvals 
and authorisations have been obtained in respect thereof and in respect of the goods or services 
related to such Receivable there is no prohibition on the import into the Federal Republic of 
Germany; 
(iii) 
it is owned by the Seller free and clear of any Encumbrance (other than any Encumbrance 
created or permitted by the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction 
Document), subject to (d) below;  
(iv) 
subject to a Dealer's right to become the owner of, or to sell to a third party, the relevant 
Vehicle and/or Spare Parts pursuant to the related Receivables Contract and the related Dealer 
Agreements, (i) neither the Receivable, Ancillary Rights nor Related Security are subject to 
any lien, right of revocation, counterclaim, right to contest or defence against Renault 
Germany, Nissan Germany, the Seller or any third party, and the performance of any of the 
terms of the related Receivables Contract, the related Dealer Agreements or Ancillary Rights 
or Related Security or the exercise of any rights thereunder will not render the corresponding 
related Receivables Contract, the related Dealer Agreements, Ancillary Rights or Related 
Security unenforceable in whole or in part or subject to such lien, right of revocation, 
counterclaim, defence or right to contest in respect thereof; and (ii) no third party has or may 
have at any time any right, privilege or action in respect of the relevant Vehicle and/or Spare 
Parts; and  
(v) 
is evidenced by an Invoice or similar evidence which will be sufficient to prove a claim 
therefore against the related Dealer in any applicable court; 
(h) 
Obligor: the Dealer owing the Receivable is (i) an Eligible Dealer and (ii) it is not classified in the 
Seller's records as : 
(i) 
Warning (or equivalently Caris Note 8) corresponding to a Code Phase = “1” and Code 
Surveillance = “A”;  
(ii) 
Default (or equivalently Caris Note 9) corresponding to a Code Phase = ”2” and Code 
Surveillance = “C”; and 
(iii) 
Pre-warning (or equivalently Caris Note 7) corresponding to a Code Phase = “3” and Code 
Surveillance = “P”. 
and is entitled to benefit from provisions set out in the Dealer Agreements with respect to deferral of 
payments;  
(i) 
Governing Law: the Receivables Contract and Dealer Agreement under which that Receivable arises 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Receivable itself are governed by the laws of Germany; 
(j) 
Defaults: it is not a Defaulted Receivable;  
(k) 
No Immunity: the Dealer may not be able to contest the enforcement of the Receivable due to such 
Dealer's immunity from legal proceedings or sovereign status; 
(l) 
Payment by Dealer: it is either 
(i) 
fully and directly payable by the relevant Dealer to the Seller in its own name and for its own 
account, and it is payable by way of direct debit and has given rise to duly executed direct 
debit authorisation to the Seller and direct debit instruction to the Dealer's bank by the relevant 
Dealer; or

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
(ii) 
the related Dealer has been instructed to make all payments in respect of a Receivable to the 
Dedicated Account;  
(m) 
Identification: it can be easily segregated and identified for ownership on any day; 
(n) 
No Extended Retention of Title: with regard to a Receivables Contract no extended retention of title 
clauses (verlängerte Eigentumsvorbehalte), or similar clauses which provide for an assignment of the 
Receivables to a supplier of either of the Manufacturers exist; 
(o) 
Compliance with Credit and Collection Policy: it has been originated or acquired, as applicable, and 
serviced, in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy; 
(p) 
Maturity: it is not overdue and it is payable (i) in case of a Loan Receivable within up to 361 calendar 
days from the date of its origination and (ii) in case of a Trade Receivable within 181 calendar days 
from the date of its acquisition by the Seller;  
(q) 
Rescheduling: it has not given rise to any rescheduling (in respect of principal or interest, if any);  
(r) 
Outstanding Balance: the outstanding balance of the Receivable has not been cancelled, prepaid or 
in any other way reduced from its original amount other than as a result of Collections or Deemed 
Collections; 
(s) 
Vehicle: the Financed Vehicle is not a total loss for insurance purposes, nor has it been stolen, and it 
is in the direct or indirect possession of the relevant Dealer;  
(t) 
Existing Security Interest: RCI Banque is the owner of a valid and enforceable security title to the 
corresponding Financed Asset (including a retained title (Vorbehaltseigentum)), which is enforceable 
in accordance with its terms; 
(u) 
Car Insurance: the dealer has the contractual obligation to insure the Financed Vehicle and the 
Financed Spare Part for its full replacement value; 
(v) 
VAT: the Receivables include the VAT payable thereon, if any; 
(w) 
Confidentiality / Data Protection: the assignment of the Receivable will not violate confidentiality 
obligations of any party;  
(x) 
Delivery: the relevant Financed Asset has been dispatched or delivered to the corresponding Dealer 
in Germany in accordance with the Sales Contract and the relevant Dealer Agreement and the Financed 
Asset is located in Germany;  
(y) 
Disbursement of Loan Amount: in case of Loan Receivables originated from loan agreements 
(Darlehensverträge), the loan amount has been fully disbursed to the Dealer; 
(z) 
Current Account: no Receivables are subject to current account arrangements between the Seller and 
the Dealer; 
(aa) 
Withholding Tax: the payment due from the Dealer in respect of the Receivable is not subject to 
withholding tax; 
(bb) 
Initial Transfer: the initial transfer of the Trade Receivables from the Manufacturer to the Seller 
meets the requirements for a “cash transaction” (Bargeschäft) under the German Insolvency Code; and  
(cc) 
Underlying Financed Assets: the underlying Financed Assets are either:

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
(i) 
New Vehicles (including Demo Vehicles) but excluding electric New Vehicles for which the 
battery is not financed under the same Sales Contract or, as applicable, Loan Contract as the 
electric New Vehicle; 
(ii) 
Used Vehicles (including Buyback Vehicles and Former Company Vehicles) but excluding 
electric Used Vehicles for which the battery is not financed under the same Sales Contract or, 
as applicable, Loan Contract as the electric Used Vehicle; and 
(iii) 
Spare Parts. 
Dealers Eligibility Criteria 
An Eligible Dealer is a Dealer who satisfies the following criteria as of the relevant Purchase Date: 
(a) 
it is in existence and is approved in accordance with the Seller's standard practice regarding the 
origination of Receivables;  
(b) 
it has the centre of its main interest in Germany, is resident in Germany and is acting through its 
principal office in Germany; 
(c) 
it is not subject to an Insolvency Event;  
(d) 
it is not classified in the Seller's records as Caris Note 8 (or equivalently "alerte") or Caris Note 7 (or 
equivalently "pré-alerte") and is entitled to benefit from provisions set out in the Dealer Agreement 
with respect to deferral of payments; 
(e) 
no amounts owed by the Dealer to the Seller have been written off as uncollectible; 
(f) 
no amounts owed by the Dealer to the Seller have been overdue more than one month in the past 12 
months; 
(g) 
the Dealer Agreements, and the Receivables Contracts, were or are from time to time entered into in 
the normal course of the Dealer's business; 
(h) 
it is a corporate entity (and no natural person or partnership) and is not controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by any government or other public authority (but in no case a consumer (Verbraucher) within the 
meaning of § 13 BGB); 
(i) 
is able to pay the Receivables as and when they fall due without requirement of any special project 
approval or payment approval from any public authority; 
(j) 
to the Seller's best knowledge and belief, is not involved in a pending merger with, or acquisition by, 
a separate entity (except if the other party to the merger or the acquiring entity is itself an Eligible 
Dealer or an affiliate), or is otherwise involved in any company reorganisation of a similar nature as a 
result of which the rating of such Dealer in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy would 
fall below “C”; 
(k) 
since its appointment as a car dealer or car workshop which is a member of the Renault or Nissan 
network, it has never undergone a floor-check resulting in discrepancies which were not rectified 
within 15 days from the date on which such discrepancy was identified; 
(l) 
to the Seller's best knowledge and belief, it is not in default under any of its obligations under (i) any 
lease agreement in respect of any premises where it stores any Vehicle, or (ii) any agreement in respect 
of the transportation of the Vehicles or (iii) generally any contract with any third party having, for 
whatever reason, possession over the Vehicles where, in respect of (i), (ii) and (iii), such default is

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
such that its counterparty would be entitled to exercise a retention right, statutory pledge (gesetzliches 
Pfandrecht) or other privilege whatsoever over any Vehicle;  
(m) 
it is (i) no Affiliate of either of the Manufacturers or any of the Manufacturer's Affiliates and (ii) none 
of the Manufacturers and none of any Manufacturer's Affiliate is holding an equity investment in it 
exceeding 5 %; and 
(n) 
it has complied with all obligations under the relevant Dealer Agreements to which it is a party. 
Representations and warranties relating to the Receivables 
The Seller will represent and warrant to the FCT that: 
(a) 
each receivable identified in any report, IT file, and transfer deed delivered to the Management 
Company on any applicable date by the Seller qualifies as a "Receivable" as defined in the Transaction 
Documents; 
(b) 
each Receivable identified in any report, IT file, and transfer deed delivered to the Management 
Company on any applicable date by the Seller conforms with the description given with respect thereto 
in such report, IT file or transfer deed; 
(c) 
the Loan Receivables have been originated under bona fide Loan Contracts between the Seller and 
Dealers which are incorporated and tax resident in Germany; 
(d) 
the Trade Receivables have been originated under bona fide Sales Contracts between (i) Renault 
Germany and Dealers and (ii) Nissan Germany and Dealers whereby all Dealers referred to in this sub-
clause (d) are incorporated and tax resident in Germany; and 
(e) 
each Receivable identified and individualised as an "Eligible Receivable" in any report, IT file, and 
transfer deed delivered to the Management Company on any applicable date by the Seller complies 
with all the eligibility criteria applicable to "Eligible Receivables" on the purchase date of such 
receivable.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
STATISTICAL INFORMATION 
The following statistical information has been prepared in relation to a provisional pool of Receivables meeting 
the Eligibility Criteria as at 30 June 2022 and non-adversely selected from the RCI Banque S.A. Niederlassung 
Deutschland receivables portfolio, on the basis of information supplied by RCI Banque S.A. Niederlassung 
Deutschland and RCI Banque.  
 
 
Portfolio Overview 
  
Cut-off Date 
30-Jun-2022 
Outstanding Amount (EUR) 
585,150,110.61 
Number of Contracts 
37,700 
Average Balance per Contract (EUR) 
15,521.22 
Weighted Average Original Term (days) 
325.74 
Weighted Average Remaining Term (days) 
269.32 
Weighted Average Seasoning (days) 
56.42 
 
 
Distribution by Product Group 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Distribution by Product Group 
Number 
% of Number 
Outstanding (EUR) 
% of Outstanding 
New Cars 
19,852 
52.66% 
501,490,037 
85.70% 
Used Cars 
2,967 
7.87% 
51,176,993 
8.75% 
Spare Parts 
14,881 
39.47% 
32,483,081 
5.55% 
Total 
37,700 
100.00% 
585,150,111 
100.00% 
 
 
Distribution by RCI Germany's Internal Rating 
 
 
 
 
Distribution by RCI Germany's Internal Rating 
Number 
% of Number 
Outstanding (EUR) 
% of Outstanding 
A 
25,914 
68.74% 
382,954,975 
65.45% 
B 
11,537 
30.60% 
198,396,258 
33.91% 
C 
249 
0.66% 
3,798,878 
0.65% 
Total 
37,700 
100.00% 
585,150,111 
100.00% 
 
 
Distribution by Dealer Network 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Distribution by Dealer Network 
Number 
% of Number 
Outstanding (EUR) 
% of Outstanding 
Renault 
24,729 
65.59% 
449,323,348 
76.79% 
Nissan 
12,971 
34.41% 
135,826,763 
23.21% 
Total 
37,700 
100.00% 
585,150,111 
100.00% 
 
 
Distribution by Outstanding Principal Amount (EUR) 
 
 
 
 
Distribution by Outstanding Principal Amount (EUR) 
Number 
% of Number 
Outstanding (EUR) 
% of Outstanding 
[ 0 - 10,000 [ 
15,145 
40.17% 
23,949,760 
4.09% 
[ 10,000 - 20,000 [ 
9,492 
25.18% 
153,244,318 
26.19% 
[ 20,000 - 30,000 [ 
7,137 
18.93% 
172,673,033 
29.51% 
[ 30,000 - 40,000 [ 
3,658 
9.70% 
125,464,602 
21.44% 
[ 40,000 - 50,000 [ 
2,040 
5.41% 
90,170,522 
15.41% 
[ 50,000 - 60,000 [ 
124 
0.33% 
6,667,124 
1.14% 
[ 60,000 - 70,000 [ 
39 
0.10% 
2,575,555 
0.44% 
[ 70,000 - 80,000 [ 
23 
0.06% 
1,697,663 
0.29% 
[ 80,000 - 90,000 [ 
13 
0.03% 
1,087,652 
0.19% 
[ 90,000 - 100,000 [ 
5 
0.01% 
487,280 
0.08% 
>= 100,000 
24 
0.06% 
7,132,601 
1.22% 
Total 
37,700 
100.00% 
585,150,111 
100.00% 
 
 
Max 
 
1,287,593.14 
Min 
1.48 
Weighted Average 
15,521.22

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
Concentration of Top 20 Debtor Groups 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Concentration of Top 20 Debtor Groups 
Number 
% of Number 
Outstanding (EUR) 
% of Outstanding 
1 
1,274 
3.38% 
28,716,765 
4.91% 
2 
1,376 
3.65% 
25,656,607 
4.38% 
3 
959 
2.54% 
20,958,413 
3.58% 
4 
932 
2.47% 
18,996,402 
3.25% 
5 
826 
2.19% 
18,704,519 
3.20% 
6 
866 
2.30% 
17,923,987 
3.06% 
7 
693 
1.84% 
17,753,707 
3.03% 
8 
585 
1.55% 
15,423,841 
2.64% 
9 
458 
1.21% 
10,779,822 
1.84% 
10 
454 
1.20% 
10,715,149 
1.83% 
11 
590 
1.56% 
10,679,157 
1.83% 
12 
562 
1.49% 
9,911,866 
1.69% 
13 
467 
1.24% 
8,930,787 
1.53% 
14 
491 
1.30% 
8,708,390 
1.49% 
15 
493 
1.31% 
8,601,456 
1.47% 
16 
335 
0.89% 
8,287,595 
1.42% 
17 
513 
1.36% 
8,172,092 
1.40% 
18 
399 
1.06% 
8,090,475 
1.38% 
19 
382 
1.01% 
7,971,442 
1.36% 
20 
341 
0.90% 
7,665,674 
1.31% 
Total 
37,700 
100.00% 
585,150,111 
100.00% 
 
 
Distribution by Remaining Term (days) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Distribution by Remaining Term (days) 
Number 
% of Number 
Outstanding (EUR) 
% of Outstanding 
[ 0 - 90 [ 
15,375 
40.78% 
48,579,172 
8.30% 
[ 90 - 180 [ 
3,179 
8.43% 
57,929,010 
9.90% 
[ 180 - 270 [ 
5,261 
13.95% 
119,539,411 
20.43% 
[ 270 - 360 [ 
13,849 
36.73% 
358,259,379 
61.23% 
>= 360 
36 
0.10% 
843,139 
0.14% 
Total 
37,700 
100.00% 
585,150,111 
100.00% 
 
Max 
 
360.00 
Min 
1.00 
Weighted Average 
269.32 
 
 
Distribution by Seasoning (days) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Distribution by Seasoning (days) 
Number 
% of Number 
Outstanding (EUR) 
% of Outstanding 
[ 0 - 90 [ 
30,738 
81.53% 
435,913,361 
74.50% 
[ 90 - 180 [ 
5,050 
13.40% 
114,568,584 
19.58% 
[ 180 - 270 [ 
1,487 
3.94% 
27,395,527 
4.68% 
[ 270 - 360 [ 
425 
1.13% 
7,272,638 
1.24% 
>= 360 
0 
0.00% 
0 
0.00% 
Total 
37,700 
100.00% 
585,150,111 
100.00% 
 
Max 
 
359.00 
Min 
0.00 
Weighted Average 
56.42 
 
 
Distribution by Origination Year 
Distribution by Origination Year 
Number 
% of Number 
Outstanding (EUR) 
% of Outstanding 
2021 
1,912 
5.07% 
34,668,165 
5.92% 
2022 
35,788 
94.93% 
550,481,946 
94.08% 
Total 
37,700 
100.00% 
585,150,111 
100.00%

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Amortisation of a series of Class A Programme Notes: 
 
MPR: 45% 
Default Rate: 0% 
Clean-up Call: at 0% 
 
Payment Date 
Class A Notes Principal 
Outstanding 
Class A Notes 
Amortisation 
Class B Notes Principal 
Outstanding 
Class B Notes 
Amortisation 
Aug-22 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Sep-22 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Oct-22 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Nov-22 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Dec-22 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Jan-23 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Feb-23 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Mar-23 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Apr-23 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
May-23 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Jun-23 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Jul-23 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Aug-23 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Sep-23 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Oct-23 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Nov-23 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Dec-23 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Jan-24 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Feb-24 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Mar-24 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Apr-24 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
May-24 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Jun-24 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Jul-24 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Aug-24 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Sep-24 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Oct-24 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Nov-24 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Dec-24 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Jan-25 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Feb-25 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Mar-25 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Apr-25 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
May-25 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Jun-25 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Jul-25 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Aug-25 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Sep-25 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Oct-25 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Nov-25 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Dec-25 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Jan-26 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Feb-26 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Mar-26 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Apr-26 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
May-26 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
Jun-26 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Jul-26 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Aug-26 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Sep-26 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Oct-26 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Nov-26 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Dec-26 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Jan-27 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Feb-27 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Mar-27 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Apr-27 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
May-27 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Jun-27 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Jul-27 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Aug-27 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Sep-27 
540,000,000.00 
0.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Oct-27 
238,095,000.00 
301,905,000.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Nov-27 
72,047,250.00 
166,047,750.00 
130,900,000.00 
0.00 
Dec-27 
0.00 
72,047,250.00 
111,620,987.50 
19,279,012.50 
Jan-28 
0.00 
0.00 
61,391,543.13 
50,229,444.38 
Feb-28 
0.00 
0.00 
33,765,348.72 
27,626,194.41 
Mar-28 
0.00 
0.00 
18,570,941.80 
15,194,406.92 
Apr-28 
0.00 
0.00 
10,214,017.99 
8,356,923.81 
May-28 
0.00 
0.00 
5,617,709.89 
4,596,308.09 
Jun-28 
0.00 
0.00 
3,089,740.44 
2,527,969.45 
Jul-28 
0.00 
0.00 
1,699,357.24 
1,390,383.20 
Aug-28 
0.00 
0.00 
934,646.48 
764,710.76 
Sep-28 
0.00 
0.00 
514,055.57 
420,590.92 
Oct-28 
0.00 
0.00 
282,730.56 
231,325.00 
Nov-28 
0.00 
0.00 
155,501.81 
127,228.75 
Dec-28 
0.00 
0.00 
85,525.99 
69,975.81 
Jan-29 
0.00 
0.00 
47,039.30 
38,486.70 
Feb-29 
0.00 
0.00 
25,871.61 
21,167.68 
Mar-29 
0.00 
0.00 
14,229.39 
11,642.23 
Apr-29 
0.00 
0.00 
7,826.16 
6,403.22 
May-29 
0.00 
0.00 
4,304.39 
3,521.77 
Jun-29 
0.00 
0.00 
2,367.41 
1,936.98 
Jul-29 
0.00 
0.00 
1,302.08 
1,065.34 
Aug-29 
0.00 
0.00 
716.14 
585.94 
Sep-29 
0.00 
0.00 
393.88 
322.26 
Oct-29 
0.00 
0.00 
216.63 
177.25 
Nov-29 
0.00 
0.00 
119.15 
97.48 
Dec-29 
0.00 
0.00 
65.53 
53.62 
Jan-30 
0.00 
0.00 
36.04 
29.49 
Feb-30 
0.00 
0.00 
19.82 
16.22 
Mar-30 
0.00 
0.00 
10.90 
8.92 
Apr-30 
0.00 
0.00 
6.00 
4.91 
May-30 
0.00 
0.00 
3.30 
2.70 
Jun-30 
0.00 
0.00 
1.81 
1.48 
Jul-30 
0.00 
0.00 
1.00 
0.82 
Aug-30 
0.00 
0.00 
0.55 
0.45 
Sep-30 
0.00 
0.00 
0.30 
0.25 
Oct-30 
0.00 
0.00 
0.17 
0.14

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Nov-30 
0.00 
0.00 
0.09 
0.07 
Dec-30 
0.00 
0.00 
0.05 
0.04 
Jan-31 
0.00 
0.00 
0.03 
0.02 
Feb-31 
0.00 
0.00 
0.02 
0.01 
Mar-31 
0.00 
0.00 
0.01 
0.01 
Apr-31 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
May-31 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Jun-31 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
PURCHASE AND SERVICING OF THE RECEIVABLES 
The following section relating to the purchase and servicing of the Receivables is an overview of certain 
provisions contained in the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Servicing Agreement and is 
qualified by reference to the detailed provisions of the terms and conditions of each of these documents in the 
form in which they are entered into on the Closing Date. 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement 
The Seller has entered into the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement with the Custodian and the 
Management Company acting as representative of the FCT, pursuant to which:  
(a) 
the Seller shall, on the Closing Date and on each subsequent Purchase Date, offer to transfer to the 
FCT all Eligible Receivables which it holds (together with Ancillary Rights and Related Security 
relating thereto); and  
(b) 
the Management Company, on each Business Day on which it has received an Offer, shall make on 
behalf of the FCT a non-adverse and algorithmic selection of the Receivables to be purchased (or, in 
the case of paragraph (ii) below, a selection among those selected Receivables which, if added to the 
Pool, would cause the requirement set out in such paragraph (ii) below to be breached) so as to satisfy 
the following requirements: 
(i) 
the aggregate Purchase Price of the selected Receivables shall not exceed the Target Purchase 
Amount on such date; and 
(ii) 
if any of the selected Receivables were to be purchased on such date by the FCT, the Pool 
would comply with the Concentration Limits.  
The Master Receivables Purchase Agreement sets out the general terms and conditions of assignment of the 
Receivables to the FCT, including the Eligibility Criteria relating to the Receivables to be offered for transfer 
and their characteristics (see the section entitled "Receivables Eligibility Criteria" for further details). 
Procedure for transfer of Receivables 
The assignment of Receivables shall be carried out, in accordance with the terms of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement, as follows: 
(a) 
On each Purchase Date, the Seller shall offer to sell and assign to the FCT all Eligible Receivables 
(together with the Ancillary Rights and Related Security) in a form acceptable to the FCT by executing 
and delivering to the Management Company and the Custodian (i) an offer file specifying the list of 
Receivables, Ancillary Rights and Related Security offered for purchase on such Purchase Date (an 
Offer File) and (ii) a Transfer Document duly completed and signed by the Seller but left undated 
(together with the Offer File, the Offer). Each Offer must include all the Eligible Receivables which 
the Seller holds. 
(b) 
The Management Company shall, subject to the satisfaction of the applicable Conditions Precedent, 
accept to purchase some or all of the Receivables identified in the Offer File by: 
(i) 
sending on the same Business Day to the Seller (with copy to the Custodian) an acceptance 
file specifying the list of Receivables accepted by the Management Company on behalf of the 
FCT to be purchased by the FCT (together with any corresponding Ancillary Rights and 
Related Security) on such Purchase Date (as selected in accordance with clause 2.2(b) of the 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement) substantially in a form as set out in the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Acceptance File); and

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
(ii) 
countersigning and dating the relevant Transfer Document in which each Receivable accepted 
by the FCT to be assigned shall be identified and individualised (désignée et individualisée) 
by reference to the relevant Purchase Acceptance File, and transferring the relevant Transfer 
Document to the Custodian. 
Transfer document 
Each transfer of Receivables from the Seller to the FCT shall be performed by way of a Transfer Document 
(bordereau) complying with the provisions set out in Articles L. 214-169 et seq. and D. 214-227 of the Code. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 214-169 of the Code, the Receivables and all attached Ancillary Rights 
and Related Security will be transferred from the Seller to the FCT by the delivery to the Management 
Company by the Seller of the Transfer Document, without any further formalities (de plein droit).  
In the event that the Related Security is located in Germany and title to the Related Security is not transferable 
by means of a mere agreement between the FCT and the Seller, the parties to the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement have agreed that (i) the Transfer Document shall contain an agreement (Willenseinigung) under 
German law with respect to the transfer of such Related Security and (ii) the transfer of possession 
(Besitzübergabe) necessary for the transfer of title to such Related Security shall be substituted as follows: 
(a) 
if the Seller holds direct possession (unmittelbarer Besitz) of the relevant Related Security, by the 
Seller holding such Related Security on behalf of the FCT and granting the FCT indirect possession 
(mittelbarer Besitz) of such assets by keeping it with due care free of charge (als unentgeltlicher 
Verwahrer); and  
(b) 
if the Seller holds indirect possession (mittelbarer Besitz) of the relevant Related Security or is entitled 
to claim surrender of the Related Security from a third party for any other reason, by the Seller 
assigning any claim to surrender (Herausgabeanspruch) such Related Security to the FCT (pursuant 
to § 931 BGB. 
For these purposes, any offer to transfer and any Transfer Document by the Seller and any acceptance 
by the FCT (or the Management Company on its behalf) shall be construed accordingly and the Seller 
waives its right to receive an acceptance in accordance with the first sentence of § 151 BGB (Verzicht 
auf Zugang der Annahme). 
A transfer made pursuant to the Transfer Document shall be effective between the parties and enforceable 
against third parties as of the date of such delivery as specified in the relevant Transfer Document. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge that the Seller shall forthwith from the relevant Purchase Date 
pay to the FCT all Collections received in respect of Purchased Receivables from the relevant Purchase Date 
in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Seller and the FCT agree that following the transfer of the Related Security to 
the FCT, the FCT shall be entitled to satisfy itself with priority from the proceeds of any enforcement of any 
part of the Related Security notwithstanding the fact that the Related Security may have been granted by the 
relevant Dealer to also secure other obligations of such Dealer. 
Should the Seller, for any reason whatsoever: 
(a) 
revoke any Offer; or 
(b) 
fail to strictly perform any of the steps, procedures or formalities and/or to deliver any of the documents 
as set out in the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement within the appropriate timeframe and which 
prevents the transfer of the title of the Seller to, and of its rights and interest in, the relevant Receivables 
(including any related Ancillary Rights and Related Security) to the FCT from being effective on the 
relevant Purchase Date,

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
the Seller shall be deemed to have revoked the Offer and shall indemnify the FCT for any costs directly related 
to this revocation borne by the FCT. 
The Management Company may, at all times, take all such actions and comply with all such formalities (or 
require the Seller to take all such actions and comply with all such formalities) as may, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Management Company, be required to effect the transfer of any Purchased Receivables 
(including any Ancillary Rights and Related Security attached to them) to the FCT or secure the FCT's title to 
and rights and interest in the Purchased Receivables and, more generally, to enable the FCT to exercise or 
enforce any of its rights under the Transaction Documents. 
In accordance with Article D. 214-229 of the Code, further to the transfer of any Receivable:  
 
the Seller shall, when required to do so by the Management Company, carry out any act or formality 
in order to preserve, amend, perfect, release or enforce any of the Ancillary Rights (and any Related 
Security) relating to such Receivable; and  
 
any Transfer Document will be kept in custody by the Custodian. 
Assumptions 
Without prejudice to the statutory duties of the Management Company under all applicable laws and 
regulations and subject to the verification by the Management Company of the conditions precedent relating 
to any Offer, the Management Company shall not, before any such sale, make any independent investigation 
in relation to the Seller, the Purchased Receivables, the Ancillary Rights, the Related Security, the Eligible 
Dealers, any Dealer Agreement and the solvency of any Eligible Dealers. In connection with such sale, the 
Management Company shall assume that each of the representations and warranties and undertakings given 
by the Seller and the Servicer in the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Servicing Agreement is 
true, accurate and complete in all respects when rendered or deemed to be repeated and that each of the 
undertakings given by the Seller and the Servicer shall be complied with at all relevant times. 
Automatic Rescission of transfer 
In case of misrepresentation, of breach of Eligibility Criteria or if a transfer of Receivables was made whereas 
the applicable Concentration Limits were not complied with, the party becoming aware of such 
misrepresentation, breach of Eligibility Criteria or non-compliance with the applicable Concentration Limits 
shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, notify the other parties thereof and of the Receivables affected thereby 
(the Affected Receivables) by facsimile or electronic mail. In such case, the Seller shall be obliged to pay, no 
later than the Purchase Date following the date on which the misrepresentation, the breach of Eligibility 
Criteria or the non-compliance with the applicable Concentration Limits and the Affected Receivables was 
notified, an amount equal to the Re-Purchase Price of the Affected Receivables. Subject to the payment of the 
Re-Purchase Price, the transfer of the relevant Affected Receivable shall automatically be deemed null and 
void (résolu) without any further formalities (the Automatic Rescission) and an amount equal to the Re-
Purchase Price of the Affected Receivable concerned shall be paid by the Seller to the FCT, no later than the 
Purchase Date following the date on which the transfer of such Purchased Receivables becomes null and void. 
In the case that any relevant jurisdiction does not recognise the concept of rescission, the above shall, to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, be construed as an automatic re-transfer and re-assignment of the Affected 
Receivables so identified and the declarations of the Seller and the FCT (or the Management Company on its 
behalf) shall be construed accordingly as appropriate offers or acceptances.  
Option to re-purchase Purchased Receivables 
On any Business Day, the Management Company shall be entitled to offer to the Seller to repurchase one or 
more Purchased Receivables if such Purchased Receivable is due or accelerated or irrecoverable, by delivering 
on each Business Day to the Seller:

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
(a) 
a Re-Purchase Offer File in the form set out in the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement specifying 
the list of Purchased Receivables to be transferred back to the Seller on such Business Day; and 
(b) 
a duly completed and signed Retransfer Document in the form set out in the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement in which each relevant Purchased Receivable shall be identified and 
individualised (désignée et individualisée) by reference to the relevant Re-Purchase Offer File. 
On the same Business Day, the Seller shall countersign and date the relevant Retransfer Document, and deliver 
the same to the Management Company (with copy to the Custodian). 
Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 214-169 of the Code, the relevant Purchased Receivables and all 
attached Ancillary Rights and Related Security will be re-purchased from the FCT to the Seller by the delivery 
to the Seller by the Management Company of a bordereau in the form set out in the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement, without any further formalities (de plein droit). Such retransfer shall be effective between 
the parties and enforceable against third parties as of the date of such delivery as specified in the relevant 
bordereau. 
On the corresponding Re-Purchase Date, the Seller shall credit on the Dedicated Account the corresponding 
Re-Purchase Price. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, if the Re-
Purchase Price corresponding to the Re-Purchased Receivables relating to any Retransfer Document is not 
paid in full by the Seller to the Management Company on the corresponding Re-Purchase Date, no retransfer 
of the said Receivables shall take place on the said Re-Purchase Date. 
Purchase Price 
The consideration payable by the FCT to the Seller in respect of the purchase of Purchased Receivables shall 
be (subject to the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement) the Purchase Price. The Purchase 
Price shall be deemed inclusive of any applicable VAT. 
The FCT shall pay the Purchase Price to the Seller in respect of each Receivable transferred to it on the Closing 
Date by application of (i) the proceeds from the issue of the Class A2017-1 Notes and (ii) the funds borrowed 
under the initial Class B Loan. 
On any Purchase Date (other than the Closing Date), the obligation to pay the aggregate Purchase Price for all 
Receivables to be purchased by the FCT on such day shall be discharged on the Purchase Date by (and in the 
following order): 
(a) 
first, by way of set-off with the payment obligations arising under clause 4 (Collections) of the 
Servicing Agreement in respect of the payment of Collections to the FCT on the same Purchase Date 
for each Receivable purchased (such amount the Set-off Amount); and 
(b) 
second, for an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the aggregate Purchase Price for all Receivables 
to be purchased by the FCT on such date over the Set-off Amount, by paying such amount (being the 
FCT Net Principal Payment) to the Seller only out of funds standing to the credit of the General 
Account on such Purchase Date; it being agreed that the FCT Net Principal Payment shall be credited 
by the FCT to the Dedicated Account. 
Transfer Fee 
Transfer Fee Amount 
On each Payment Date, the Seller shall pay to the FCT the Transfer Fee Amount to be applied in accordance 
with the relevant Priority of Payment on such Payment Date.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Additional Transfer Fee Amount 
On each Calculation Date, the Management Company will calculate the Additional Transfer Fee Amount.  
If this amount is higher than zero (0) on a Calculation Date, the Management Company will send a notice to 
the Seller on such Calculation Date.  
No later than three (3) Business Days after such Calculation Date, the Seller shall indicate by way of 
countersigning the notice referred to above its irrevocable commitment to pay such Additional Transfer Fee 
Amount. In this case, it shall credit on the corresponding Payment Date such Additional Transfer Fee Amount 
to the General Account.  
This Additional Transfer Fee Amount will form part of the Available Distribution Amount to be distributed 
on such Payment Date. The Management Company will then assess the Asset-Liability Trigger Event on such 
Payment Date, considering the amount of Additional Transfer Fee Amount effectively paid by the Seller. 
The Transfer Fee Amount and the Additional Transfer Fee Amount shall each be exclusive of any applicable 
VAT. 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
The Master Receivables Purchase Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and shall be governed by 
French law except for clause 5(c) thereof which shall be governed by German law. 
Any dispute in connection with the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement will be submitted to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Commercial Court of Paris (Tribunal de Commerce de Paris). In the event of any dispute 
which may arise between the Management Company and the Custodian in connection with a determination 
and/or a calculation made by the Management Company under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, 
the Management Company and the Custodian shall use their best endeavours to settle their dispute on an 
amicable basis. 
Servicing Agreement 
RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland is the entity responsible for servicing the Receivables prior to their 
assignment by the Seller to the FCT.  
In accordance with the provisions of Article L. 214-172 of the Code, the Management Company and the 
Custodian have agreed that RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland will continue to service the Receivables 
after the Closing Date for the account and on behalf of the FCT, in accordance with and pursuant to the terms 
of the Servicing Agreement. 
The appointment and authority of the Servicer shall be valid as from the date of the first transfer of the relevant 
Receivables originated by the Seller, to the FCT pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, and 
shall remain in full force until the occurrence of a Seller or Servicer Termination Event, upon which date it 
shall terminate in accordance with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement (see section "Termination of the 
appointment of the Servicer" below for further details). 
Duties of the Servicer 
The servicing of the Purchased Receivables shall include (without limitation): 
(a) 
providing administration services in relation to the collection of the Purchased Receivables; 
(b) 
preserving and, where applicable, exercising the Ancillary Rights and Related Security attached to the 
Purchased Receivables;

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
(c) 
providing services in relation to the transfer to the FCT of all amounts of the Purchased Receivables 
collected and of all amounts payable by the Servicer and/or the Seller (in any capacity whatsoever) 
under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement to the FCT; 
(d) 
providing certain data administration and cash management services in relation to the Purchased 
Receivables;  
(e) 
reporting to the Management Company on a daily basis on the performance of the Purchased 
Receivables by drawing up and delivering to the Management Company on each Business Day a Daily 
Servicer Report substantially in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement in respect of such 
Business Day; and 
(f) 
performing those other functions as more detailed in the Servicing Agreement, 
and, in all cases, as provided for in the Servicing Agreement.  
For this purpose the Servicer has hereby been authorised by the FCT to collect payments on the Purchased 
Receivables and to sue the Dealers in any competent court in the Federal Republic of Germany or in any other 
competent jurisdiction in the Servicer's own name and for the benefit of the FCT (gewillkürte 
Prozeßstandschaft) and for these purposes the Servicer is released from the restrictions set forth in § 181 BGB. 
Authority of the Servicer 
In the event that there is any default or breach by any Dealer in relation to any Purchased Receivables, the 
Servicer shall comply in all material respects with the applicable Credit and Collection Policy, provided that: 
(a) 
any substantial amendment (in the reasonable opinion of the Servicer) to, or substitution of, the 
Servicing Procedures shall require the prior written approval of the Management Company and the 
Custodian provided that any amendment to the Credit and Collection Policy which is neither a 
substantial amendment (in the reasonable opinion of the Servicer) to the Servicing Procedures nor a 
substitution of the Credit and Collection Policy may be made without the consent of the Management 
Company and the Custodian; and 
(b) 
the Rating Agencies shall be informed by the Management Company of any substantial amendment 
to or substitution of Servicing Procedures as provided for in paragraph (a) above;  
(c) 
in the event that the Servicer has to face a situation that is not expressly envisaged by the said Credit 
and Collection Policy, it shall act in a commercially prudent and reasonable manner; in applying the 
Credit and Collection Policy or taking any action in relation to any particular Receivable which is in 
default or which is likely to be in default, the Servicer shall only deviate from the relevant Credit and 
Collection Policy if the Servicer reasonably believes that doing so will enhance recovery prospects or 
minimise loss relating to the Purchased Receivables; 
(d) 
notwithstanding the Credit and Collection Policy, the Servicer shall not be entitled to agree to any 
amendments or variation, whether by way of written or oral agreement or by renegotiation, and shall 
not exercise any right of termination or waiver in relation to the Purchased Receivables, the 
Receivables Contracts and the Dealer Agreements to which it is a party or the Ancillary Rights or 
Related Security, if the effect of any such amendment, variation, termination or waiver would be to 
render the Purchased Receivable non-compliant with the Receivables Eligibility Criteria or is 
prejudicial to the interest of the FCT Investors, which would apply were the Purchased Receivable to 
be transferred to the FCT at the time of any such amendment or variation;  
(e) 
the Servicer shall allocate sufficient resources, including personnel and office premises, as necessary, 
to perform its obligations under the Servicing Agreement; and

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
(f) 
the Servicer has the authority to exercise the Ancillary Rights and to enforce Related Security attached 
to the relevant Purchased Receivables. 
The Servicer shall only provide to the FCT the limited duties and services set out in the Servicing Agreement 
and no other. The Servicer shall have no power, rights, authorities or discretions whatsoever in determining 
the operating and financial policies of the FCT, of the Management Company and of the Custodian and the 
Servicer hereby acknowledges that all powers to determine such policies (including the determination of 
whether or not any particular policy is for the benefit of the FCT or the Management Company) are, and shall 
at all times remain, vested in the FCT, the Management Company, the Custodian and their directors and none 
of the provisions of the Servicing Agreement or of the Transaction Documents shall be construed in a manner 
inconsistent with clause 2.2 of the Servicing Agreement. 
The Servicer will act as an independent service provider fully and exclusively responsible for the manner in 
which it provides its duties using its existing ordinary and customary skills, professional standards, policies, 
processes and methodologies, accountable to the FCT only for purposes of its servicing duties. 
The Servicer does not have any authority to act on behalf of the FCT except as provided in the Servicing 
Agreement and, in particular, nothing in the Servicing Agreement gives any authority to the Servicer to 
negotiate or/and to enter into any agreements on behalf of the FCT other than in accordance with clause 2.2 of 
the Servicing Agreement. 
Existing Security Arrangements for Related Security 
When performing its services in accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer will 
respect and comply with the underlying security arrangement (Sicherungsabrede) agreed by the Seller and the 
Dealer in relation to the Related Security as set out in the relevant Dealer Agreement and Receivables Contract. 
Subcontracts 
The Servicer may appoint any third parties of its choice in order to carry out all or any administrative part of 
the services to be provided by it under the Servicing Agreement, provided that: 
(a) 
notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary (including, without limitation, in the contractual 
arrangements between the Servicer and the appointed third parties), the appointment of such third 
parties shall not in any way exempt the Servicer from its obligations under the Servicing Agreement, 
for which it shall continue to be liable as if no such appointment had been made; 
(b) 
the FCT shall have no liability to the appointed third parties whatsoever in relation to any cost, claim, 
charge, damage or expense suffered or incurred by third parties; 
(c) 
each appointment of any such third party shall be subject to the prior consent of the FCT (save when 
the appointment is made in compliance with the applicable Credit and Collection Policy or is legally 
required), which consent shall be delivered by the Management Company, with the consent of the 
Custodian, as soon as practically possible and shall not be unduly withheld; and 
(d) 
in any event, the appointment of such third party complies with the provisions of the Code. 
Collections 
Dedicated Account  
In accordance with Articles L. 214-173 and D. 214-228 of the Code and pursuant to the terms of the Dedicated 
Account Agreement, an existing bank account of the Servicer opened in the books of the Dedicated Account 
Bank has been transformed into a dedicated bank account (compte à affectation spéciale) to the benefit of the 
FCT.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
On each Business Day, the Servicer shall transfer to the FCT the Servicer Principal Payment, subject to any 
set-off arrangement with the FCT. For this purpose, the Servicer shall in an efficient and timely manner collect, 
transfer and credit directly or indirectly to the Dedicated Account all Collections received in respect of the 
Purchased Receivables, provided that the Servicer has undertaken vis-à-vis the FCT: 
(a) 
that all Collections paid by, or received from, the Dealers by direct debit or any other means shall be 
directly credited to the Dedicated Account without transiting via any other account of the Servicer; 
(b) 
to directly transfer to the Dedicated Account on each Business Day the Deemed Collections and 
FinanzPlus Deemed Collections part of the Collections on such Business Day (for the avoidance of 
doubt, including any indemnity paid by the Seller pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement); and 
(c) 
in its capacity as Seller, to directly transfer to the Dedicated Account on each Business Day the 
aggregate Re-Purchase Price of the Re-Purchased Receivables on such Business Day. 
German Account Pledge 
Pursuant to the German Account Pledge Agreement, the Servicer as pledgor has created a pledge (Pfandrecht) 
governed by German law for the benefit of the FCT as pledgee over the Dedicated Account. The Servicer as 
pledgor has undertaken to notify the Dedicated Account Bank of the pledge in order to perfect the pledge and 
has undertaken to obtain a waiver from the Dedicated Account Bank in relation to the Dedicated Account 
Bank’s pledge over the Dedicated Account created pursuant to the Dedicated Account Bank’s general business 
conditions (allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen). 
Transfer of Collections to the FCT 
On each Business Day after the Closing Date, the Servicer will transfer to the General Account the Servicer 
Net Principal Payment (if any) and the Management Company will transfer to the Dedicated Account the FCT 
Net Principal Payment (if any). 
Following the occurrence of a Seller or Servicer Termination Event which is continuing, the Management 
Company shall be entitled to serve without delay to the Dedicated Account Bank a Notice of Control including 
an instruction from the Management Company to the Dedicated Account Bank to transfer without delay the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Dedicated Account to any relevant FCT Account.  
Payment of Deemed Collections 
If a Dealer under a given Purchased Receivable is entitled to reduce its payments payable under such 
Receivable (be it due or not yet due), then the Seller (in its capacity as Seller or Servicer) shall pay to the FCT 
the full amount of such potential reduction as deemed collection on the Business Day following the day when 
such reduction occurs if and where: 
(a) 
any of the representations and warranties of the Seller in respect of the Receivables is found to have 
been inaccurate on the relevant date; 
(b) 
any transfer document executed in respect of the transfer of the Receivable to the FCT does not or 
ceases to operate a perfect, full, legal, valid, binding and enforceable transfer to the FCT, for any 
reason whatsoever; 
(c) 
the Seller has failed to take any action required to be performed by it which inaction has resulted in an 
impairment of the rights of the FCT in respect of the Receivable, related Ancillary Rights and Related 
Security;

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
(d) 
such Receivable, the corresponding Receivables Contract or the corresponding Dealer Agreement is 
terminated by any party after the purchase date on which the Receivable was transferred to the FCT;  
(e) 
any decrease in the nominal amount of such Receivable arising by operation of law or as a result of a 
judicial decision; 
(f) 
any of the Manufacturers, the Seller or the Servicer waives a retention of title or other security interest 
existing over the Financed Asset corresponding to the Receivable; or 
(g) 
any Dilution occurs. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a FinanzPlus Deemed Collection shall not be treated as a Deemed Collection if 
and when such collection has been received by the FCT on the due date therefore. 
FinanzPlus Deemed Collections 
If the nominal amount of a Purchased Receivable decreases (in full or in part) as a result of the daily set-off 
effected with respect to amounts booked to the Seller’s FinanzPlus Account of the Dealer on such date, then 
the Seller shall pay to the FCT an amount equal to the relevant FinanzPlus Deemed Collection. For the 
avoidance of doubt, such payment shall be made on the following Business Day of which such set-off takes 
effect. 
Dealer Agreements and Files 
Upon remittance by the Seller of any Transfer Document in accordance with clause 8 (Payment of Purchase 
Price) of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Custodian hereby waives in accordance with Article 
D. 214-229 of the Code, until the occurrence of any Seller or Servicer Termination Event, for management 
and servicing ease and with the consent of the Management Company, the right to receive all Files relating to 
the Purchased Receivables and the corresponding Ancillary Rights and Related Security including (without 
limitation) the Dealer Agreements relating to the Receivables assigned to the FCT under such Transfer 
Document and the original vehicle registration certificate (Zulassungsbescheinigung Teil II) for the 
corresponding Financed Vehicle provided, however, that for the purpose of article L.214-175-4 of Code and 
article 323-59-1 of the AMF General Regulations, the Servicer shall deliver on first demand a copy of Files 
required by the Custodian to enable the Custodian to control the existence of the Purchased Receivables, their 
respective Ancillary Rights and Related Security, based on samples.  
Consequently, the Servicer shall be responsible for keeping the Files either delivered to it by the Seller, if the 
Servicer is different from the Seller, or held by the Servicer directly with respect to the Purchased Receivables 
and the corresponding Ancillary Rights and Related Security in such form which is at least adequate to enable 
the Purchased Receivables, Ancillary Rights and Related Security to be enforced without any delay and in 
such manner that they are identifiable and distinguishable from the records, files and other documents which 
relate to other receivables or agreements maintained by or on behalf of the Servicer or any other person. 
The Servicer shall not destroy the Files with respect to the Purchased Receivables and the corresponding 
Ancillary Rights and Related Security and shall ensure that the Files are kept in safe custody at all times and 
under its control and that they are not, and will not be, destroyed otherwise than with the prior written consent 
of the Management Company and of the Custodian. 
The Servicer shall keep the Files with respect to the Purchased Receivables and the corresponding Ancillary 
Rights and Related Security either at its address as set out in the recitals or at any other location complying 
with the provisions of the Credit and Collection Policy. The Servicer also undertakes to forthwith notify to the 
Management Company the place of location of the Files upon request of the Management Company or of the 
Custodian.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
The Servicer will represent and warrant to the Custodian that it put in place (i) documented procedures in 
relation to its obligations set out in this paragraph of keeping the Files with respect to the Purchased 
Receivables and the corresponding Ancillary Rights and Related Security and (ii) a regular and independent 
internal control of such procedures. 
The Servicer shall deliver to the Management Company or the Custodian or any Person appointed by them, as 
soon as practically possible after having received a written or oral request to this effect and to the location 
specified in such request, a copy (or the originals when this is specified in the relevant request) of all or part 
of the Files with respect to all or part of the Purchased Receivables and the corresponding Ancillary Rights 
and Related Security. 
Daily Servicer Report 
The Servicer shall provide the Management Company, by electronic mail, on each Business Day, with the 
Daily Servicer Report. 
Information 
Access to information 
The Servicer shall, at its own cost and expense and upon receipt of a prior written notice to that effect, permit 
the Management Company, the Custodian or any Person appointed by it at all reasonable times during normal 
business hours: 
(a) 
to access its premises to verify, audit, inspect and copy all information, systems, procedures (including, 
without limitation, the Credit and Collection Policy), records (including, without limitation, computer 
records and books of records, and relating in particular to the Dedicated Account), Files with respect 
to the Purchased Receivables and the corresponding Ancillary Rights and Related Security, books, 
accounts held and/or maintained by it, relating to the Purchased Receivables and/or the performance 
of its obligations under the Servicing Agreement; 
(b) 
to inspect the electronic systems used by the Servicer, which, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Management Company, the Custodian or any Person appointed by it, shall enable: 
(i) 
the performance by the Servicer of its undertakings under the Servicing Agreement and the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party; 
(ii) 
an appropriate identification and individualisation of each Purchased Receivable and the 
corresponding Ancillary Rights and Related Security; and 
(iii) 
the Servicer to provide the Management Company and the Custodian with any information 
whatsoever which it is entitled to receive from it pursuant to the Transaction Documents; and 
(c) 
more generally, to take such other steps from time to time as they reasonably think fit for the purposes 
of verifying or obtaining any information concerning any of the Purchased Receivables and the 
corresponding Ancillary Rights and Related Security and to discuss any matters relating to such 
Purchased Receivables with any of the officers, employees or agents, including the auditors, of the 
Servicer which have knowledge of such matters. 
Provision of information 
The Servicer shall, at its own cost and expense and upon receipt of a prior written or oral request to that effect, 
provide the Management Company, the Custodian or any Person appointed by the Management Company or 
by the Custodian, as soon as practically possible, with any available information that it may from time to time 
reasonably require in order to:

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
(a) 
enable it to perform its undertakings in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents; and 
(b) 
safeguard and establish the rights of the FCT, 
in relation to the Purchased Receivables and the corresponding Ancillary Rights and Related Security 
(including, but not limited to, the Re-Purchased Receivables, the Defaulted Receivables, the Files, the Eligible 
Dealers, the Dedicated Account, the Transaction Documents, the Seller and the Servicer). 
Monthly File 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement:  
(a) 
the Servicer shall prepare a Monthly File and deliver it to the Management Company on the 15th of 
each month or the next Business Day; and 
(b) 
the Management Company shall use reasonable commercial endeavours (obligation de moyens) to 
ensure that the loan-level data contained in the Monthly File is made available on a monthly basis on 
the website of the European DataWarehouse (or such other replacement website) within one week of 
each Payment Date, for as long as such requirement is effective and to the extent it has such 
information available. For the avoidance of doubt, such website and the contents thereof do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Partial Payment 
If a Dealer owes payment obligations to the Seller or Servicer and to the FCT and if such Dealer makes a 
partial or a general payment to the Servicer on account both of a Purchased Receivable which the FCT has 
purchased and of any other moneies due for any reason to the Seller or Servicer and makes no declaration as 
to the allocation of this payment, the Parties agree, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that the Servicer 
shall allocate such payment in priority to the Purchased Receivables and to treat such amounts as a Collection 
which shall be paid to the FCT in accordance with clause 4 (Collections) of the Servicing Agreement. 
Similarly, if the Servicer enforces the Related Security on behalf of the FCT upon the occurrence of an 
enforcement event with respect to such Dealer, it shall to the extent permitted by applicable law allocate the 
proceeds resulting from such enforcement (net of enforcement costs reasonably incurred) in priority to the 
Purchased Receivables even if such Related Security also secures other obligations of the Dealer towards the 
Seller or the Servicer in accordance with the underlying security arrangement. 
General Duty 
In performing its obligations under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer shall comply with all requirements 
of any applicable law, statutory instrument, regulation, directive, administrative requirement, licence, 
authorisation or order made by any government, supra-national body, state, municipality, district, canton, 
authority, court, tribunal or arbitral body. 
Representations and Warranties of the Servicer 
The Servicer will represent, warrant and undertake, as applicable, to the FCT, the Management Company and 
the Custodian, the matters set out in the Servicing Agreement. 
The Servicer acknowledges and agrees that the representations, warranties and undertakings referred to in 
clause 10(a) of the Servicing Agreement are made or given, as applicable, by the Servicer to allow the FCT, 
the Management Company and the Custodian to enter into the Transaction Documents and that the FCT, the 
Management Company and the Custodian are doing so on the assumption that each of the representations, 
warranties and undertakings referred to in the paragraph above is true, accurate and complete in every material 
respect when rendered or repeated and each of the said undertakings given by the Servicer shall be complied 
with at all relevant times.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
Each representation and warranty listed in the Servicing Agreement shall be: 
(a) 
made on the date of signing of the Servicing Agreement; and 
(b) 
deemed to be repeated on each Business Day, with reference to the facts and circumstances then 
existing. 
Remuneration 
Servicing fee  
In consideration for the services performed by the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement, the FCT shall pay 
to the Servicer, in relation to a Collection Period, a servicing fee which shall include valued added tax (if any) 
and any disbursements whatsoever payable in arrears on the immediately succeeding Payment Date (the 
Servicing Fee) which is equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
in respect of the portfolio management tasks (gestion de créances), 0.14% per annum of the aggregate 
Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables on the first Business Day of such Collection Period 
(after having taken into account the Purchased Receivables purchased on such Business Day, if any); 
and 
(b) 
in respect of the recovery process tasks (recouvrement de créances), 0.20% per annum of the sum of 
(i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables which became Defaulted 
Receivables during such Collection Period and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Purchased 
Receivables which are Defaulted Receivables on the first Business Day of such Collection Period, 
it being agreed that the total fee paid to the Servicer shall not be greater than 0.15% per annum of the aggregate 
Outstanding Balance of the Purchased Receivables on the first Business Day of such Collection Period (after 
having taken into account the Purchased Receivables purchased on such Business Day, if any). It will be 
calculated assuming a Collection Period of 30 days and a year of 360 days. 
The Servicing Fee shall be payable monthly in arrears on each Payment Date, subject to and in accordance 
with the applicable Priority of Payments. It is expressly agreed between the FCT and the Servicer that the 
amount of the Servicing Fee shall not be revised, except if a back-up servicer is appointed in accordance with 
the provisions of the Servicing Agreement. 
Costs and expenses 
The Servicer shall not be entitled to reimbursement by the FCT of any cost, claim, liability or expense incurred 
or suffered by it in the performance of its obligations under the Servicing Agreement. 
Termination of the appointment of the Servicer 
General 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland, in its capacity as Servicer, will 
undertake not to request the termination of the Servicing Agreement, so that the administration, the recovery 
and the collection of the Purchased Receivables can be carried out by the Servicer until the FCT Liquidation 
Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a Seller or Servicer Termination Event which is continuing, the Management Company 
and the Class A Noteholders (with the exception of the Seller or Affiliate of the Seller if such an entity holds 
Class A Notes) shall coordinate to find a substitute servicer. The Management Company shall be entitled to:

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
(a) 
terminate the appointment of the Servicer following the occurrence of such Seller or Servicer 
Termination Event which is continuing, by notifying such termination in writing to the Servicer; and 
(b) 
appoint and activate a substitute servicer (the Substitute Servicer) with the prior agreement of the 
Class A Noteholders (with the exception of the Seller or Affiliate of the Seller if such an entity holds 
Class A Notes) and of the Custodian.  
The termination of the appointment of the Servicer shall occur on the date of the appointment of the Substitute 
Servicer. 
Upon the occurrence of a Seller or Servicer Termination Event, the Management Company may revoke all 
authority and power of the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement with immediate effect which shall 
thereupon cease and be of no other further effect. On or after the termination of the appointment of the 
Substitute Servicer, all authority and power of the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement shall be terminated 
and shall automatically be of no other further effect and the Servicer shall not hold itself out in any way as the 
agent of the FCT.  
Substitute Servicer 
In the event of the termination of the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer will make available to the newly 
appointed Substitute Servicer all the necessary information in the available formats (in particular, to the extent 
permitted under the applicable data protection provisions, the records, the original registration documents 
(Zulassungsbescheinigung II) relating to the Vehicles and information (in contemporary computer-readable 
format) in its possession or under its control relating to the Purchased Receivables (including the Ancillary 
Rights and Related Security)), in order to fully and effectively transfer the servicing, recovery and collection 
functions, and in particular, the continuance of performance of the applicable Priority of Payments and the 
payment of principal and interest to the Class A Noteholders and to the Class B Lender. 
The appointment of a Substitute Servicer shall be effective only if: 
(a) 
the Substitute Servicer is appointed by the Management Company, with the prior consent of the 
Custodian, in accordance with the provisions of Article L.214-172 of the Code, and in particular (but 
not limited to) provided that the Substitute Servicer shall be a credit institution duly licensed under the 
laws and regulations of France or of any other member State of the European Economic Area (Espace 
Economique Européen) or the Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations (which is, to the extent required, 
registered under the German Act on Legal Services (Rechtsdienstleistungsgesetz)) and that each Dealer 
being the debtor of Purchased Receivables shall be notified of such substitution by the Person 
designated by the Management Company for this purpose in the form of the Notification Letter set out 
in the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement; and 
(b) 
such Substitute Servicer shall act as a servicer in respect of the Purchased Receivables, in accordance 
with standard market practices applicable to servicers that are satisfactory to the Class A Noteholders. 
Return of records 
Upon the occurrence of a Seller or Servicer Termination Event, the Servicer shall, at its own cost and expense: 
(a) 
immediately deliver and make available to the Custodian (or any Person appointed by it) the Files 
delivered to it by the Seller (if different from the Servicer) or held by the Servicer in its capacity as 
Seller, all records (including, without limitation, computer records and books of records, relating in 
particular to the Dedicated Account), accounts (including, without limitation, the Files), papers, 
records, registers, computer tapes and discs (and any duplicates thereof), statements, correspondence 
and documents in its possession or under its control relating to the relevant Purchased Receivables and 
any monies and other assets, if any, then held by the Servicer on behalf of the FCT;

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
(b) 
immediately take such further action as the Management Company or the Custodian (or any Person 
appointed by any of them) may reasonably require; and 
(c) 
without limiting the generality of clause 7 (Information) of the Servicing Agreement, permit the 
Management Company or the Custodian (or any Person appointed by any of them) to access and/or to 
use, at all reasonable times during business hours, all information, systems (including, without 
limitation, the electronic systems), procedures (including, without limitation, the Credit and Collection 
Policy), records (including, without limitation, computer records and books of records), accounts 
(including, without limitation, the Dedicated Account) and the Files delivered to it by the Seller 
maintained by it, relating to the Purchased Receivables. 
Fees 
Upon termination of the appointment of the Servicer, the Servicer shall be entitled to receive the part of the 
Servicing Fee referred to in clause 13 (Remuneration) of the Servicing Agreement accrued up to the date of 
such a termination but shall not be entitled to any other or further compensation. Such monies so received by 
the Servicer shall be paid by the FCT on the dates on which they would otherwise have been payable under 
the Servicing Agreement if no termination had occurred, subject always to the provisions of the Servicing 
Agreement and of the other Transaction Documents. 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
The Servicing Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and is governed by French law. 
Any dispute in connection with the Servicing Agreement will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
Commercial Court of Paris (Tribunal de Commerce de Paris). In the event of any dispute which may arise 
between the Management Company and the Custodian in connection with a determination and/or a calculation 
made by the Management Company under the Servicing Agreement, the Management Company and the 
Custodian shall use their best endeavours to settle their dispute on an amicable basis. 
Description of the Data Protection Agreement 
General 
The Seller, the Management Company, the Custodian and the Data Protection Trustee have entered into the 
Data Protection Agreement. The Data Protection Agreement provides for the safe-keeping and delivery by the 
Data Protection Trustee of the Decryption Key, which is needed to decrypt the Personal Data contained in the 
Personal Data File in relation to the Dealers who are debtors of the Purchased Receivables.  
Pursuant to the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, an Offer File specifying the Receivables 
offered by the Seller to the Management Company for purchase and transfer is sent by the Seller to the 
Management Company. The Personal Data relating to the Dealers who are debtors of such offered Receivables 
is included in the related Personal Data File which is also sent by the Seller to the Management Company.  
Encryption of the Personal Data File  
The Personal Data File is in encrypted form and may be decrypted by using the Reading Software together 
with the Decryption Key. The Data Protection Agreement provides that the Reading Software is sent to the 
Management Company and the Data Protection Trustee; the Decryption Key is sent to the Data Protection 
Trustee only. The Reading Software and the Decryption Key are not to be changed unless in exceptional 
circumstances, such as the implementation of a new encryption method (which is to be announced with at least 
one month’s prior notice) in which case the new Reading Software has to be delivered to the Management 
Company and the Data Protection Trustee and, if required, the new Decryption Key to the Data Protection 
Trustee only.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Release of the Decryption Key by the Data Protection Trustee 
Upon the occurrence of a Delivery Event, the Management Company is entitled to request from the Data 
Protection Trustee the delivery of the Decryption Key. The definition of Delivery Event comprises, in 
particular (without limitation), (a) the occurrence of a Seller or Servicer Termination Event, (b) if the 
appointment of the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement has otherwise been terminated or (c) if the 
prosecution of legal remedies through the Servicer to enforce, realise or preserve any or all of the Purchased 
Receivables is detrimental to the FCT and the knowledge of the relevant data at the time of the disclosure is 
necessary for the Management Company to pursue legal remedies with regard to proper legal enforcement, 
realisation or preservation of any Purchased Receivables. In such case, the Data Protection Trustee is required 
to deliver the Decryption Key to a recipient designated by the Management Company which may include the 
Custodian, a Back-Up Servicer (which is a credit institution licensed in the European Union) or the 
Management Company itself. The Data Protection Trustee is neither entitled nor obliged to verify whether a 
Delivery Event has occurred or whether the recipient specified by the Management Company complies with 
the requirements set out in the Data Protection Agreement, but is required to comply with the Management 
Company’s request and deliver the Decryption Key to the recipient indicated by the Management Company.  
Certain other Delivery Events include the resignation of the Data Protection Trustee (in which case the 
Decryption Key is to be delivered to the new Data Protection Trustee), the unwinding of the transaction (in 
which case the Decryption Key is to be delivered to the Seller) and a court or governmental order (in which 
case the Decryption Key is to be delivered as ordered by the competent court or governmental body).  
Decryption Test 
Upon reasonable request by the Management Company and following a change of the Reading Software as 
indicated in paragraph entitled "Encryption of the Personal Data File" above, the Data Protection Trustee is 
required to perform a consistency test in order to verify the suitability of the Decryption Key for the decryption 
of the Personal Data File. Following the performance of such test, the Data Protection Trustee is required to 
send a consistency test report to the Management Company. 
Resignation of the Data Protection Trustee 
The Data Protection Trustee may resign from its office for good cause (aus wichtigem Grund) or its 
appointment may be terminated by the Management Company, provided that certain requirements have been 
met, essentially, that a new Data Protection Trustee which is a reputable accounting firm or credit institution 
in the European Union or a notary with an office in Germany has been appointed as new Data Protection 
Trustee with the consent of the Management Company and the Seller (which must not be unreasonably 
withheld and which is deemed to be given if, following a request by the Management Company, the Seller 
does not refuse its consent within 5 (five) Business Days). 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Data Protection Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Germany. 
Any non-contractual rights arising out of or in connection with the Data Protection Agreement shall also be 
governed by the laws of Germany. 
The competent courts in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, shall have the non-exclusive jurisdiction (nicht-
ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand) over any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Data Protection 
Agreement. 
Description of the Dedicated Account Agreement 
The Servicer, the Management Company and the Custodian have entered into the Dedicated Account 
Agreement with the Dedicated Account Bank, in respect of the Dedicated Account. Pursuant to the Dedicated 
Account Agreement, the Dedicated Account is subject to a dedicated account mechanism as contemplated in

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Articles L. 214-173 and D. 214-228 of the Code, pursuant to which, inter alia, the Servicer and the Servicer's 
creditors, administrator, liquidator or other similar organ, have no right over the Collections credited to the 
Dedicated Account. Only the FCT has ownership rights over such sums. 
Termination of the appointment of the Dedicated Account Bank 
If, during the Revolving Period, the Dedicated Account Bank ceases to have the Dedicated Account Bank 
Required Ratings, the Required Credit Enhancement Percentage will increase to absorb the additional 
commingling risk, unless the Dedicated Account Bank is replaced by an Eligible Bank having at least the 
Dedicated Account Bank Required Ratings. 
If, after the end of the Revolving Period, the Dedicated Account Bank ceases to have the Dedicated Account 
Bank Required Ratings, the Servicer shall replace the Dedicated Account Bank within 60 calendar days from 
the downgrade and the Dedicated Account Agreement shall not be terminated without a new Dedicated 
Account Bank being appointed. 
In each case, the costs for the replacement of the Dedicated Account Bank will be borne by the Servicer. 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
The Dedicated Account Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and is governed by French law. 
Any dispute in connection with the Dedicated Account Agreement will be submitted to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Commercial Court of Paris (Tribunal de Commerce de Paris). In the event of any dispute 
which may arise between the Management Company and the Custodian in connection with a determination 
and/or a calculation made by the Management Company under the Dedicated Account Agreement, the 
Management Company and the Custodian shall use their best endeavours to settle their dispute on an amicable 
basis.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
THE CLASS B LOAN 
The Class B Loan Facility 
Subject to the terms of the Class B Loan Agreement, the Class B Lender makes available to the FCT a euro 
revolving loan facility in an aggregate amount equal to the Class B Commitment.  
On any Utilisation Date, the amounts borrowed under the Class B Facility shall be used to fund the Purchase 
Price of the Receivables purchased on the Payment Date corresponding to such Utilisation Date and/or to 
redeem the Class B Loan the Expected Maturity Date of which falls on or before such Utilisation Date and/or 
to reimburse the Series of Class A Notes previously issued by the FCT with an Expected Maturity Date falling 
on such Issue Date. 
The Class B Lender is not bound to monitor or verify the application of any amount borrowed pursuant to the 
Class B Loan Agreement. 
Conditions of Utilisation 
The Class B Lender shall only be obliged to make funds available under the Class B Facility on the Closing 
Date if the conditions precedent set out in the Class B Loan Agreement have been fulfilled by no later than on 
the Closing Date. 
The utilisation of a new Class B Loan on a Utilisation Date is subject to the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out in the Class B Loan Agreement.  
Utilisation 
Delivery of a Utilisation Request 
The Management Company (on behalf of the FCT) must utilise a Class B Loan by delivery to the Class B 
Lender (with copy to the Custodian) of a duly completed Utilisation Request on the Calculation Date preceding 
the relevant Utilisation Date.  
Completion of a Utilisation Request 
A Utilisation Request for a Class B Loan is irrevocable and will not be regarded as having been duly completed 
unless: 
(a) 
the proposed Utilisation Date is a Payment Date within the Revolving Period; and 
(b) 
the amount of the Class B Loan is equal to the Class B Loan Utilisation Amount as of such Utilisation 
Date (after giving effect to any redemptions of the existing Class B Loan on such date).  
Advance of Class B Loan 
(a) 
The Class B Lender must make a requested Class B Loan available on the Utilisation Date to the FCT 
by paying the relevant amount by way of wire transfer to the General Account by no later than the 
same Utilisation Date, subject to paragraph (b) below.  
(b) 
On the Closing Date, the amount due by the Class B Lender shall be set off (compensation 
conventionnelle) against the amounts due by the FCT in accordance with and subject to the provisions 
of clause 3 of the Master Definitions Agreement. The amount due by the Class B Lender with respect 
to any Class B Loan Utilisation Amount on each Payment Date in relation to any new Class B Loan 
shall be set off (compensation conventionnelle) against the principal redemption amount payable by 
the FCT to the Class B Lender to redeem the Class B Loan made available on the previous Utilisation 
Date or on the Closing Date for the first Payment Date.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
(c) 
The Class B Lender is not obliged to make a Class B Loan if, as a result, the Class B Loan would 
exceed the Class B Commitment.  
(d) 
Any Class B Loan repaid under the Class B Loan Agreement may be re-borrowed on the terms of the 
Class B Loan Agreement. 
Repayment 
On each Payment Date, the outstanding Class B Loan the Expected Maturity Date of which falls on such 
Payment Date will be repaid in full by the FCT as follows:  
(a) 
first, during the Revolving Period only, outside of any Priority of Payments, by way of set- off against 
the Class B Loan Utilisation Amount on such Payment Date in accordance with the provisions of the 
Class B Loan Agreement; and 
(b) 
second, if the Class B Loan Utilisation Amount (if any) on such Payment Date is not sufficient, through 
the application of the Available Distribution Amount in accordance with and subject to the applicable 
Priority of Payments. 
Prepayment 
Illegality 
(a) 
If, in any applicable jurisdiction, it becomes unlawful for the Class B Lender to perform any of its 
obligations as contemplated by the Class B Loan Agreement or to fund or maintain the Class B Loan, 
the Class B Lender must notify the Management Company and the Custodian promptly on becoming 
aware of that event.  
(b) 
After the Class B Lender notified the FCT under paragraph (a) above:  
(i) 
with immediate effect, the Class B Lender will not be obliged to fund any Class B Loan; and  
(ii) 
on the date specified in paragraph (c) below:  
(A) 
the FCT must repay or prepay the outstanding Class B Loan in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments; and  
(B) 
the Class B Commitment will be cancelled.  
(c) 
The date for:  
(i) 
repayment or prepayment of a Class B Loan and cancellation of the corresponding Class B 
Commitment will be:  
(A) 
the last day of the Interest Period of that Class B Loan (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, will be a Payment Date); or 
(B) 
if earlier, the date specified in that notice (which must be no earlier than the last day 
of any applicable grace period permitted by law); and 
(ii) 
cancellation of the other Class B Commitment will be the date specified in the Class B 
Lender's notice to the Management Company and the Custodian (which must be no earlier 
than the last day of any applicable grace period permitted by law).

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
Miscellaneous 
(a) 
Any notice of cancellation or prepayment under the Class B Loan Agreement: 
(i) 
is irrevocable; and 
(ii) 
unless a contrary indication appears in the Class B Loan Agreement, must specify: 
(A) 
the date on which the relevant cancellation or prepayment is to be made; and 
(B) 
the amount of that cancellation or prepayment. 
(b) 
Any prepayment under the Class B Loan Agreement must be made together with accrued interest on 
the amount prepaid and without premium or penalty. 
(c) 
No prepayment or cancellation is allowed except at the times and in the manner expressly provided 
for in the Class B Loan Agreement. 
(d) 
No amount of the Class B Commitments cancelled under the Class B Loan Agreement may be 
subsequently reinstated. 
(e) 
If all or part of a Class B Loan is repaid or prepaid and is not available for re-borrowing, an equivalent 
amount of the Class B Commitment will be deemed to be cancelled on the date of repayment or 
prepayment 
Interest 
Period of Accrual and Interest Periods 
(a) 
Each Class B Loan shall bear interest on its Principal Outstanding Amount from (and including) the 
Closing Date, to (but excluding) the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which its Principal Outstanding Amount is reduced to zero; or 
(ii) 
the Legal Final Maturity Date, 
and shall accrue interest on its Principal Outstanding Amount at the Class B Loan Interest Rate as 
calculated in accordance with clause 5.2 (Calculation of interest) of the Class B Loan Agreement, for 
an Interest Period. 
(b) 
Each period for which a Class B Loan is outstanding shall be divided into successive periods, of which 
(other than the first, which shall begin on (but exclude) the Closing Date and end on (and include) the 
first Payment Date) shall begin on (but exclude) a Payment Date and end on (and include) the next 
following Payment Date (each an Interest Period). 
Payment of interest 
On each Payment Date, the FCT shall pay accrued interest on the outstanding Class B Loan in accordance with 
the applicable Priority of Payments. 
Calculation of interest 
(a) 
The rate of interest applicable to each Class B Loan (and any interest capitalised) from time to time 
during an Interest Period shall be the Class B Loan Interest Rate.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
(b) 
On each Calculation Date, the Management Company (or any of its lawful agent on its behalf) 
calculates, in respect of the outstanding Class B Loan, the applicable Class B Loan Interest Amount 
payable to the Class B Lender on the immediately following Payment Date as determined below. 
(c) 
The applicable Class B Loan Interest Amount is equal to: 
(i) 
the product of the Class B Loan Interest Rate by the relevant Principal Outstanding Amount 
of a Class B Loan as of the immediately preceding Payment Date; 
(ii) 
multiplied by the actual number of calendar days of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(iii) 
divided by three hundred sixty five (365) (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365), 
the result being rounded down to the nearest Euro cent. 
Interest on overdue amounts 
Interest (if unpaid) on an overdue amount due by the FCT will be compounded with that overdue amount only 
if, in accordance with Article 1343-2 of the French Civil Code, that interest is due for a period of at least one 
year, but remains immediately due and payable. 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
The Class B Loan Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and is governed by French law. 
Any dispute in connection with the Class B Loan Agreement will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
the Commercial Court of Paris (Tribunal de Commerce de Paris). In the event of any dispute which may arise 
between the Management Company and the Custodian in connection with a determination and/or a calculation 
made by the Management Company under the Class B Loan Agreement, the Management Company and the 
Custodian shall use their best endeavours to settle their dispute on an amicable basis.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
CREDIT AND LIQUIDITY STRUCTURE 
Representations and Warranties Related to the Receivables 
In accordance with the provisions of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Seller gives certain 
representations and warranties relating to the transfer of Receivables to the FCT, including as to the compliance 
of the Purchased Receivables with the Eligibility Criteria. Without prejudice to such representations and 
warranties, the Seller does not guarantee the solvency of the Dealers or the effectiveness of the related 
Ancillary Rights (see the section entitled "The Receivables"). 
Credit Enhancement 
The credit enhancement for the Class A Notes is provided by (a) the excess spread generated by the Transfer 
Fee, (b) the funds standing to the credit of the General Reserve and (c) the subordination of any payment due 
in respect of the Class B Loan and the Residual Units.  
In the event that the credit protection provided by the General Reserve Account is reduced to zero and the 
protection provided by the subordination of the Class B Loan is reduced to zero, the Class A Noteholders will 
directly bear the risk of first loss of principal and interest related to the Purchased Receivables.  
General Reserve 
The FCT has established the General Reserve Account. 
For the purpose of this section: 
Financial Obligations means all present and future payment obligations of the Seller towards the FCT under 
clause 18 (Recourse against non-payment under the Purchased Receivables) of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
General Reserve Decrease Amount means an amount equal to positive difference, if any, between: 
(a) 
the credit balance of the General Reserve Account on such Payment Date before the transfer referred 
to in clause 4(b)(i) of the General Reserve Agreement; and 
(b) 
the Required General Reserve Amount on such Payment Date. 
General Reserve Increase Amount means, on each Payment Date, an amount equal to positive difference, if 
any, between: 
(a) 
the Required General Reserve Amount on such Payment Date; 
(b) 
the credit balance of the General Reserve Account on such Payment Date before the transfer to be 
made on such date referred to in clause 2 (The Required General Reserve Amount) of the General 
Reserve Agreement. 
Required General Reserve Amount means an amount being equal to:  
(a) 
on the Payment Date falling in August 2022, €10,800,000 (ten million eight hundred thousands euros);  
(b) 
on any Payment Date falling during the Revolving Period, an amount equal to 2.0% of the Class A 
Notes Target Amount; and 
(c) 
on each Payment Date thereafter:

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
(i) 
as long as the Pool Balance is greater than zero and amounts standing to the credit of the 
General Reserve Account at the end of the preceding Collection Period are not sufficient to 
redeem the Class A Notes in full, the greater between (A) 2.0% of the aggregate Principal 
Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes on the such Payment Date and (B) EUR 2,000,000; 
and 
(ii) 
otherwise, zero. 
The Required General Reserve Amount 
Pursuant to the provisions of the General Reserve Agreement, as security for the performance of its Financial 
Obligations the Seller has undertaken to transfer by way of full transfer of title (remise en pleine propriété) to 
the FCT, pursuant to Articles L. 211-36 2° and L. 211-38 of the Code, by crediting the General Reserve 
Account, the Required General Reserve Amount. 
Rights of the parties to the General Reserve Agreement 
The FCT, as owner of the sums deposited under the General Reserve Agreement, shall have the ownership 
right (droit de propriété) over such sums from the date of their crediting on the General Reserve Account. The 
Seller shall not be entitled, at any time, to withdraw any sum from the General Reserve Account or to set off 
the sums credited on the General Reserve Account against any amount whatsoever due to it by the FCT, for 
any reason whatsoever. 
The remittance of the Required General Reserve Amount by the Seller shall not discharge the Financial 
Obligations of the Seller or any of its obligations towards the FCT under the Transaction Documents. 
The FCT shall be entitled to enforce its rights under the General Reserve Agreement without any obligation 
first to exercise any other remedies or claims which it may have, or to enforce any security interest or 
guarantees that it might hold. 
Use and Enforcement of the Required General Reserve Amount 
(a) 
On the Closing Date, the General Reserve shall be funded by the Seller up to the Required General 
Reserve Amount determined on such date. 
(b) 
Subject to paragraph (d) below, the parties hereto acknowledge that the Required General Reserve 
Amount shall be used as follows by the FCT, and that the General Reserve Account shall be debited 
and credited as follows on each relevant Payment Date: 
(i) 
on each Payment Date, the Management Company shall give to the FCT Account Bank the 
relevant instructions to debit in full the General Reserve Account for transfer into the General 
Account;  
(ii) 
on each Payment Date, the Management Company shall give to the FCT Account Bank the 
relevant instructions to credit the General Reserve Account up to the Required General 
Reserve Amount, by application of the Available Distribution Amount in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments. 
(c) 
On each Payment Date, any General Reserve Decrease Amount will be paid to the Seller by application 
of the Available Distribution Amount in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
(d) 
The parties to the General Reserve Agreement have agreed that in case the application of the relevant 
Priority of Payments would lead to a debit of the General Reserve Account and a subsequent credit of 
the General Reserve Account in relation to the same Payment Date, only the net amount to be used in

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
the relevant Priority of Payments will be effectively debited from the General Reserve Account for 
transfer into the General Account. 
(e) 
By no later than 10.00 am on any Payment Date comprised in the Revolving Period, if the General 
Reserve Estimated Balance on the immediately preceding Calculation Date is under the Required 
General Reserve Amount and the Seller has received, in accordance with the General Reserve Deposit 
Agreement, a notification from the Management Company to that effect, the Seller shall be entitled to 
credit the General Reserve Account by making a deposit in an amount to the General Reserve Increase 
Amount. 
(f) 
On any Payment Date, the Management Company (acting on behalf of the FCT) shall be entitled in 
accordance with Articles L. 211-36 2° and L. 211-38 of the Code to set off, on such Payment Date, 
the FCT's claim under the Financial Obligations against the Seller's claim under the General Reserve 
Agreement to recover the Required General Reserve Amount up to an amount of the lesser of those 
two claims. 
(g) 
Any amount funded into the General Reserve Account by the Seller will be construed as a cash 
collateral (gage espèces) for the repayment of any sums due and remaining unpaid under the Class A 
Notes until the Legal Final Maturity Date. 
Eligible Investments 
The sums deposited on the General Reserve Account shall be invested by the FCT Cash Manager, upon 
instructions received from the Management Company (and under the supervision of the Custodian), in Eligible 
Investments in accordance with the provisions of the FCT Account and Cash Management Agreement. 
On the Business Day preceding each Payment Date, the FCT Cash Manager shall transfer into the General 
Account the income generated from time to time by the investment of the sum standing from time to time at 
the credit of inter alia the General Reserve Account in Eligible Investments, upon the maturity of such Eligible 
Investments. 
Release 
Pursuant to the provisions of the FCT Regulations and subject to the relevant Priority of Payments, on each 
Payment Date the Management Company shall give to the FCT Account Bank the relevant instructions to 
retransfer to the Seller a part of the Required General Reserve Amount in an amount equal to the lesser of: 
(a) 
the General Reserve Decrease Amount; and 
(b) 
the credit balance of the General Account after making the payments ranking, in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments, above such retransfer to the Seller. 
On the FCT Liquidation Date, the Management Company shall give to the FCT Account Bank the relevant 
instructions to retransfer to the Seller the residual credit balance of the General Reserve Account, if any, in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments and provided that all of the Class A Notes, the Class B Loan 
and Residual Units have been repaid in full. Such transfer shall constitute full and definitive discharge of the 
obligation of the FCT to refund the Required General Reserve Amount back to the Seller. 
Global Level of Credit Enhancement 
On the 2022 Closing Date, the Class B Loan and the General Reserve Account are expected to provide the 
Class A Noteholders with total credit enhancement equal to 21.50% (2.00% with respect to the General 
Reserve Account and 19.50% with respect to the Class B Loan) of the initial aggregate principal amounts of 
the Class A Notes and the Class B Loan.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
DESCRIPTION OF RCI BANQUE 
Introduction 
RCI Banque is the holding of an international group of companies (the RCI Banque Group), principally 
involved in automobile financing and related services. It is a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of 
France, whose registered office is at 15, rue d’Uzès, 75002 Paris (France), registered with the Trade and 
Companies Register of Paris under number 306 523 358, and is licensed as a credit institution (établissement 
de crédit) in France by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution. RCI Banque is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Renault S.A.S. 
Renault was privatised on 15 July 1996. The French State owns 15.0% of Renault shares at year end 2013. In 
1999, Renault acquired a 36.8% interest in Nissan and the RCI Banque Group acquired 100% of the European 
finance subsidiaries of Nissan in 5 countries (Germany, the United Kingdom, Italy, Spain and the Netherlands). 
As of today, Renault owns 44% of Nissan. 
In 2022, RCI Bank and Services becomes Mobilize Financial Services. RCI Banque is adopting a new business 
identity by becoming Mobilize Financial Services. Its corporate name, however, remains unchanged and is 
still RCI Banque. 
Mobilize Financial Services offers financial solutions and services to facilitate access to automotive mobility 
for Alliance customers1. By taking into account the specificities of each brand and anticipating the new needs 
and uses of their customers, Mobilize Financial Services supports their commercial policies to win over and 
retain new customers. 
Mobilize Financial Services is at the crossroads of three worlds: the automotive industry through its history, 
banking through its business and services through its offers. On a daily basis in 36 countries around the world, 
Mobilize Financial Services supports the development of the Alliance brands and their dealer networks by 
offering a complete range of financing solutions, insurance and services to their customers. 
Tailor made offers for each type of customer 
For retail customers, we offer financing solutions and services adapted to their projects and their uses in order 
to facilitate, support and enrich their experience, throughout their automotive mobility journey. Our solutions 
and services apply to both new and used vehicles. 
For professional customers, we provide a wide range of mobility solutions to free them from the constraints of 
managing their vehicle fleet and allow them to focus on their core business. 
We provide active support to the Alliance brand dealer networks by financing inventories (of new vehicles, 
used vehicles and spare parts), as well as short-term cash flow requirements.  
The savings bank business, a pillar of the company’s refinancing 
Launched in 2012, the savings business is present in six markets: France, Germany, Austria, the United 
Kingdom, Brazil and, since November 2020, in Spain. The collection of deposits is a lever for diversifying the 
refinancing sources of the group’s business. The amounts collected totaled €21 billion, i.e. around 47% of net 
assets at the end of December 20212. 
More than 3,800 employees working in four regions 
Our employees operate in 36 countries, spread across four major regions of the world: Europe; Americas; 
                                                     
 
1 Mobilize Financial Services supports Groupe Renault brands (Renault, Dacia, Alpine, Renault Samsung Motors, Lada) worldwide, the Nissan Group 
(Nissan, Infiniti, Datsun) mainly in Europe, Brazil, Argentina, South Korea and in the form of joint ventures in Russia and India, and Mitsubishi 
Motors in the Netherlands. 
2 Net assets at year-end: net total outstandings + operating lease transactions net of depreciation, amortization and provisions.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
Africa - Middle East - India and the Pacific3; Eurasia. 
 
RCI BANQUE GERMAN BRANCH OVERVIEW 
RCI Banque S.A. Niederlassung Deutschland is the German branch of RCI Banque dedicated to customer and 
dealer financing activities and services (including deposit business) in Germany. 
 
HISTORY 
 
1947: Foundation of Saar-Credit-GmbH as origin of RCI Banque in Germany 1977: Establishment of Renault 
Leasing 
1982: Merger of Renault Leasing and Renault Credit Bank 1988: Establishment of Nissan Bank 
1989: Establishment of Nissan Leasing 1990: New foundation of Renault Leasing 
1997: Establishment of the branch Renault Bank Niederlassung der Renault Crédit International S. A. Banque 
2000: Merger of the Renault Bank and Nissan Bank 
2001: Change of Name to RCI Banque S.A. Niederlassung Deutschland; merger of Renault Leasing and Nissan 
Leasing 
2009: RCI Leasing was absorbed by RCI Banque S.A. 
2013: Introduction of Deposit business (Renault Bank direkt) 
2016: Introduction of the new business division INFINITI Financial Services which ends in 2020 2018: Start 
of financial services for ALPINE Brand 
 
 
LEGAL STRUCTURE 
 
 
KEY FIGURES AS AT END OF 2021 
RCI Banque German Branch finances 47.5% of the Renault-Nissan group brand sales in Germany (vs. 47.2% 
as at the end of 2020) including Renault, Dacia, Alpine, Nissan and Infiniti. 
The new financings of RCI Banque German Branch amounted to €2.3bn in 2021 (vs. €2.6bn in 2020). 
 
Total portfolio was €7.7bn of which: 
o 
€6.7bn for customer financing; and 
o 
€1.0bn for dealer financing. 
                                                     
 
3 1 Change in the regional organization of Groupe Renault with effect from 1 May 2019: the creation of the new “Africa - Middle-East - India and 
Pacific” region is reflected in the RCI scope by the grouping of the former “Africa - Middle-East - India” and “Asia-Pacific” regions and now include 
Algeria, Morocco, India and South Korea. 
RCI Banque 
RCI Banque 
Niederlassung Deutschland 
Business Divisions 
Renault Bank 
Renault Leasing 
Nissan Bank 
Nissan Leasing 
Renault Bank direkt 
RCI Versicherungs-Service GmbH 
Business Divisions 
Renault Versicherungs-Service 
Nissan Versicherungs-Service 
100%

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
As at end of 2021, outstanding related to savings accounts and term deposits business respectively 
amounted to €10.6bn and €3.7bn 
Additional information on Mobilize Financial Services and RCI Banque German Branch is available on 
www.mobilize-fs.com.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
TAXATION 
The following is an overview of certain French withholding tax considerations relating to the holding of the 
Class A Programme Notes. This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus 
and is subject to any change in law that may take effect in France after such date. It does not purport to be a 
complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Class A Programme Notes, whether in France or 
elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of the Class A Programme Notes should consult their own tax advisers as 
to which countries tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Class A Programme 
Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Class A Programme Notes 
and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. Persons who are in any doubt as 
to their tax position should consult a professional tax adviser.  
Payments of interest and other revenues made by the FCT with respect to Class A Notes will not be subject to 
the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the Tax Code unless such payments are made outside 
France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of Article 
238-0 A of the Tax Code (a Non-Cooperative State) other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of the same 
Article 238-0 A. If such payments under the Class A Notes are made outside France in a Non-Cooperative 
State, other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French tax code, a 75% withholding 
tax will be applicable (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an applicable 
double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the Tax Code.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 75% withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the Tax Code will 
not apply in respect of an issue of Class A Notes if the FCT can prove that the principal purpose and effect of 
such issue of Class A Notes was not that of allowing the payments of interest and other revenues to be made 
in a Non-Cooperative State (the Exception). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques – Impôts 
BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30, an issue of Class A Notes will benefit from the Exception without the FCT having to 
provide any proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of Class A Notes, if such Class A Notes are: 
(a) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French monetary and 
financial code for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory or pursuant to an equivalent 
offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an "equivalent offer" means any 
offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities 
market authority; and/or 
(b) 
admitted to trading on French or foreign a regulated market or on a multilateral securities trading 
system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the 
operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider, or by 
such other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services 
provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; and/or 
(c) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities and 
delivery and payments systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the Code, or of one 
or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or operator is not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State.  
Besides, pursuant to Article 125 A I of the Tax Code, where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is 
established in France and subject to certain exceptions, interest and similar income received by individuals 
who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8% withholding tax, which is 
deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been made. 
If the amount of this withholding tax exceeds the amount of personal income tax due, the excess is refundable. 
Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and other solidarity levy) are also levied by way of withholding tax at an 
aggregate rate of 15.5% on such interest and similar income received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled 
(domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject ot certain exceptions.

--- Page 160 ---
160

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is a form of Final Terms that will be completed for the issue of the Series of Class A20xx-y Notes 
issued by the FCT in accordance with the provisions of the FCT Regulations and the Base Prospectus. 
Cars Alliance DFP Germany 2017 
Fonds commun de titrisation 
(Articles L. 214-167 to L. 214-190 and R. 214-217 to D. 214-240 of the Code) 
Class A Notes Issuance Programme 
Final Terms 
 
€ Class A Notes due [to be completed] 
Issue price: 100% 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Class A20xx-y Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8.5 of the Prospectus Regulation (as amended) and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the FCT and the offer of the Class A20xx-y Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at the 
office of Paying Agent and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
These final terms (the Final Terms) under which the Class A20xx-y Notes described herein (the Class A20xx-y 
Notes) are issued should be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [●] issued in relation to the 
Class A Notes issuance programme of the Cars Alliance DFP Germany 2017 (the Base Prospectus). Terms 
defined in the Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in these Final Terms. The Class A20xx-y Notes will 
be issued on the terms of these Final Terms and according to the terms and conditions of the Base Prospectus.  
The date of these Final Terms is [to be completed].

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE CLASS A20xx-y NOTES:  
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
Series Number: 
[to be completed] 
2. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[to be completed] 
3. 
Net proceeds: 
[to be completed] 
4. 
Issue Date: 
[to be completed] 
5. 
Expected Maturity Date: 
[to be completed] 
6. 
Interest margin: 
[to be completed] 
7. 
Estimated total expenses relating 
to the admission to trading of the 
Class A Notes: 
€ [to be completed] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE CLASS A20xx-y NOTES 
8. 
Sicovam number: 
[to be completed] 
9. 
Common Code: 
[to be completed] 
10. 
ISIN: 
[to be completed] 
11. 
Acquisition 
of 
Eligible 
Receivables, the characteristics of 
which on the applicable Transfer 
Date are detailed below: 
 
11.1 
Relevant Purchase Date(s): 
[to be completed] 
11.2 
Receivables Purchase Price: 
[to be completed] 
11.3 
Transfer Fee: 
[to be completed]  
11.4 
[To be completed] 
[to be completed]  
12. 
Repayment of Notes: 
[not applicable]

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
Made in [To be completed]], the [To be completed] 
 
EXECUTED in [To be completed], on [To be completed] 
 
 
 
 __________________________________________  
PARIS TITRISATION 
(as Management Company) 
By: [To be completed]

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subscription 
RCI Banque as Class A Notes Subscriber and the Management Company have entered into the Class A Notes 
Subscription Agreement, pursuant to which, subject to the terms therein, RCI Banque has agreed to subscribe 
at par for the Class A Programme Notes. 
The Class A Programme Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither the Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering material or advertisement in connection with the Class A Programme Notes 
may be distributed or published, in or from any country or jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable rules and regulations of any such country or jurisdiction. 
Selling and Transfer Restrictions 
General Restrictions  
Other than the approval of the Base Prospectus as a prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier, no action has been taken to permit a public offering of the Class A Programme Notes or the 
distribution of the Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Except in the 
case of the private placement of the Class A Programme Notes with qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) 
as defined in, and in accordance with, Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and Articles L.411-1 and L. 
411-2 of the Code, and except for an application for listing of the Class A Programme Notes on the Stock 
Exchange, no action has been or will be taken by the Management Company that would, or would be intended 
to, permit a public offering of the Class A Programme Notes in any country or any jurisdiction where listing 
is subject to prior application. Accordingly, the Class A Programme Notes may not be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering material or advertisement in connection 
with the Class A Programme Notes may be distributed or published in or from any such country or jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable rules and regulations of any such 
country or jurisdiction. 
The Class A Programme Notes sold on the 2022 Closing Date may not be purchased by, or for the account or 
benefit of, Risk Retention U.S. Persons. Prospective investors should note that, although the definition of "U.S. 
persons" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is very similar to the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S, 
the definitions are not identical and that persons who are not "U.S. Persons" under Regulation S may be "U.S. 
Persons" under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. Each purchaser of Class A Programme Notes, including 
beneficial interests therein, will, by its acquisition of a Class A Programme Note or of a beneficial interest 
therein, be deemed to have made certain representations and agreements, including that it (1) is not a Risk 
Retention U.S. Person, (2) is acquiring such Class A Programme Note or a beneficial interest therein for its 
own account and not with a view to distribute such Class A Programme Note; and (3) is not acquiring such 
Note or a beneficial interest therein as part of a scheme to evade the requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules. 
Pursuant to the Class A Notes Subscription Agreement, the Class A Notes Subscriber has undertaken that it 
will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Class A Programme Notes or have in its possession, distribute 
or publish any prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other document or information in respect of 
the Class A Programme Notes in any country or jurisdiction except under circumstances that will, to the best 
of its knowledge and belief, result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and all offers and 
sales of Class A Programme Notes by it will be made on the same terms. 
The Class A Notes Subscriber has also agreed that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission which is, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, required for the offer, purchase or sale by it of the Class A Programme 
Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes 
such offers, purchases or sales and it will, to the best of its knowledge and belief, comply with all such laws 
and regulations.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Class A Notes Subscriber had represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Class A Programme Notes to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For the purposes of these provisions: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of (EU) Directive 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Class A Programme Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Class A Programme Notes. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Class A Programme Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a Relevant Member State), each of 
the FCT and the Class A Notes Subscriber has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further subscriber 
of Class A Programme Notes appointed under the Transaction will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of the Class A Programme Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public 
in that Relevant Member State except that it may make an offer of such Class A Programme Notes to the public 
in that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant dealer or dealers 
nominated as the case may be by the FCT for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of the Class A Programme Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall 
require the FCT or any dealer nominated as the case may be by the FCT to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement the Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of the Class A Programme Notes to the public in relation to any Class A 
Programme Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Class A Programme Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Class A Programme Notes; 
and

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
France 
In connection with the initial distribution of the Class A Programme Notes, the Class A Notes Subscriber has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further subscriber of Class A Programme Notes appointed under 
the Transaction will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not 
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Class A Programme Notes in the Republic of France, and has not 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed in the Republic of France the Base Prospectus or 
any other offering material relating to the Class A Programme Notes, except to qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in, and in accordance with, Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and 
Articles L.411-1 and L.411-2 of the Code. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
The Class A Notes Subscriber had represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Class A Programme Notes to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Class A 
Programme Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Class A Programme Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.Each of the FCT and the Class A Notes 
Subscriber has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further subscriber of Class A Programme Notes 
appointed under the Transaction will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of the Class A Programme Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Class A Programme Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the FCT for any such offer; or

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (FSMA), 
provided that no such offer of the Class A Programme Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall 
require the FCT or any dealer nominated as the case may be by the FCT to publish a prospectus pursuant to to 
section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
The FCT has represented and agreed that:  
(a) 
in relation to any Class A Programme Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a Person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer 
or sell any Class A Programme Notes other than to Persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Class A Programme 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the FCT;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Class A Programme 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the FCT; and  
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Class A Programme Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
United States  
Selling Restrictions – Non-U.S. Distributions 
The Class A Programme Notes and the Residual Units have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or the securities laws or “blue sky” laws of any state or any other relevant jurisdiction of the 
United States and therefore may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state or local securities 
laws. Accordingly, the Class A Programme Notes are being offered and sold in offshore transactions in reliance 
on Regulation S.  
The Class A Notes Subscriber has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered 
the Class A Programme Notes and the Residual Units, and will not offer and sell the Class A Programme Notes 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time and (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the 2022 Closing Date (or such other date on which the Class A Programme 
Notes are issued) (the Distribution Compliance Period) within the United States or to, or for the account or

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
benefit of, U.S. persons and it will have sent to each affiliate or other dealer (if any) to which it sells Class A 
Programme Notes or Residual Units during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice 
to substantially the following effect: 
"The securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903 (b)(2)(iii) (x) as part of their distribution at any time or 
(y) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days after the completion of the distribution of securities as determined 
and certified by the FCT, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms 
used above have the meaning given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act." 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Class A 
Programme Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act. 
Any person who subscribes or acquires Rated Notes will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, 
by accepting delivery of the Prospectus or delivery of the Rated Notes, that it is subscribing or acquiring the 
Rated Notes in compliance with Rule 903 of Regulation S in an “offshore transaction” or pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in the paragraphs above have the meaning given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person. 
Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or 
to any other person within the United States, other than those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-
U.S. person with respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the 
FCT of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, other than those 
persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person, is prohibited.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 
Securitisation Regulation Retention requirements  
Pursuant to the Master Definitions and Framework Agreement, the Class A Notes Subscription Agreement 
and the Class B Loan Agreement, the Seller as originator has covenanted to the FCT that it will retain a material 
net economic interest of not less than 5% in the securitisation as required by Article 6(1) of the Securitisation 
Regulation in accordance with Article 6(3)(d) of the Securitisation Regulation (which, in each case, does not 
take into account any corresponding national measures).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, such interest will be materialised by the Seller’s full ownership of the 
Class B Loan outstanding on this date and representing more than 5% of aggregate of the Class A Notes and 
the Class B Loan. Any change to the manner in which such interest is held will be notified to Class A 
Noteholders and the Class B Lender.  
The Seller has also undertaken (i) to make available to the FCT any Class B Loan which will be requested by 
the FCT on any Utilisation Date; (ii) to retain (and, inter alia, not to sell or transfer) on an ongoing basis its 
participation in the outstanding Class B Loans until the full amortisation of all the Class A Notes; and (iii) not 
to benefit from a guarantee or otherwise hedge the outstanding Class B Loan until the full amortisation of all 
the Class A Notes. 
The Seller shall not change the manner in which it retains such material net economic interest, except to the 
extent permitted by Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation and any change to the manner in which such 
interest is held will be notified to Class A Noteholders and the Residual Unitholders. 
The Seller has further agreed to comply with the disclosure obligations set out in Article 6 of the Securitisation 
Regulation and, subject to any applicable duties of confidentiality and to the availability of the relevant 
information to the Seller, to take such further reasonable action, provide such information (including 
confirmation of its compliance with its undertaking to comply with Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation 
as set out above) and enter into such other agreements as may reasonably be required to satisfy the requirements 
of Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation. 
Information and disclosure requirements 
Responsibility and delegation 
For the purposes of Article 7(2) of the Securitisation Regulation, the Management Company has been 
designated as the Reporting Entity and, as the Reporting Entity, it will fulfil the requirements of Article 7 of 
the Securitisation Regulation either itself or shall procure that such requirements are fulfilled on its behalf. For 
further information please refer to the Section entitled "General Information" on page 177. 
The above shall be without prejudice to the responsibility of the originator pursuant to Article 22(5) of the 
Securitisation Regulation.  
Information regarding the policies and procedures of the Seller 
As required by Article 9(1) of the Securitisation Regulation, the Seller in its capacity as originator applied the 
same sound and well-defined credit-granting criteria for the Dealer Agreements related to the Purchased 
Receivables as it has applied to equivalent loan contracts that do not form part of the collateral for the Class A 
Notes. In particular: 
(a) 
the Seller applied the same clearly established processes for approving and, where relevant, amending, 
renewing and refinancing for such Dealer Agreement as it has applied to equivalent dealer agreements 
that do not form part of the collateral for the Class A Notes; and

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
(b) 
the Seller had effective systems in place to apply those criteria and processes in order to ensure that 
credit-granting is based on a thorough assessment of the relevant Manufacturer creditworthiness taking 
appropriate account of factors relevant to verifying the prospect of those Manufacturer meeting their 
obligations under the Dealer Agreements. 
Information available prior to or after pricing of the Class A Programme Notes  
As to the information made available to prospective investors by the FCT, reference is made to the information 
set out herein and forming part of this Base Prospectus and to any other information provided separately (which 
information shall not form part of this Base Prospectus) and, after the date of this Base Prospectus, to the 
monthly investor reports. In such monthly investor reports relevant information with regard to the Purchased 
Receivables will be disclosed publicly together with an overview of the retention of the material net economic 
interest and/or any changes in the method of retention of the material net economic interest by the Seller in 
accordance with Article 7(1) of the Securitisation Regulation.  
Accordingly, the Reporting Entity shall make available to potential investors all information and documents 
required to be disclosed to potential investors before pricing in accordance with Article 7(1) of the 
Securitisation Regulation, the drafts of the Transaction Documents referred to in Article 7(1)(b) of the 
Securitisation Regulation and as listed in the Section entitled "Documents on Display". 
The Seller shall further make available or procure that is made available such further information and 
documents as required pursuant to Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation (including such information 
referred to in the section "General Information - Documents available".  
The documents and information referred to above shall be provided in a manner consistent with the 
requirements of Article 7(2) of the Securitisation Regulation and, for these purposes, the information will be 
made available to potential investors in the Class A Programme Notes on the website of the European 
DataWarehouse (https://editor.eurodw.eu/). For the avoidance of doubt, such website and the contents thereof 
do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors to assess compliance 
Each prospective investor is required independently to assess and determine the sufficiency of the information 
described above and in this Base Prospectus generally for the purposes of complying with Article 5 of the 
Securitisation Regulation and any corresponding local implementing rules which may be relevant and none of 
RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland (in its capacity as the Seller and the Servicer) nor the FCT, the 
Management Company, the Custodian, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash Manager, the Paying Agent, the 
Listing Agent, the Data Protection Trustee or the Arranger makes any representation that the information 
described above or in the Base Prospectus is sufficient in all circumstances for such purposes. 
For further information please also refer to the risk factor entitled " Regulatory initiatives may have an adverse 
impact on the regulatory treatment of the Class A Programme Notes and/or decrease liquidity in respect of the 
Class A Programme Notes". 
Anti-Money Laundering, Anti-Terrorism, Anti-Corruption, Bribery and Similar Laws May Require 
Certain Actions or Disclosures 
Many jurisdictions have adopted wide-ranging anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, and anti-
corruption and anti-bribery laws, and regulations (collectively, the AML Requirements). Any of the FCT, the 
Arranger, the Management Company or the Custodian could be requested or required to obtain certain 
assurances from prospective investors intending to purchase Class A Programme Notes and to retain such 
information or to disclose information pertaining to them to governmental, regulatory or other authorities or 
to financial intermediaries or engage in due diligence or take other related actions in the future.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
It is expected that the FCT, the Arranger, the Management Company and the Custodian will comply with AML 
Requirements to which they are or may become subject and to interpret such AML Requirements broadly in 
favour of disclosure. Failure to honour any request by the FCT, the Arranger, the Management Company or 
the Custodian to provide requested information or take such other actions as may be necessary or advisable for 
the FCT, the Arranger, the Management Company or the Custodian to comply with any AML Requirements, 
related legal process or appropriate requests (whether formal or informal) may result in, among other things, a 
forced sale to another investor of such investor’s Class A Programme Notes. Noteholders may also be obliged 
to provide information they may have previously identified or regarded as confidential to satisfy the AML 
Requirements.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
THIRD PARTY EXPENSES 
Scheduled FCT Fees 
In respect of the operation of the FCT and notwithstanding any other exceptional fees and expenses, the FCT 
shall pay in arrears to each relevant participant on each Payment Date the corresponding fees (if any) as set 
out below. 
Management Company 
(a) 
A fixed fee of €98,000 per annum payable on each Payment Date. 
(b) 
A liquidation fee of €5,000 payable upon the liquidation of the FCT. 
(c) 
Exceptional fees of: 
(i) 
€5,000 in case of modification of the legal documents; 
(ii) 
€5,000 in case of change of actors, other than the Servicer; 
(iii) 
€10,000 in case of change of the Servicer. 
(d) 
A fixed fee of €10,000 per annum for reporting to the European Securities and Markets Authority and 
the European DataWarehouse; 
(e) 
The AMF fees of 0.0008% applied to the outstanding balance of the Class A Notes and the Class B 
Loan on the last business day of the calendar year, payable on the first Payment Date of each calendar 
year (as amended by any applicable French laws or regulations). 
Custodian 
An annual fee, payable each Payment Date, equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
a fixed fee of €35,000 per annum payable on each Payment Date; and 
(b) 
the product of (i) 0.0055% and (ii) the outstanding amount of the Purchased Receivables. 
For its role as Registrar, the Custodian shall receive from the FCT a fixed fee of €2,500 per annum (excluding 
VAT) payable on each Payment Date. 
FCT Account Bank and FCT Cash Manager 
In consideration for its obligations with respect to the FCT, the FCT shall pay to Société Générale, on each 
Payment Date falling in January, April, July and October, a flat fee equal to €3,000 (excluding VAT and other 
taxes (if any)). 
In addition to the fee referred to above, the FCT shall pay to Société Générale a flat fee equal to €25 (excluding 
VAT and other taxes (if any)) in connection with any paper credit transfer (virement papier). 
Any fees incurred in relation to the transfer or the closure of any of the FCT Accounts which would be billed 
by any third party bank shall be paid by RCI Banque if the amount of such fees is equal to or greater than €50 
(excluding VAT and other taxes (if any)). This refund of fees shall be paid through a flat commission paid on 
the date of the transfer or closure of any of the FCT Accounts by the debit of the current account of RCI Banque 
in the books of Société Générale (agence Paris Centre Entreprises).

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
Data Protection Trustee 
The FCT shall pay to the Data Protection Trustee a fee equal to €2,500 per annum (excluding VAT). 
Servicer 
In consideration for its obligations with respect to the FCT, the Servicer shall receive, on each Payment Date, 
a fee equal to the sum of:  
(a) 
0.14% of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables on the first Business Day 
of each Collection Period; 
(b) 
0.20% for the recovery process task of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables 
which are Defaulted Receivables on the first Business Day of such Collection Period. 
The Servicer fee shall not be greater than 0.15% per annum of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of the 
Purchased Receivables on the first Business Day of such Collection Period (after having taken into account 
the Purchased Receivables purchased on such Business Day, if any). 
Paying Agent and Listing Agent 
(a) 
The Paying Agent shall receive a fee of €200 (excluding VAT and other taxes for each event in respect 
 
of the Class A Notes (payment of coupon and payment of principal) on each Payment Date; 
(b) 
The Listing Agent shall receive a fee of: 
(i) 
€3000 (plus any applicable taxes) for the constitution and filing of the listing application of 
the Base Prospectus;  
(ii) 
€250 per annum (plus any applicable taxes) with respect to any listing event for each issuance 
of new series of Class A Notes;  
(iii) 
€100 (plus any applicable taxes) with respect to any publication of information on Euroclear 
or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; and  
(iv) 
€500 (plus any applicable taxes) with respect to any update and approval of the listing request.  
The Paying Agent and the Listing Agent shall also be repaid of the fees payable to Euroclear and the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange in relation to the Class A Notes, including out of pocket expenses and publication 
costs.  
The fees owed to the Paying Agent shall be paid by the FCT Account Bank acting on behalf of the FCT in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.  
Statutory Auditor 
The Statutory Auditor will receive from the FCT a flat fee equal to € 9,950 (excluding VAT) per annum upon 
receipt of the invoice. 
Rating Agencies 
The Rating Agencies will receive a fee: 
(a) 
of €18,000 (excluding VAT) for Moody’s on the first year, increasing by 3% on an annual basis; and 
(b) 
of €15,000 (excluding VAT) for DBRS.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
LEI fees 
The Management Company will also receive the annual fee equal to €82 for the renewal of the Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) or other amount resulting from any increase of such fee. The fees shall be paid directly by the 
Management Company to the LEI ContributorPayment of the FCT Expenses 
On each Payment Date, the Management Company shall apply the Available Distribution Amount (which 
includes Collections on the Purchased Receivables) to pay all FCT Expenses then due, including to the 
payment of Scheduled FCT Fees before the payment of any sums payable in accordance with any applicable 
Priority of Payments.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
MODIFICATIONS TO THE TRANSACTION 
General 
Any modification to the information provided in this Base Prospectus will be made public in a report 
(communiqué), after prior notification of the Rating Agencies. This report (communiqué) will be annexed to a 
supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and incorporated in the next management 
report to be issued by the Management Company acting on behalf of the FCT. These changes will be binding 
upon the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Lender and the Residual Unitholder(s) within three Business Days 
after they have been informed thereof. 
Modifications of the Transaction Documents 
The Management Company, acting in its capacity as founders of the FCT, may agree to amend, modify, vary 
or waive any of the terms of the FCT Regulations, and, together with the parties thereto, the other Transaction 
Documents, provided that: 
(a) 
the Management Company shall notify the Rating Agencies of any contemplated amendment, 
modification, variation or waiver and such amendment, modification, variation or waiver will not 
result in the downgrading of any of the then current ratings assigned to the Class A Notes; 
(b) 
any amendment to the financial characteristics of the Class A Notes issued by the FCT shall require 
the prior approval of the Class A Noteholders (as the case may be, by a decision of the general 
assembly of the Masse passed under the applicable majority rule); 
(c) 
any amendment to any rule governing the allocation of available funds between the Class A Notes and 
the Class B Loan shall require the prior approval of the affected Class A Noteholders (as the case may 
be, by a decision of the general assembly of the Masse passed under the applicable majority rule) and 
of the Class B Lender; and 
(d) 
any amendment to the financial characteristics of the Residual Units issued by the FCT shall require 
the prior approval of the Residual Unitholder(s). 
Subject to paragraphs (a) to (d) above, any amendments to the FCT Regulations shall be notified to the Class 
A Noteholders, the Class B Lender and the Residual Unitholder(s), it being specified that such amendments 
shall be, automatically and without any further formalities (de plein droit), enforceable as against such Class 
A Noteholders, the Class B Lender and Residual Unitholder(s) within three Business Days after they have 
been notified thereof. 
The Management Company shall provide a copy of any such amendment, modification, variation or waiver to 
the Rating Agencies. The relevant amendment, modification, variation or waiver will also be incorporated in 
the next Daily Management Report by the Management Company acting on behalf of the FCT.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
Governing Law 
(a) 
The Class A Notes (and the Residual Units) are governed by French law. 
(b) 
Subject to paragraph (c) below, the Transaction Documents are governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with French law.  
(c) 
The Data Protection Agreement, the German Account Pledge Agreement and clause 5(c) of the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with German 
law. 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to paragraph (b) below, all claims and disputes relating to Transaction Documents, the Class 
A Notes, the establishment, the operation or the liquidation of the FCT, which may involve either the 
Class A Noteholders, the Class B Lenders the Management Company, the Residual Unitholder(s) 
and/or the Custodian, will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the French courts having 
competence in commercial matters. 
(b) 
All claims and disputes relating the Data Protection Agreement and the German Account Pledge 
Agreement are subject to the jurisdiction of the competent courts in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Filings: For each Series of Class A Programme Notes to be issued, application will be made to admit 
to trading Class A Programme Notes on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market. The 
estimated total expenses relating to the admission to trading of the Class A Programme Notes is €3,600 
(including upfront listing fees of €3,000 and an annual maintenance fee of €600 per listing years). This 
Base Prospectus prepared in connection with the Class A Programme Notes has not been submitted to 
the clearance procedures of the Autorité des marchés financiers. This Base Prospectus has been 
submitted for approval to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier in Luxembourg. 
2. 
Material net economic interest:  
Pursuant to the Class A Notes Subscription Agreement and the Class B Loan Agreement, the Seller 
has covenanted that it will retain a material net economic interest of not less than 5% in the 
securitisation as required by Article 6(1) of the Securitisation Regulation in accordance with Article 
6(3)(d) of the Securitisation Regulation (which, in each case, does not take into account any 
corresponding national measures). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, such interest is materialised 
by the Seller’s full ownership of the Class B Loan outstanding on this date and representing more than 
5% of aggregate of the Class A Notes and the Class B Loan. Any change to the manner in which such 
interest is held will be notified to the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Lender. The Seller has also 
undertaken (i) to make available to the FCT any Class B Loan which will be requested by the FCT on 
any Utilisation Date; (ii) to retain (and, inter alia, not to sell or transfer) on an ongoing basis its 
participation in the outstanding Class B Loans until the full amortisation of all the Class A Notes; and 
(iii) not to benefit from a guarantee or otherwise hedge the outstanding Class B Loan until the full 
amortisation of all the Class A Notes. 
3. 
Establishment of the FCT: The FCT has been established on the Closing Date. 
4. 
No consent: Under French law, it is not necessary for the FCT to obtain any consent, approval or 
authorisation in connection with the issue of the Class A Notes and the performance of the Transaction 
Documents by or on behalf of the FCT or the Management Company.  
5. 
No litigation: The FCT, acting through and represented by its Management Company, is not a party 
to any litigation that, in the judgement of the Management Company, is material in the context of the 
issue of the Class A Notes. 
6. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the FCT since 
31 December 2021. 
7. 
For the purposes of the Securitisation Regulation, the securitisation transaction unique identifier 
number is 549300RGMR8OQCDVLF04N201701. 
8. 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the FCT is 549300RGMR8OQCDVLF04. 
9. 
Listing and admission to trading: For each Series of Class A Programme Notes to be issued, 
application will be made to admit the Class A Programme Notes to listing on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market. 
The estimated total expenses relating to the admission to trading of the Class A Programme Notes on 
the Base Prospectus Date is €3,600. 
10. 
Paying Agent: The Paying Agent will be Société Générale, acting through its Securities Services 
department or such other paying agent as may replace it or such other additional paying agent(s) as 
may be appointed by the Management Company (on behalf of the FCT) in respect of the Class A 
Notes. The Société Générale Luxembourg will act as Listing Agent and in such capacity will liaise 
with the Management Company, the Class A Noteholders and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
office of the Paying Agent is: 32 rue du Champ de Tir, CS 30812, 44308 Nantes Cedex 3, France; the 
office of the Listing Agent is: 11, avenue Emile Reuter, L 2420 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
11. 
No post-issuance transaction information: No post-issuance transaction information regarding the 
Class A Programme Notes and the performance of the Purchased Receivables will be published other 
than this Base Prospectus and such information as may be provided to the Class A Noteholders as set 
out in the Section entitled "General Description of the FCT – Liabilities of the FCT - Description of 
the Class A Notes and the Residual Units" on page 72 and "General Description of the FCT". 
12. 
Documents available:  
12.1 
This Base Prospectus and the annual reports of the FCT shall be made available free of charge during 
normal business hours at the offices of the Management Company and at the office of the Paying 
Agent. Copies of the FCT Regulations, the Master Definitions Agreement, the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the FCT Account and Cash Management Agreement, 
the Dedicated Account Agreement, the German Account Pledge Agreement, the Data Protection 
Agreement, the General Reserve Agreement, the Paying Agency Agreement, the Class A Notes 
Subscription Agreement, the Residual Units Subscription Agreement and the Class B Loan 
Agreement, and the rating documents issued by the Rating Agencies shall be made available to the 
potential investors and the Class A Noteholders at the respective offices of the Management Company 
and the Paying Agent. This Base Prospectus and all the Final Terms will be available on the Internet 
site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu/). A copy of this Base Prospectus will be 
freely remitted by the Paying Agent to any investor in Class A Programme Notes upon demand. 
12.2 
The FCT shall: 
(a) 
publish a quarterly investor report in respect of the relevant period, as required by and in 
accordance with Article 7(1)(e) of the Securitisation Regulation and Article 7 Technical 
Standards; 
(b) 
publish on a quarterly basis certain line by line information in relation to the securitisation 
portfolio in respect of the relevant period as required by and in accordance with Article 7(1)(a) 
of the Securitisation Regulation and Article 7 Technical Standards;; 
(c) 
make available the documents required by Article 7(1)(b) of the Securitisation Regulation prior 
to the pricing date of the Class A Programme Notes when the purchaser of such Class A 
Programme Notes is not RCI Banque; and 
(d) 
publish, without delay, details of any inside information or, as the case may be, any significant 
event as required by and in accordance with Article 7(1)(f) and Article 7(1)(g), respectively, 
of the Securitisation Regulation and Article 7 Technical Standards.  
 
The reports set out above shall be published on the website of the European DataWarehouse 
(https://editor.eurodw.eu/), being a website which conforms with the requirements set out in Article 
7(2) of the Securitisation Regulation. For the avoidance of doubt, this website and the contents thereof 
do not form part of this Base Prospectus. To the extent any technical standards prepared under the 
Securitisation Regulation come into effect after the date of this Base Prospectus and require such 
reports to be published in a different manner or on a different website, the FCT shall comply with the 
requirements of such technical standards when publishing such reports. For the avoidance of doubt, 
such website and the contents thereof do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, the Management Company has undertaken to provide information to and to comply with 
written confirmation requests of the authorised securitisation repository, which will be the European 
DataWarehouse (https://editor.eurodw.eu/) which was approved by the ESMA as a securitisation

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
repository with effect from 30 June 2021, as required under the Securitisation Repository Operational 
Standards. 
The above undertakings are subject always to any requirement of law, and provided that: (i) the 
Reporting Entity will not be in breach of such undertaking if the Reporting Entity fails to so comply 
due to events, actions or circumstances beyond the Reporting Entity's control; and (ii) the Reporting 
Entity is only required to do so to the extent that the disclosure requirements under Article 7 of the 
Securitisation Regulation remain in effect. 
13. 
Notices: For so long as any of the Class A Programme Notes are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require notices in respect of the Class 
A Programme Notes will be published in a leading daily economic and financial newspaper having 
general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort). If not published 
in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg, such notices will be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.bourse.lu/home). For the avoidance of 
doubt, such website and the contents thereof do not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
14. 
Third Party Information: information contained in this Base Prospectus which is sourced from a 
third party has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Management Company is aware and are 
able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third party, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Management Company 
has also identified the source(s) of such information. 
15. 
Assessment of compliance by prospective noteholders: Each prospective investor in the Class A 
Programme Notes is required to independently assess and determine the sufficiency of the information 
described above and in this Base Prospectus generally for the purposes of complying with the Capital 
Requirements Regulation (and/or any implementing rules in relation to a relevant jurisdiction) and 
none of the Management Company, the Custodian, the FCT, the Arranger or the Seller make any 
representation that the information described above or in this Base Prospectus is sufficient in all 
circumstances for such purposes. In addition, each prospective investor in the Class A Programme 
Notes should ensure that it complies with the implementing provisions in respect of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation in its relevant jurisdiction. Investors who are uncertain as to the requirements 
which apply to them in respect of their relevant jurisdiction, should seek guidance from their regulator. 
16. 
Significant events - Supplement: In case of occurrence of a significant new fact, capable of affecting 
the assessment of the FCT, or if it is determined that this Base Prospectus contains any mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus, a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus will have to be produced pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. 
17. 
Monthly Investor Report: On a monthly basis until the earlier of the date on which all the Class A 
Notes and the Class B Loan have been redeemed in full and the Legal Final Maturity Date, the 
Management Company will prepare the Monthly Investor Report and, on each Calculation Date, will 
deliver the Monthly Investor Report to the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Lender and the Rating 
Agencies. 
18. 
The office of the Management Company is: Paris Titrisation, 17 Cours Valmy, 92972, Paris la Défense 
Cedex, France.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
During the life of this Base Prospectus, a copy of the following documents will be available for inspection by 
physical means during normal business hours at the registered offices of the Management Company: 
(a) 
the FCT Regulations; 
(b) 
the Custodian Agreement; 
(c) 
the Master Definitions Agreement; 
(d) 
the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement; 
(e) 
the Servicing Agreement; 
(f) 
the FCT Account and Cash Management Agreement; 
(g) 
the Dedicated Account Agreement; 
(h) 
the German Account Pledge Agreement;  
(i) 
the Data Protection Agreement; 
(j) 
the General Reserve Agreement; 
(k) 
the Paying Agency Agreement; 
(l) 
the Class A Notes Subscription Agreement; 
(m) 
the Residual Units Subscription Agreement; 
(n) 
the Class B Loan Agreement;  
(o) 
the Final Terms applicable to any Series of Notes;  
(p) 
the rating document issued by DBRS; and 
(q) 
the rating document issued by Moody’s. 
This Base Prospectus together with the Final Terms will also be available, for a period of ten (10) years, on 
the Internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu/). A copy of this Base Prospectus, 
together with the relevant Final Terms, will be freely remitted by the Paying Agent to any investor in Class A 
Programme Notes upon demand.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents: 
 
the Compte rendu d'activité de l'exercice (annual report) of the FCT as of 31 December 2020, in 
French language, together with the FCT Statutory Auditors' report thereto dated 17 November 2021 
(together, the 2020 Annual Report), where a copy may be obtained, free of charge, on the website of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) 
at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10d2229d7a0808442a8d1159dd3c6f43c1;  
 
the Compte rendu d'activité de l'exercice (annual report) of the FCT as of 31 December 2021, in 
French language, together with the FCT Statutory Auditors' report thereto dated 14 June 2022 
(together, the 2021 Annual Report), where a copy may be obtained, free of charge, on the website of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) 
at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/109716dd59fec44e2daac127be7f87d0c7; 
 
the Custodian Agreement, where a copy may be obtained, free of charge, on the website of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) 
at 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/104856506585bb447f803e1734edef4060; 
 
the master amendment and restatement agreement (being, as of the date hereof, the master amendment 
and restatement agreement executed on the 2022 Amendment Signing Date between, inter alios, the 
Seller, the Management Company, the Custodian, the FCT Account Bank and the FCT Cash Manager, 
the Paying Agent and the Listing Agent) amending, notably, the FCT Regulations, the Master 
Definitions Agreement, the Paying Agent Agreement, the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, 
the Class B Loan Agreement,the General Reserve Agreement, the FCT Account and Cash 
Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement (the Master Amendment and Restatement 
Agreement) where a copy may be obtained, free of charge, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) at https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10b8b75c78c15e4876bbb698f8952da252, 
which, but only in relation to the information directly available in the cross reference list, shall be deemed to 
be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained 
in it shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute 
a part of this Base Prospectus. A copy of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may 
also be obtained, free of charge, at the offices of the Management Company and the Paying Agent as set out 
in "General Information" during normal business hours. For the avoidance of doubt, information that are not 
directly available in the cross reference list are either not relevant for the Investors or covered in other sections 
of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED 
BY REFERENCE 
REFERENCE 
Financial information for the period 
ended 31 December 2020 
 
- Balance sheet 
2020 Annual Report, Page 9 of the PDF version 
- Income statement 
2020 Annual Report, Page 10of the PDF version 
- Accounting policies and explanatory 
notes 
2020 Annual Report, Page 11  of the PDF version 
- Notes 
2020 Annual Report, Pages 12 to 15 of the PDF version 
- Auditors' review report relating to 
the above 
2020 Annual Report, Pages 2 to 5 of the PDF version 
Financial information for the period 
ended 31 December 2021 
 
- Balance sheet 
2021 Annual Report, Page 7 of the PDF version 
- Income statement 
2021 Annual Report, Page 8 of the PDF version 
- Accounting policies and explanatory 
notes 
2021 Annual Report, Page 9 of the PDF version 
- Notes 
2021 Annual Report, Pages 10 to 13 of the PDF version 
- Auditors' review report relating to 
the above 
2021 Annual Report, Pages 2 to 5 of the PDF version 
FCT Regulations 
Reference in the Master Amendment and Restatement Agreement 
- Amendments 
Page 5 of the PDF version 
- No novation 
Page 8 of the PDF version 
- Definitions and interpretation 
Page 70 of the PDF version  
- Establishment of the FCT 
Pages 70 to 71 of the PDF version  
- Main Features of the FCT 
Pages 71 to 72 of the PDF version  
- Organs of the FCT 
Pages 72 to 78 of the PDF version  
- Nature of the Assets of the FCT 
Page 78 of the PDF version  
- Purchase of Receivables 
Pages 79 to 83 of the PDF version  
- Transfer Fee 
Pages 83 of the PDF version 
- Partial Amortisation Option 
Pages 83 to 86 of the PDF version 
- Data Protection Agreement 
Pages 86 to 87 of the PDF ersion 
- FCT Accounts 
Pages 87 to 80 of the PDF version  
- General reserve 
Page 90 of the PDF version 
- Functioning of the FCT 
Pages 90 to 93 of the PDF version 
- Determination and Distribution 
Pages 93 to 94 of the PDF version 
- Priority of Payments 
Pages 94 to 96 of the PDF version 
- The Residual Unites 
Pages 96 to 98 of the PDF version 
- Description of the Class A Notes 
Pages 98 to 101 of the PDF version 
- Description of the Class B Loans 
Pages 101 to 104 of the PDF version

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED 
BY REFERENCE 
REFERENCE 
- Accounting Principles and Financial 
Information 
Pages 104 to 105 of the PDF version 
- Liquidation 
Pages 105 to 106 of the PDF version 
- Rating Agency Confirmation and 
Non-Responsive Rating Agencies 
Pages 106 to 107 of the PDF version 
- 
Amendments 
to 
these 
FCT 
Regulations and the Transaction 
Documents 
Pages 107 to 108 of the PDF version 
- Notices 
Page 108 of the PDF version 
- Confidentiality 
Page 108 of the PDF version 
- Governing law 
Page 108 of the PDF version 
- Receivables Eligibility Criteria, 
Dealers 
Eligibility 
Criteria 
and 
Representations 
and 
Warranties 
Relating to the Receivables 
Pages 109 to 1115 of the PDF version 
- Investment Rules 
Page 116 of the PDF version 
- Terms and Conditions 
Pages 117 to 147 of the PDF version 
Terms and Conditions of the Residual 
Units 
Page 148 of the PDF version 
- Form of Issue Documents 
Pages 149 to 150 of the PDF version 
- Information relating to the FCT 
Pages 151 to 153 of the PDF version 
- Scheduled FCT Fees 
Pages 179 to 181 of the PDF version 
- Role and Obligations of the 
Management Company 
Pages 182 to 189 of the PDF version 
Custodian Agreement 
Reference in the Custodian Agreement 
- Duties 
Pages 5 to 6 of the PDF version  
Master Definitions Agreement 
Reference in the Master Amendment and Restatement Agreement 
- Amendments 
Page 5 of the PDF version 
- No novation 
Page 8 of the PDF version 
- Definitions 
Pages 14 to 54 of the PDF version 
- Interpretation 
Pages 54 to 55 of the PDF version 
- Payment Instructions and Set-off 
Arrangements 
Page 55 of the PDF version 
- EU Regualtion Requirements 
Page 55 of the PDF version 
- Pool Audit 
Pages 55 to 56 of the PDF version 
- Set-off 
Page 56 of the PDF version 
- Partial Amortisation Option 
Page 56 of the PDF version 
- Notices 
Pages 57 to 59 of the PDF version  
- Confidentiality 
Pages 59 to 60 of the PDF version  
- Amendment and waivers 
Pages 60 to 61 of the PDF version  
- Governing Law and Disputes 
Page 62 of the PDF version

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
GLOSSARY 
Save as otherwise defined in any other part of this Base Prospectus, terms and expressions used in this Base 
Prospectus shall have the following meanings: 
2022 Amendment Signing Date means 20 July 2022. 
2022 Closing Date means the date of the issue of the first Series of Class A20xx-y Notes. 
3M Average Monthly Pool Payment Rate means, at any time, the average of the Monthly Pool Payment 
Rates for the three preceding Collection Periods. The 3M Average Monthly Pool Payment Rate is assessed 
from November 2017 (including).  
Account Holder means RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland, société anonyme incorporated under the 
laws of France, whose registered office is at 14, avenue du Pavé Neuf, 93160 Noisy Le Grand, France, 
registered with the Trade and Companies Register of Bobigny under number B 306 523 358, licensed as a 
credit institution in France by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution, acting through its branch 
located at Jagenbergstrasse 1, 41468 Neuss, Germany. 
Additional Transfer Fee Amount means, in relation to each Payment Date, the additional minimum positive 
amount payable by the Seller (rounded up to the nearest thousand euro) which would permit a full payment of 
items (a) to (f) of the Revolving Priority of Payments or of items (a) to (d) of the Normal Amortisation Priority 
of Payments if added to the Available Distribution Amount calculated without taking this additional amount 
into consideration. 
Adverse Claim means any ownership interest, lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance, or other right or 
claim in, over or any person’s assets or properties in favour of any other person. 
Affected Receivables has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 11 (Automatic Rescission of Transfer) 
of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Affiliate means, in relation to any entity, any other entity which controls or is controlled by, or is under 
common control of such an entity where "control" means, for any Person or Persons acting in concert, the 
ownership of more than 50% of the shareholding or voting rights in any other Person or the possession, directly 
or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such entity 
(including the right to control the composition of the board of directors or equivalent management board of 
that company), whether through the ownership of shareholding or voting rights, by contract or otherwise. 
Alternative Benchmark Rate means, when a Benchmark Rate Modification Event has occurred, an 
alternative benchmark rate which shall meet the following requirements: 
(a) 
a reference rate which has been recognised or endorsed as a rate which should or could be used, subject 
to adjustments (if any), to replace EURIBOR by either (x) the ECB, ESMA or any relevant committee 
or other body established, sponsored or approved by any of the foregoing, including the Working 
Group on Euro Risk-Free Rates or (y) an industry body recognised nationally or internationally as 
representing participants in the asset-backed securitisation market generally; 
(b) 
a reference rate utilised in a material number of publicly-listed new issues of Euro-denominated asset-
backed floating rate notes prior to the effective date of such Benchmark Rate Modification; 
(c) 
a reference rate utilised in a publicly-listed new issue of Euro-denominated asset-backed notes where 
the originator of the relevant assets is the Seller or an affiliate or a branch of the Seller; 
(d) 
such other reference rate as the Management Company or the Alternative Benchmark Rate 
Determination Agent, reasonably determines provided that this option may only be used if none of

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) above are applicable and/or practicable in the context of the securitisation 
described in this Base Prospectus and that the Management Company has received from the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate Determination Agent reasonable justification of such determination. 
Alternative Benchmark Rate Determination Agent means, when a Benchmark Rate Modification Event has 
occurred, an alternative benchmark rate determination agent which must be an independent financial institution 
and dealer of international repute in the European Union and which is not an affiliate of the Seller, as appointed 
by the Management Company to carry out the tasks referred to in Condition 9.3 (Additional Right of 
Modification without the Class A20xx-y Noteholders' consent in relation to Benchmark Rate Modification 
Event). 
AMF means the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers. 
AMF General Regulations means the Règlement général de l’Autorité des Marchés Financiers. 
Ancillary Rights means, in respect to any Receivable, the following rights and claims relating to such 
Receivable: 
(a) 
the claim (if any) for the payment of default interest under the Receivables Contract relating to such 
Receivable; 
(b) 
all other existing and future claims and rights under, pursuant to, or in connection with such Receivable 
and the Receivables Contract from which it derives, including (but not limited to): 
(i) 
all other related ancillary rights and claims, including (x) independent unilateral rights to 
determine legal relationships (selbständige Gestaltungsrechte) as well as (y) dependent 
unilateral rights to determine legal relationships (unselbständige Gestaltungsrechte) by the 
exercise of which the relevant Receivables Contract is altered, in particular the right of 
termination (Recht zur Kündigung), the rights to give directions (Weisungsrechte), if any, and 
the right of rescission (Recht zum Rücktritt), the right to serve a notice to pay or repay, to 
demand, sue for, recover, receive and give receipts for payment, to recover and/or to grant a 
discharge in respect of the whole or part of the amounts due or to become due in connection 
with the said Receivable from the relevant Dealer (or from any other Person having granted 
any security interest) but which are not of a personal nature (höchstpersönlich) (without 
prejudice to the assignment of ancillary rights and claims pursuant to § 401 of the BGB; 
(ii) 
all claims for the provision of collateral; 
(iii) 
all indemnity claims against the relevant Dealer for non-performance by such Dealer of its 
obligations under the relevant Receivables Contract; and 
(iv) 
all claims for unjustified enrichment (aus ungerechfortiger Bereicherung) against the relevant 
Dealer in the event that the Receivables Contract from which such Receivable derives is void. 
Applicable Reference Rate means: 
(a) 
as of the Closing Date and until the last Payment Date before the occurrence of the first Benchmark 
Rate Modification Event, the EURIBOR Reference Rate; and 
(b) 
as of the first Payment Date following the occurrence of the first Benchmark Rate Modification Event, 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate as may be adjusted taking into account the Note Rate Maintenance 
Adjustment. 
Arranger means Société Générale.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
Asset-Liability Trigger Event means the event that, with respect to any Payment Date during the Revolving 
Period or the Normal Amortisation Period, the application of the relevant Priority of Payments on such 
Payment Date is expected to lead to payments in relation to item (a) to item (g) of the Revolving Priority of 
Payments or in relation to item (a) to item (f) of the Normal Amortisation Priority of Payments not being made 
in full. Such event will be assessed on each Payment Date, after consideration of the possible Additional 
Transfer Fee Amount paid by the Seller on such Payment Date. 
Automatic Rescission means, in case of misrepresentation or breach of Eligibility Criteria, pursuant to clause 
11 (Automatic Rescission of Transfer) of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, the operation whereby 
the transfer of the relevant Affected Receivable shall automatically be deemed null and void (résolu) without 
any further formalities and an amount equal to the Re-Purchase Price of the Purchased Receivable concerned, 
shall be paid by the Seller, no later than the Purchase Date following the date on which the transfer of such 
Purchased Receivables becomes null and void. 
Available Distribution Amount means, on each Payment Date, the sum of: 
(a) 
any Principal Accumulation Amount as determined on the Business Day following the immediately 
preceding Cut-Off Date; 
(b) 
the proceeds from Eligible Investments on funds standing into the FCT Accounts;  
(c) 
the Class A Notes Issue Amount on such Payment Date (if any);  
(d) 
the Class B Loan Required Increase Amount to be paid by the Class B Lender (if any);  
(e) 
any amount standing to the credit of the General Reserve Account (excluding the General Reserve 
Increase Amount (if any) with respect to such Payment Date); 
(f) 
the Transfer Fee Amount paid by the Seller in relation to this Payment Date;  
(g) 
the Additional Transfer Fee Amount paid by the Seller in relation to this Payment Date; 
(h) 
any part of the Available Distribution Amount calculated with respect to each preceding Payment Date 
which has not been applied towards satisfaction of the items set forth in the relevant Priority of 
Payments and any amount to the credit of the General Account in relation to the preceding Collection 
Period (which includes item (c) of Collections as this item is not considered as principal); and 
(i) 
any other amount received under the Transaction Documents other than any amount mentioned in 
paragraphs (a) to (h) above,  
less,  
during the Revolving Period only, EUR 300 (corresponding to the proceeds from the issuance of the Residual 
Units). 
Back-Up Servicer has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 14.1 (General) of the Servicing Agreement. 
Base Prospectus Date means [] July 2022. 
Benchmark Rate Modification means any modification to the Conditions of the Class A Notes or any other 
Transaction Document or any entry into any new, supplemental or additional document that the Management 
Company or the Alternative Benchmark Rate Determination Agent considers necessary for the purpose of 
changing the benchmark rate from EURIBOR in respect of the Class A Notes to the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate and making such other amendments to the Conditions or any other Transaction Document (including for 
the avoidance of doubt the determination of the Class A Note Rate Maintenance Adjustment) as are necessary

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Management Company and/or the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate Determination Agent to implement the changes envisaged pursuant to Condition 9.3 (Additional Right of 
Modification without the Class A20xx-y Noteholders' consent in relation to Benchmark Rate Modification 
Event) of the Class A Notes. 
Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate means a certificate signed by the Management Company or by 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate Determination Agent certifying that: 
(a) 
the Benchmark Rate Modification is being undertaken as a result of the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Rate Modification Event and such modification is required solely for such purpose and has been 
drafted solely to such effect; 
(b) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate proposed falls within limb (a), (b), (c) or (d) of the definition of 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and where limb (d) applies, the Management Company shall certify that, 
in its opinion, none of paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) of the definition of Alternative Benchmark Rate is 
applicable and/or practicable in the context of the securitisation described in this Base Prospectus and 
sets out the justification for such determination (as provided by the Alternative Benchmark Rate 
Determination Agent); 
(c) 
it has: 
(i) 
either: 
(A) 
obtained written confirmation from each of the Rating Agencies that the proposed 
Benchmark Rate Modification would not result in a Negative Ratings Action and such 
written confirmation is appended to the Benchmark Rate Modification Certificate; or 
(B) 
been unable to obtain written confirmation from each of the Rating Agencies that the 
proposed Benchmark Rate Modification would not result in Negative Ratings Action; 
or 
(ii) 
given the Rating Agencies at least ten (10) Business Days' prior written notice of the proposed 
modification and none of the Rating Agencies has indicated that such Benchmark Rate 
Modification would result in Negative Ratings Action;  
(d) 
the details of and the rationale for the Class A Note Rate Maintenance Adjustment (or absence of any 
Class A Note Rate Maintenance Adjustment) are as set out in the Benchmark Rate Modification 
Noteholder Notice; and 
(e) 
whether the Benchmark Rate Modification Costs will be paid by the Seller or by the FCT in accordance 
with item 1. of the relevant Priority of Payment. 
Benchmark Rate Modification Costs means all fees, costs and expenses (including legal fees or any costs 
associated with the Benchmark Rate Modification) properly incurred by the FCT and the Management 
Company or any other transaction party in connection with the Benchmark Rate Modification. 
Benchmark Rate Modification Event has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 9.3 (Additional 
Right of Modification without the Class A20xx-y Noteholders' consent in relation to Benchmark Rate 
Modification Event). 
Benchmark Rate Modification Noteholder Notice means a written notice from the FCT to notify the Class 
A Noteholders of a proposed Benchmark Rate Modification confirming the following: 
(a) 
the date on which it is proposed that the Benchmark Rate Modification shall take effect;

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
(b) 
the period during which Class A Noteholders who are Class A Noteholders on the Benchmark Rate 
Modification Record Date may object to the proposed Benchmark Rate Modification (which notice 
period shall commence at least forty (40) calendar days prior to the date on which it is proposed that 
the Benchmark Rate Modification would take effect and continue for a period of not less than thirty 
(30) calendar days) and the method by which they may object; 
(c) 
the Benchmark Rate Modification Event or Benchmark Rate Modification Events which has or have 
occurred; 
(d) 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate which is proposed to be adopted and the rationale for choosing the 
proposed Alternative Benchmark Rate;  
(e) 
details of any Class A Note Rate Maintenance Adjustment; and 
(f) 
details of (i) any amendments which the FCT proposes to make to the Conditions or any other 
Transaction Document and (ii) any new, supplemental or additional documents into which the FCT 
proposes to enter to implement the changes envisaged pursuant to Condition 9.3 (Additional Right of 
Modification without the Class A20xx-y Noteholders' consent in relation to Benchmark Rate 
Modification Event).  
Benchmark Rate Modification Record Date means the date specified to be the Benchmark Rate 
Modification Record Date in the Benchmark Rate Modification Noteholder Notice. 
Benchmark Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds, as amended from time to time. 
Business Day means any day, not being a Saturday or a Sunday, nor a public or bank holiday in France, in 
Germany and in Luxembourg, on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in Paris, all federal states of Germany and Luxembourg and which is a TARGET2 Settlement Day. 
Business Day Convention means if any Payment Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day, such 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless such Business Day falls in 
the next calendar month, in which case the Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Buyback Vehicle means a Used Vehicle of “Renault”, “Dacia”, “Alpine” or “Nissan” make which has been 
bought back by the Manufacturer and then sold by a Manufacturer to a Dealer. 
Calculation Date means the 6th Business Day prior to each Payment Date. 
Capital Requirements Regulation or CRR means the Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms as amended from time to time. 
Cash Proportion means, with respect to a Payment Date and the corresponding Collection Period, the amount 
calculated on the Business Day following the Cut-Off Date of this Collection Period as the ratio between: 
(a) 
(i) the Maximum Optional Partial Amortisation Amount as calculated on such Business Day minus 
(ii) the difference (positive or negative) between (x) the aggregate Principal Outstanding Amount of 
the Class A Notes on such Business Day of calculation and the Principal Outstanding Amount of the 
Class B Loan and (y) the aggregate of the Class A Notes Target Amount and the Class B Loan Target 
Amount as calculated on such Business Day of calculation with respect to the immediately following 
Payment Date; and

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
(b) 
the aggregate of the Class A Notes Target Amount and the Class B Loan Target Amount as calculated 
on such Business Day of calculation with respect to the immediately following Payment Date. 
Class A Note Rate Maintenance Adjustment means the adjustment (which may be positive or negative) 
which the Management Company or the Alternative Benchmark Rate Determination Agent proposes to make 
(if any) to the margin payable on the Class A Notes which are the subject of the Benchmark Rate Modification 
in order to, so far as reasonably and commercially practicable, preserve what would have been the expected 
rate of interest applicable to the Class A Notes had no such Benchmark Rate Modification been effected. Any 
Class A Note Rate Maintenance Adjustment shall take into account any note rate maintenance adjustment 
mechanisms endorsed by the ECB or ESMA or their sponsored committees or bodies, or mechanisms that have 
become generally accepted market practice. 
Class A Noteholder means any of the holders of the Class A Notes. 
Class A Noteholders Representative has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 10.2 (Legal 
personality) to the FCT Regulations. 
Class A Notes means the Class A2017-1 Notes and the Class A Programme Notes.  
Class A Notes Amortisation Amount means: 
(a) 
on any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the sum of: 
(i) 
the principal amount of the Series of Class A Notes, for which the Expected Maturity Date 
falls on such Payment Date and  
(ii) 
the aggregate Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount to be amortised following the 
exercise of the Partial Amortisation Option with respect to such Payment Date; and  
(b) 
on any Payment Date during the Normal Amortisation Period, the lower of: 
(i) 
the Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes on the preceding Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
the Normal Amortisation Amount on such Payment Date. 
Class A Notes Conditions means the terms and conditions of the Class A Programme Notes as set out in the 
section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Class A2017-1  Notes" and in part 1 of schedule 3 to the FCT 
Regulations. 
Class A Notes Interest Amount means the interest amounts due in respect of all the outstanding Class A 
Notes on a Payment Date as calculated by the Management Company as set out in Condition 4.2 (Class A 
Notes Interest Rate and Class A Notes Interest Amount) to the FCT Regulations. 
Class A Notes Interest Rate means, in respect of a given Payment Date, the rate of interest applicable to the 
Class A Notes during the Interest Period ending on such Payment Date, which will be the sum of:  
(a) 
the Applicable Reference Rate as determined on the Interest Determination Date immediately 
preceding such Interest Period; and 
(b) 
the Relevant Margin. 
If that rate is less than zero, the Class A Notes Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero.  
Class A Notes Issue Amount means: 
(a) 
with respect to the Class A2017-1 Notes, €675,000,000; and

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
with respect to the Class A20xx-y Notes to be issued on any Issue Date, the amount of Class A20xx-y Notes 
indicated in writing by the Class A20xx-y Notes Subscriber to the Management Company in accordance with the 
FCT Regulations and as specified in the relevant Issue Document. Such amount shall correspond to an integral 
number of Class A20xx-y NotesClass A Notes Maximum Amount means €1,000,000,000. 
Class A Notes Maximum Relevant Margin means 1.00 % per annum. 
Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date during the Revolving 
Period in relation of which the Seller has exercised a Partial Amortisation Option, and with respect to any 
Series of Class A Notes, the amount of Class A Notes to be amortised on the Payment Date following the 
occurrence of an Optional Partial Amortisation Event as calculated by the Management Company in 
accordance with the FCT Regulations and which is: 
(a) 
for each outstanding Series of Class A Notes subject to the Partial Amortisation Option, an integral 
multiple of the number of Class A Notes in such Series of Class A Notes; and 
(b) 
such that the sum of the Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount and of the Class B Loan 
Equivalent Partial Amortisation Amount does not exceed the Maximum Optional Partial Amortisation 
Amount (these amounts being calculated with respect to such Payment Date). 
Class A Notes Subscriber means RCI Banque. 
Class A Notes Subscription Agreement means the subscription agreement in respect of the Class A Notes 
dated on or about the 2022 Amendment Signing Date, between the Management Company and the Class A 
Notes Subscriber. 
Class A Notes Target Amount means,with respect to any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, 
the amount, determined by the Management Company on the Business Day following each Cut-Off 
Date, equal to the aggregate anticipated Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes on the 
such Payment Date taking into account:  
(a) 
any principal payments to be made with respect to existing Series of Class A Notes on such Payment 
Date (including the payments expected to be made with respect to the Series of Class A Notes with an 
Expected Maturity Date falling on such Payment Date and the payments due to the exercise of the 
Partial Amortisation Option on such Payment Date); and  
(b) 
any new Series of Class A Notes scheduled to be issued on such Payment Date,  
such Amount being, in any case, lower than or equal to the Class A Notes Maximum Amount. 
Class A Notes Transfer Fee means, with respect to each Payment Date, the product of:  
(a) 
the ratio of (x) the Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes over (y) aggregate of the 
Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes and of the Class B Loan at the beginning of the 
Interest Period ending on such Payment Date; and  
(b) 
the sum of (x) 1.00% and (y) the Applicable Reference Rate determined on the Interest Determination 
Date in relation to the Interest Period ending on such Payment Date. 
Class A Programme Notes means the senior asset-backed term notes to be issued on or after the 2022 Closing 
Date by the FCT pursuant to the FCT Regulations and governed, inter alia, by the section entitled "Terms and 
Conditions of the Class A Programme Notes" and part 2 of schedule 3 to the FCT Regulations. 
Class A2017-1 Notes means the senior asset-backed term notes issued on the Closing Date by the FCT pursuant 
to the FCT Regulations and governed, inter alia, by the terms and conditions set out in Part 1 of Schedule 3 to

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
the FCT Regulations.  
Class A20xx-y Noteholder means any holder of Class A20xx-y Notes. 
Class A20xx-y Noteholders General Meeting has the meaning ascribed to such term in Condition 11.2 
(Representation of the Class A20xx-y Noteholders). 
Class A20xx-y Notes means any Class A Programme Notes, issued in year "20xx" and corresponding to the 
Series number "y" of such year. 
Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Amount means with respect to any Payment Date and to a Class A20xx-y Note, the 
interest amount payable under such Class A20xx-y Note on such date, as being equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the relevant Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Rate;  
(ii) 
the principal outstanding amount of the relevant Class A20xx-y  Note prior to the payment, in 
accordance with the Priority of Payments, of any amount to the corresponding Class A20xx-y -
y Noteholder on such Payment Date, and 
(iii) 
the number of calendar days of the relevant Interest Period 
divided by the number of calendar days of the current calendar year and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards); and 
(b) 
any Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Amount due on any preceding Payment Date and remaining unpaid 
(without prejudice to the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event). 
Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Rate means, in respect of a given Payment Date, the rate of interest applicable to 
the Class A20xx-y Notes during the Interest Period ending on such Payment Date, which will be the sum of:  
(a) 
the Applicable Reference Rate as determined on the Interest Determination Date immediately 
preceding such Interest Period; and 
(b) 
the Relevant Margin. 
If that rate is less than zero, the Class A20xx-y Notes Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
Class A20xx-y Notes Issue Date means, in respect of a Series of Class A20xx-y Notes, the 2022 Closing Date or 
the Payment Date on which such Class A20xx-y Notes are issued. 
Class A20xx-y Notes Outstanding Amount means at any time the aggregate outstanding principal balance of a 
Class A20xx-y Note at that time. 
Class B Commitment means an amount equal to:  
(a) 
the Class B Loan Required Amount; or 
(b) 
such other amount as may be agreed between the Class B Lender and the FCT,  
in each case to the extent not cancelled, reduced or transferred under the Class B Loan Agreement. 
Class B Facility means the revolving credit facility made available under the Class B Loan Agreement as 
described in clause 2 (The Class B Facility) of the Class B Loan Agreement.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
Class B Lender means RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland. 
Class B Loan means a loan made or to be made under the Class B Facility or the principal amount outstanding 
for the time being of that loan. 
Class B Loan Agreement means the class B loan agreement entered into between the Management Company, 
the Class B Lender and the Seller on or about the Signing Date, as amended, supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time. 
Class B Loan Amortisation Amount means, on any Payment Date: 
(a) 
during the Revolving Period, the Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class B Loan on the preceding 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
during the Normal Amortisation Period, the lower of:  
(i) 
the Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class B Loan on the preceding Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
the excess of (A) the Normal Amortisation Amount on such Payment Date; over (B) the Class 
A Notes Amortisation Amount on such Payment Date; 
(c) 
during the Early Amortisation Period, zero for so long as the Class A Notes have not been redeemed 
in full and their principal amount reduced to zero and thereafter the Principal Outstanding Amount of 
the Class B Loan when the Class A Notes have been redeemed in full. 
Class B Loan Equivalent Partial Amortisation Amount means with respect to any Payment Date during the 
Revolving Period, an amount equal to (i) the Class A Notes Partial Amortisation Amount with respect to such 
Payment Date, (ii) divided by one (1) minus the Class B Loan Target Ratio on such Payment Date and (iii) 
multiplied by the Class B Loan Target Ratio on such Payment Date. Such amount will be rounded upwards to 
the nearest multiple of EUR 100,000. 
Class B Loan Interest Amount means the interest amounts due in respect of the outstanding Class B Loan 
on a Payment Date as calculated by the Management Company as set out in clause 7.3 of the Class B Loan 
Agreement. 
Class B Loan Interest Rate means 1.5 % per annum. 
Class B Loan Required Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, an 
amount as calculated by the Management Company on the Business Day following each Cut-Off Date, equal 
to the higher of: 
(a) 
the Class B Loan Target Amount with respect to such Payment Date; 
(b) 
the positive difference between (i) the Pool Balance on the Business Day following the Cut-Off Date 
immediately preceding such Payment Date (after the purchase of further Receivables, if any and as the 
case may be) and (ii) the aggregate Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes on such 
Payment Date taking into account any principal payments to be made with respect to existing series 
of Class A Notes on such Payment Date (including due to the exercise of the Partial Amortisation 
Option and any new Series of Class A notes scheduled to be issued on such Payment Date. Such 
amount will be rounded upwards to the nearest multiple of EUR 100,000. 
Class B Loan Required Decrease Amount means, on any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the 
amount calculated by the Management Company on the Business Day following each Cut-Off Date being 
equal to the excess (if any) of:

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
(a) 
the Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class B Loan as of the preceding Payment Date, over 
(b) 
the Class B Loan Required Amount as calculated by the Management Company with respect to such 
Payment Date. 
Class B Loan Required Increase Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date during the Revolving 
Period, the amount calculated by the Management Company on the Business Day following each Cut-Off Date 
being equal to the positive difference between: 
(a) 
the Class B Loan Required Amount as calculated by the Management Company with respect to such 
Payment Date; and 
(b) 
the Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class B Loan as of the preceding Payment Date (or the 
Closing Date for the computation to be made on the first Payment Date). 
Class B Loan Target Amount means, with respect to any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, an 
amount as calculated by the Management Company on the Business Day following each Cut-Off Date and 
rounded upwards to the nearest multiple of EUR 100,000, equal to (i) the Class A Notes Target Amount with 
respect to such Payment Date, (ii) divided by one (1) minus the Class B Loan Target Ratio with respect to such 
Payment Date, and (iii) multiplied by the Class B Loan Target Ratio on such Payment Date. 
Class B Loan Target Ratio means, with respect to any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the 
Required Credit Enhancement Percentage calculated by the Management Company on the Business Day 
following each Cut-Off Date. 
Class B Loan Transfer Fee means, with respect to each Payment Date, the product of:  
(a) 
the ratio of (x) the Principal Outstanding Amount of the outstanding Class B Loan over (y) the 
aggregate of the Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes and of the Class B Loan at the 
beginning of the Interest Period ending on such Payment Date; and 
(b) 
1.5%.  
Class B Loan Utilisation Amount means, on each Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the Class B 
Loan Required Amount.  
Clearstream Luxembourg means Clearstream Banking S.A., a société anonyme incorporated under, and 
governed by, the laws of Luxembourg, whose registered office is at 42 avenue J.F Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, registered with the Trade and Companies Register of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg under 
number B9248, as well as its successors and assigns. 
Closing Date means 25 July 2017. 
Code means the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Collection Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to and including 31 August 2017 
and each calendar month thereafter.  
Collections means, on each Business Day, an amount equal to the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the sum of all collections under Purchased Receivables which are Trade Receivables and collections 
of principal under Purchased Receivables which are Loan Receivables received by the Servicer and to 
be recorded in the Daily Servicer Report sent by the Servicer on this Business Day (such report relates, 
for the avoidance of doubt, to the movements from the previous Business Day);

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
(b) 
the FinanzPlus Deemed Collections received by the FCT on the due date therefore and are included in 
the Daily Servicer Report sent by the Servicer on this Business Day (such report relates, for the 
avoidance of doubt, to the movements from the previous Business Day); 
(c) 
the Recoveries under Defaulted Receivables received by the Servicer recorded in the Daily Servicer 
Report sent by the Servicer on this Business Day (such report relates, for the avoidance of doubt, to 
the movements from the previous Business Day); 
(d) 
the Deemed Collections recorded in the Daily Servicer Report sent by the Servicer on this Business 
Day (such report relates, for the avoidance of doubt, to the movements from the previous Business 
Day); 
(e) 
the proceeds from the Automatic Rescission of any Affected Receivable payable on such Business 
Day;  
(f) 
the proceeds from the exercise of the Re-Purchase Option by the Seller payable on such Business Day; 
minus principal amounts that the FCT is required to credit to the Dedicated Account in connection with direct 
debits of Collections which are rejected (as a result of a default of the corresponding Dealer or otherwise). 
Commerzbank means a German public stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) which is registered under HRB 
32000 in the commercial register (Handelsregister) at the local court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt, acting through 
its Düsseldorf branch whose registered office is at Breite Straße 25, 40213 Düsseldorf, Germany. 
Concentration Limit means any of the following concentration limits: 
(a) 
in respect of aggregate outstanding balance of Purchased Receivables that arise from the sale of Used 
Vehicles (including for the avoidance of doubt Buyback Vehicles and Former Company Vehicles): no 
more than 15% of the Target Pool Amount; 
(b) 
in respect of aggregate outstanding balance of Purchased Receivables that are obligations of a single 
Dealer or group of affiliated Dealers:  
(i) 
in respect of the largest single Dealer or group of affiliated Dealers, no more than 5% of the 
Target Pool Amount;  
(ii) 
in respect of the second largest single Dealer or group of affiliated Dealers, no more than 4%; 
(iii) 
in respect of the third largest single Dealer or group of affiliated Dealers, no more than 3%; 
(iv) 
in respect of the fourth to the eighth largest single Dealer or group of affiliated Dealers, no 
more than 2.75%; 
(v) 
in respect of the ninth to tenth largest single Dealer or group of affiliated Dealers, no more 
than 2.50% 
(vi) 
in respect of any other Dealer or group of affiliated Dealers, no more than 2%;  
(c) 
in respect of aggregate outstanding balance of Purchased Receivables that arise in connection with the 
sale of Spare Parts: no more than 5% of the Target Pool Amount. 
Conditions means the Class A Notes Conditions. A Condition refers to a particular condition. 
Conditions Precedent means the conditions precedent set out in schedule 2 (Conditions Precedent) to the 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
CRA Regulation means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended). 
Credit and Collection Policy means the policy and practices from time to time applied by the Seller, as set 
out in schedule 5 (Credit and Collection Policy) to the Servicing Agreement.  
CSDs means Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg. 
Custodian means Société Générale, acting through its Securities Services department, in its capacity as 
custodian of the FCT. 
Custodian Agreement means the custodian agreement entered into between the Management Company and 
the Custodian dated on or about the 2022 Amendment Signing Date. 
Cut-Off Date means in relation to each Collection Period the last calendar day of such Collection Period. 
Daily Management Report means the report to be provided by the Management Company to the Seller on 
each Purchase Date summarising the operations made on such Purchase Date in accordance with clause 6 
(Daily Management Report) of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Daily Servicer Report means the electronic file established by the Servicer in accordance with the form 
provided in schedule 1 (Form of Daily Servicer Report) of the Servicing Agreement and provided on each 
Business Day. This report summarises inter alia the cash movements and the events from the previous Business 
Day in relation to the Purchased Receivables currently held by the FCT and which have been purchased on 
previous Purchase Dates. 
Data Protection Agreement means the data protection agreement dated on or about the Signing Date, made 
between the Management Company, the Custodian, the Seller and the Data Protection Trustee, as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time. 
Data Protection Trustee means Société Générale, acting through its Securities Services department. 
DBRS means DBRS Ratings GmbH. 
DBRS Equivalent Rating means with respect to any issuer rating or senior unsecured debt rating (or other 
rating equivalent), (a) if public ratings by Fitch, Moody's and S&P are all available, (i) the remaining rating 
(upon conversion on the basis of the DBRS Equivalent Rating Table) once the highest and the lowest rating 
have been excluded or (ii) in the case of two or more same ratings, any of such ratings (upon conversion on 
the basis of the DBRS Equivalent Rating Table); (b) if the DBRS Equivalent Rating cannot be determined 
under paragraph (a) above, but public ratings by any two of Fitch, Moody's and S&P are available, the lower 
rating available (upon conversion on the basis of the DBRS Equivalent Rating Table); and (c) if the DBRS 
Equivalent Rating cannot be determined under paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) above, and therefore only a 
public rating by one of Fitch, Moody's and S&P is available, such rating will be the DBRS Equivalent Rating 
(upon conversion on the basis of the DBRS Equivalent Rating Table). 
DBRS Equivalent Rating Table means the table below: 
 
DBRS Equivalent Rating 
Moody’s 
S&P 
Fitch 
AAA 
Aaa 
AAA 
AAA 
AA (high) 
Aa1 
AA+ 
AA+ 
AA 
Aa2 
AA 
AA 
AA (low) 
Aa3 
AA- 
AA- 
A (high) 
A1 
A+ 
A+

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
A 
A2 
A 
A 
A (low) 
A3 
A- 
A- 
BBB (high) 
Baa1 
BBB+ 
BBB+ 
BBB 
Baa2 
BBB 
BBB 
BBB (low) 
Baa3 
BBB- 
BBB- 
BB (high) 
Ba1 
BB+ 
BB+ 
BB 
Ba2 
BB 
BB 
BB (low) 
Ba3 
BB- 
BB- 
B (high) 
B1 
B+ 
B+ 
B 
B2 
B 
B 
B (low) 
B3 
B- 
B- 
CCC (high) 
Caa1 
CCC+ 
CCC+ 
CC 
c 
CCC 
Caa2 
CCC 
CCC (low) 
Caa3 
CCC- 
CC 
Ca 
CC 
C 
D 
C 
D 
D 
Dealer means any car dealer or car workshop dealer which is a member of the Renault Germany and/or Nissan 
Germany, resident in Germany and the obligor of a Receivable. 
Dealer Agreement means any of the RCI Renault Dealer Agreements, the RCI Nissan Dealer Agreements 
and the Manufacturer Dealer Agreements. 
Dealers Eligibility Criteria means the criteria for Eligible Dealers as set out in part 2 of schedule 1 of the 
FCT Regulations and part 2 (Dealers Eligibility Criteria) of schedule 1 (Eligibility Criteria) of the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Decryption Key means the decryption keys to be delivered by the Seller to the Data Protection Trustee 
pursuant to the terms of the Data Protection Agreement. 
Dedicated Account means the bank account opened in the name of the Pledgor with the Dedicated Account 
Bank and which is a dedicated bank account (compte spécialement affecté) in accordance with Articles L. 214-
173 and D. 214-228 of the Code, with the following references:  
IBAN: 
DE33 37040044 0500220900 
swift-code: 
COBADEFF370 
including any and all present and future sub-accounts (Unterkonten), renewals, replacements and 
redesignations thereof. 
Dedicated Account Agreement means the dedicated account agreement dated on or about the Signing Date, 
between the Servicer, the Account Holder, the Management Company, the Custodian and the Dedicated 
Account Bank, as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time. 
Dedicated Account Bank means Commerzbank (acting through its Cologne branch).

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Dedicated Account Bank Required Ratings means, with respect to the Dedicated Account Bank and any 
successor thereto, the following cumulative rating criteria:  
(a) 
either (x) a short-term, unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations rating of at least 
P-1 by Moody’s or (y) a long-term bank deposit rating of at least Baa3 by Moody’s; and  
(b) 
(i) 
if the Dedicated Account Bank or its successor is rated by DBRS, a Critical Obligations Rating 
(hereafter a COR) of at least BBB (high) by DBRS, or if a COR from DBRS is not available, 
a long-term, senior unsecured debt rating of BBB (high) by DBRS (either by way of public 
rating, or in its absence, by way of private rating supplied by DBRS); or 
(ii) 
if the Dedicated Account Bank or its successor is not rated by DBRS, a DBRS Equivalent 
Rating at least equal to BBB by DBRS. 
Deemed Collections means the amount that the Seller or the Servicer is deemed to have received under clause 
4.4 (Payment of Deemed Collections) of the Servicing Agreement. 
Defaulted Receivable means any Receivable: 
(a) 
which has been written-off as uncollectible by the Servicer in accordance with its servicing procedures, 
i.e. in case of the Seller being the Servicer in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy; or 
(b) 
in respect of which an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Dealer in respect of such Receivable; 
or 
(c) 
in respect of which the Dealer is classified in the Seller’s records as one of the following: 
(i) 
Warning (or equivalently Caris Note 8) corresponding to a Code Phase = “1” and Code 
Surveillance = “A”  
(ii) 
Default (or equivalently Caris Note 9) corresponding to a Code Phase = ”2” and Code 
Surveillance = “C” 
(iii) 
Pre-warning (or equivalently Caris Note 7) corresponding to a Code Phase = “3” and Code 
Surveillance = “P”. 
Demo Vehicle means a New Vehicle used as demonstration vehicle by the Dealer and which is registered in 
the name of the Dealer (while New Vehicles which are not Demo Vehicles are not yet registered). 
Dilution means any decrease in the nominal amount of a Purchased Receivable other than by the payment of 
collections by cash, bank transfer, check, automatic debit or a combination of these means of payments or by 
way of a FinanzPlus Deemed Collection (to the extent that such collection has been received by the FCT on 
the due date therefore). Dilutions include any decrease resulting from the Seller, the Servicer or any 
Manufacturer issuing any discount, premium, bonus or credit note in respect of the Receivable or any set-off 
being agreed by, or declared by the relevant Dealer against, the Seller, the Servicer or any Manufacturer 
(including resulting from any current account relationship relating to debts owed by the Manufacturer or the 
Seller to the Dealer and the debt owed by the Dealer under the Receivable) or by operation of law or a judicial 
decision. 
Early Amortisation Event means any of the following events, subject to applicable remedy periods and 
materiality tests (if any) and without limitation: 
(a) 
an Insolvency Event in respect of a Manufacturer;  
(b) 
a Seller or Servicer Termination Event;

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
(c) 
any payment obligation of the FCT becomes ineffective or unenforceable, except if this event is 
remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days, or any other provision of any Transaction Document 
becomes ineffective or unenforceable except if this event is remedied within thirty (30) calendar days; 
(d) 
the FCT fails to pay interest accrued under any Class A Note, if not remedied within three (3) Business 
Days; 
(e) 
the FCT fails to pay principal under any Class A Note on the Legal Final Maturity Date;  
(f) 
the Class B Lender fails to fund any Class B Loan Required Increase Amount on a Payment Date; 
(g) 
the Seller fails to fund the General Reserve Increase Amount on a Payment Date;  
(h) 
an Asset-Liability Trigger Event;  
(i) 
a Pool Payment Rate Trigger Event; 
(j) 
an Excess Cash Event (only during Revolving Period);  
(k) 
it becomes unlawful for the Class B Lender to perform any of its obligations as contemplated by the 
Class B Loan Agreement or to fund or maintain the Class B Loan; 
(l) 
at any time, the Management Company becomes aware that, for more than 30 calendar days, either of 
the Custodian, the FCT Account Bank or the Servicer is not in a position to comply with or perform 
its obligations or undertakings under the terms of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, 
for any reason whatsoever (including the withdrawal of a relevant licence or authorisation) and the 
relevant entity has not been replaced in accordance with the provisions of the FCT Regulations and/or 
of the relevant Transaction Document, as applicable; and 
(m) 
at any time, the Custodian becomes aware that, for more than 30 calendar days, the Management 
Company is not in a position to comply with or perform its obligations or undertakings under the terms 
of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, for any reason whatsoever (including the 
withdrawal of the relevant licence or authorisation) and it has not been replaced in accordance with 
the provisions of the FCT Regulations. 
Early Amortisation Period means the period from the day following the occurrence of an Early Amortisation 
Event to the earlier of (i) the Payment Date on which the Class A Notes and the outstanding Class B Loan are 
redeemed in full, (ii) the Legal Final Maturity Date, and (iii) the day (excluded) on which a Liquidation Notice 
is served. 
Early Amortisation Priority of Payments means the priority of payments set out in clause 15.3 (Early 
Amortisation Priority of Payments) of the FCT Regulations. 
Eligibility Criteria means the Dealers Eligibility Criteria and the Receivables Eligibility Criteria. 
Eligible Bank means a credit institution duly licensed under the laws and regulations of France or of any other 
Member State of the European Economic Area (Espace Economique Européen), which has the FCT Account 
Bank Required Ratings (in the context of the replacement of the FCT Account Bank) or the Dedicated Account 
Bank Required Ratings (in the context of the replacement of the Dedicated Account Bank). 
Eligible Dealer means each Dealer which satisfies the Dealers Eligibility Criteria. 
Eligible Investment Required Ratings means, with respect to any Eligible Investments: 
(a) 
a short term rating of R-1(low) or a long term rating of BBB(high) by DBRS; and

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
(b) 
a short-term rating of P-1 by Moody's. 
Eligible Investments means any of the following investment: 
(a) 
Euro-denominated cash deposits (dépôts en espèces) with a credit institution whose registered office 
is located in a member state of the European Economic Area or the Organisation for Economic 
Cooperation and Development, which can be repaid or withdrawn at any time on demand by the 
Management Company, acting for and on behalf of the FCT, having at least the Eligible Investment 
Required Ratings and scheduled to mature at least one (1) Business Day prior to the next Payment 
Date; 
(b) 
Euro-denominated French Treasury bonds (bons du Trésor) having a maturity date which is at least 
one (1) Business Day prior to the next Payment Date; 
(c) 
Euro-denominated debt securities referred to in with Article R. 214-217-2° of the Code and which 
represent a monetary claim against the relevant issuer (titres de créances représentant chacun un droit 
de créance sur l’entité qui les émet) provided that such debt securities (i) are negotiated on a regulated 
market located in a member state of the European Economic Area but provided also that such debt 
securities do not give a right of access directly or indirectly to the share capital of a company, (ii) are 
rated at least at the level the Eligible Investment Required Ratings and (iii) such debt securities are 
scheduled to mature at least one (1) Business Day prior to the next Payment Date; provided that any 
such Euro-denominated debt securities shall be limited to constituting no more than 5% of an amount 
equal to the sum of (A) the Purchased Receivables, (B) the FCT Available Cash and (C) the Eligible 
Investments, as at the date of acquisition or subscription thereof; 
(d) 
Euro-denominated negotiable debt securities (titres de créances négociables) which are rated at least 
at the level of the Eligible Investment Required Ratings; or 
(e) 
Euro-denominated shares (actions) or units (parts) issued by UCITS (organismes de placement 
collectif en valeurs mobilières), whose assets are invested in debt securities mentioned in points 3 and 
4 above and rated Aaa-mf or above by Moody’s, 
provided always that (i) the investment rules described above be complied with and (ii) the Eligible 
Investments described above shall never consist in whole or in part, actually or potentially, of credit-
linked notes, synthetic securities or similar claims resulting from the transfer of credit risk by means 
of credit derivatives, swaps or tranches of other asset-backed securities or any other excluded 
instrument specified in the European Central Bank monetary policy regulations applicable from time 
to time. 
Eligible Receivable means each Receivable which satisfies the Receivable Eligibility Cqriteria on the relevant 
Purchase Date. 
Encumbrances means any mortgage, charge, pledge, security assignment, lien or other encumbrance securing 
any obligation of any Person or any other type of preferential arrangement (including title transfer for security 
purposes and title retention arrangements) having a similar effect. 
EURIBOR means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money Market Institute (or 
any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period. The EURIBOR rate 
is published by the Reuters service on the Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 Page (or such other page as may replace 
Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 Page for the purpose of displaying such information or if that service ceases to 
display such information, such page as displays such information on such equivalent service) at or about 11:00 
a.m. (Paris time) on such Business Day.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
EURIBOR Reference Rate means the one-month EURIBOR (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the 
annual interest rate resulting from the linear interpolation of one-month EURIBOR and two-month 
EURIBOR). 
Euroclear means (a) Euroclear France S.A., a société anonyme incorporated under, and governed by, the laws 
of France, whose registered office is at 66 rue de la Victoire, 75002 Paris, France, registered with the Trade 
and Companies Register of Paris (France) under number 542 058 086 as central depository, and (b) Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V., a société anonyme incorporated under, and governed by, the laws of Belgium, whose 
registered office is at 1 Boulevard du Roi, Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, registered with the Banque-
Carrefour des Entreprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen) of Belgium under number 0429.875.591 as 
operator of the Euroclear system. 
Euros or EUR means the single currency unit of the member States of the European Union that have adopted 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 
25 March 1957) and amended by the Treaty on the European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992). 
Excess Cash Event means, with respect to any Payment Date, as determined on the Business Day following 
each Cut-Off Date and as deemed to occur on one Business Day before the immediately preceding Calculation 
Date, for the fourth (4th) consecutive Payment Date, the Cash Proportion with respect to such Payment Date 
exceeds thirty-five (35) per cent of the aggregate of (x) the Class A Notes Target Amount and (y) the Class B 
Loan Required Amount with respect to the immediately following Payment Date. 
Expected Maturity Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of each Class A20xx-y Note, the Payment Date specified in the relevant Issue Document which 
is the date on which such Class A20xx-y Note is expected to mature, and which shall fall at the latest on 
the 60th Payment Date following the Issue Date of such Class A20xx-y Note;  and 
(b) 
in respect of a Class B Loan, the Payment Date specified in the relevant Utilisation Request to be the 
date on which such Class B Loan is expected to mature.  
Extraordinary Resolution means, in respect of the Class A Noteholders, a resolution passed at a Class A20xx-
y Noteholders General Meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the FCT.  
Face Amount means, in respect of each Loan Receivable and Trade Receivable, the outstanding amount in 
EUR in respect of such Receivable as set out in the latest Invoice issued to the relevant Dealer for that 
Receivable prior to the Offer comprising such Receivable, including any VAT (payable by the relevant Dealer 
if applicable). 
Factoring Agreement means each of (i) the factoring agreement between Renault Germany and RCI Banque 
Niederlassung Deutschland with respect to the sale of certain Receivables and Spare Parts dated 16 October/ 
18 December 2017, and (ii) the factoring agreement between Nissan Germany and RCI Banque Niederlassung 
Deutschland dated 30 January / 2 February 2009 with respect to Spare Parts of “Nissan”. 
FCT means the French securitisation mutual fund (fonds commun de titrisation) named Cars Alliance DFP 
Germany 2017 jointly established by the Management Company and the Custodian and governed by the 
provisions of Articles L. 214-168 to L. 214-190 and R. 214-217 to R. 214-240 of the Code and by the FCT 
Regulations. 
FCT Account means any of the following accounts: 
(a) 
the General Account; and 
(b) 
the General Reserve Account.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
and FCT Accounts means all of them.  
FCT Account and Cash Management Agreement means the FCT account and cash management agreement 
dated on or about the Signing Date, made between the Management Company, the FCT Account Bank and the 
FCT Cash Manager, as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time. 
FCT Account Bank means Société Générale, acting through its branch Paris Centre Entreprises, or any 
successor thereto in accordance with or subject to the terms of the Transaction Documents. 
FCT Account Bank Required Ratings means, with respect to the FCT Account Bank and any successor 
thereto, the following cumulative rating criteria: 
(a) 
either (x) a short-term, unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations rating of at least 
P-2 by Moody’s or (y) a long-term bank deposit rating of at least Baa1(cr) by Moody’s;  
(b) 
(i) 
if the FCT Account Bank or its successor is rated by DBRS, a Critical Obligations Rating 
(hereafter a COR) of at least BBB (high) by DBRS, or if a COR from DBRS is not available, 
a long-term, senior unsecured debt rating of BBB (high) by DBRS (either by way of public 
rating, or in its absence, by way of private rating supplied by DBRS); or 
(ii) 
if the FCT Account Bank or its successor is not rated by DBRS, a DBRS Equivalent Rating at 
least equal to BBB by DBRS,  
or such other rating as determined to be applicable or agreed by each relevant Rating Agency as being the 
minimum ratings that are required to support the then rating of the Class A Notes. 
FCT Cash Manager means Société Générale, acting through its branch Paris Centre Entreprises, or any 
successor thereto in accordance with or subject to the terms of the Transaction Documents. 
FCT Expenses means the Servicing Fee, all expenses and fees due to the Management Company, the 
Custodian, the Statutory Auditor, the Data Protection Trustee, the FCT Account Bank, the FCT Cash Manager, 
the Registrar, the Listing Agent, the Paying Agent and such other fees and expenses as may be reasonably 
incurred for the operation or the liquidation of the FCT, or in relation to a change of Servicer (including without 
limitation, expenses incurred in connection with the notification of debtors), or in relation to the Class A Notes, 
and in particular the annual fee payable to each Class A Noteholders Representative, if any, and all reasonable 
expenses relating to any notice and publication made in accordance with Condition 9 (Notice to Class A 
Noteholders) to the FCT Regulations of the Class A Notes or incurred in the operation of each Masse, including 
reasonable expenses relating to the calling and holding of Class A20xx-y Notes Noteholders General Meetings, 
and all reasonable administrative expenses resolved upon by a Class20xx-y A Notes Noteholders General 
Meeting. The FCT Expenses include, inter alia, the Scheduled FCT Fees. 
FCT Investor means any Class A Noteholder, the Class B Lender or any Residual Unitholder; and FCT 
Investors means all of them. 
FCT Liquidation Date means the date on which the Management Company liquidates the FCT upon the 
assignment and transfer in whole of the outstanding Purchased Receivables in a single transaction, following 
the occurrence of an FCT Liquidation Event as set out in clause 20 (Liquidation) of the FCT Regulations. 
FCT Liquidation Event means any of the following events in respect of the FCT, subject to applicable remedy 
periods and materiality tests (if any): 
(a) 
liquidation (i) is in the interest of the holders of the Class A Notes, if required by all the Class A 
Noteholders or (ii) in case of no outstanding Class A Notes, in the interest of the Class B Lender, if 
required by the Class B Lender;

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
(b) 
all Residual Units and all Class A Notes are held by one single holder and such holder requests the 
liquidation of the FCT;  
(c) 
the last outstanding Purchased Receivable has been prepaid or repaid in full or written-off; and 
(d) 
it is or will become unlawful for the FCT to perform or comply with any of its material obligations 
under the Class A Notes, the Class B Loan or any Transaction Document to which it is a party. 
FCT Liquidation Surplus means any amount standing to the credit of any FCT Account following the 
liquidation of the FCT and the payment of principal, interest, expenses, commissions and any other amount 
due by the FCT under the Transaction Documents. 
FCT Net Principal Payment means, on any Business Day after the Closing Date, the positive difference 
between (i) the FCT Principal Payment and (ii) the Servicer Principal Payment on such Business Day. For the 
avoidance of doubt, on any Purchase Date during the Revolving Period, the FCT Net Principal Payment shall 
be payable by the FCT after receipt by the Servicer of a Purchase Acceptance File. 
FCT Principal Payment means, on any Business Day after the Closing Date: 
(a) 
if such Business Day is a Purchase Date, the aggregate Purchase Price of the Receivables to be 
purchased by the FCT on such Business Day, 
(b) 
otherwise, zero. 
FCT Regulations means the regulations of the FCT dated on or about the Signing Date, made between the 
Management Company and the Custodian. 
File means, for any Purchased Receivable and the corresponding Ancillary Rights and Related Security: 
(a) 
all agreements, correspondence, notes, instruments, books, books of account, registers, records and 
any other information and documents relating thereto (including, without limitation, computer 
programmes, tapes or discs) in possession of the Seller or delivered by the Seller to the Servicer, if 
applicable;  
(b) 
the original vehicle registration certificate (Zulassungsbescheinigung Teil II) for the Financed Vehicle;  
(c) 
the Receivables Contract; and 
(d) 
the Dealer Agreement, 
(e) 
relating to the said Purchased Receivable and to the corresponding Dealers. 
Final Terms means the document to be prepared by the Management Company in relation to the issue of any 
further Class A Programme Notes substantially in the form set out in the Section entitled "Form of Final 
Terms" on page 161. 
Financed Asset means either the Financed Vehicle or the Financed Spare Parts, as applicable. 
Financed Spare Parts means the Spare Parts which are sold pursuant to the respective Sales Contract. 
Financed Vehicle means any Vehicle which is either (i) financed pursuant to the respective Loan Contract, or 
(ii) sold pursuant to the respective Sales Contract. 
Financial Obligations means all present and future payment obligations of the Seller towards the FCT under 
clause 18 (Recourse against non-payment under the Purchased Receivables) of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
FinanzPlus Account means the account in place between the Seller and each Dealer which is used for the 
settlement of payments between the Seller and certain other entities on the one side and the Dealer on the other 
side. 
FinanzPlus Deemed Collection means, if the nominal amount of a Purchased Receivable decreases (in full 
or in part) as a result of the daily set-off effected with respect to amounts booked to the Seller’s FinanzPlus 
Account of the Dealer on such date, an amount equal to such reduction which amount the Seller shall be 
required to pay to the FCT.  
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
Former Company Vehicle means a Used Vehicle of “Renault”, “Nissan”, “Dacia” and “Alpine” make which 
has been used by the relevant Manufacturer and then sold by such Manufacturer to a Dealer. 
French Civil Code means the French Code civil.  
French Commercial Code means the French Code de commerce. 
General Account means the account designated as such with account number 00003 585459 with the FCT 
Account Bank, with IBAN: FR76 30003 03620 00003 58545919 and operated under the account name 
“General Account” in the name of the FCT or such other account or accounts as may be added thereto or 
substituted therefore.] 
General Reserve means a cash deposit in an amount equal to the Required General Reserve Amount funded 
on the General Reserve Account on the Closing Date. 
General Reserve Account means the bank account of the FCT opened with the FCT Account Bank which is 
credited and debited as set out in the FCT Regulations. 
General Reserve Agreement means the general reserve deposit agreement dated on or about the Signing 
Date, made between the Seller, the Management Company, the FCT Account Bank and the FCT Cash 
Manager, as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time. 
General Reserve Decrease Amount means, on each Payment Date, an amount equal to positive difference, 
if any, between: 
(a) 
the credit balance of the General Reserve Account on such Payment Date before the transfer referred 
to in clause 4(b)(i) of the General Reserve Agreement; and 
(b) 
the Required General Reserve Amount on such Payment Date. 
General Reserve Estimated Balance means, on any Calculation Date, the amount determined by the 
Management Company that is expected to stand to the General Reserve Account on the Payment Date 
immediately following such Calculation Date, taking into account any debit and credit expected to be made on 
such Payment Date by the Management Company in accordance with clause 2 (The Required General Reserve 
Amount) of the General Reserve Agreement and the relevant Priority of Payments, assuming that no further 
deposit will be made by the Seller on the General Reserve Account on or prior to such Payment Date. 
General Reserve Increase Amount means, on each Payment Date, an amount equal to positive difference, if 
any, between: 
(a) 
the Required General Reserve Amount on such Payment Date;

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
(b) 
the credit balance of the General Reserve Account on such Payment Date before the transfer to be 
made on such date referred to in clause 2 (The Required General Reserve Amount) of the General 
Reserve Agreement. 
German Account Pledge Agreement means the German account pledge agreement dated on or about the 
Signing Date, made between the Management Company, the Custodian and the Pledgor, as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time. 
German Commercial Code means the German Handelsgesetzbuch. 
German Insolvency Code means the German Insolvenzordnung (InsO). 
Insolvency Event means: 
(a) 
with respect to any Person or entity incorporated or having its centre of main interests in Germany: 
(i) 
that such Person or entity is over-indebted (überschuldet) or unable to pay its debts 
(zahlungsunfähig) or such situation is imminent (drohende Zahlungsunfähigkeit); or 
(ii) 
(A) a petition has been filed for the opening of insolvency proceedings against such Person or 
entity (Antrag auf Eröffnung des Insolvenzverfahrens) by itself or a third party (in case of a 
filing by a third party unless such filing is obviously frivolous or vexatious and has been 
dismissed within 20 days after filing) or (B) a competent court has instituted insolvency 
proceedings against such Person or entity (Eröffnung des Insolvenzverfahrens) or (C) the 
institution of an insolvency proceeding in relation to such Person or entity was rejected 
because of lack of assets (Abweisung mangels Masse); and 
(b) 
with respect to any Person or entity incorporated or having its centre of main interests in France: 
(i) 
it is insolvent or unable to pay its debts as they fall due (including without limitation en état 
de cessation des paiements as defined in Article L. 631-1 of the French Commercial Code); 
or  
(ii) 
those actions have been taken or legal proceedings have been commenced or are threatened 
or are pending for: 
(iii) 
its winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, administration or reorganisation (including without 
limitation a redressement judiciaire, cession totale de l'entreprise, liquidation judiciaire or 
procédure de sauvegarde under Articles L. 620-1 to L. 644-6 of the French Commercial 
Code); or 
(iv) 
it to make a general assignment or enter into any composition proceedings or arrangement 
with or for the benefit of its creditors in respect of, or affecting all or any material part of, its 
debts; or  
(v) 
the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, trustee or similar officer in respect of 
it or any of its property, undertaking or asset; and 
(c) 
with respect to any Person or entity incorporated in a jurisdiction other than Germany or France or 
having its centre of main interests outside of Germany or France, any event under the applicable laws 
of any jurisdiction which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (i) and (ii). 
Interest Determination Date means two Business Days prior to (i) the Closing Date in respect of the first 
Interest Period, and (ii) any Payment Date beginning the Interest Period in respect of each successive Interest 
Period.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
Interest Period means in respect of the Class A Notes and any Class B Loan, as applicable, the period between 
two Payment Dates (the first one being included and the second one being excluded). By exception, the first 
Interest Period shall start on the Closing Date (included) and end on the first Payment Date (excluded). 
Investment Rules means the rules defined under schedule 1 of the FCT Account and Cash Management 
Agreement under which the FCT Cash Manager shall arrange for the investment of sum standing from time to 
time at the credit of the FCT Accounts (except for the sums corresponding to the Principal Buffer Amount). 
Invoice means (i) with regard to a Trade Receivable any invoice issued to a Dealer by Renault Germany or 
Nissan Germany, and (ii) with regard to a Loan Receivable any documentation between the Seller and the 
Dealer evidencing the Loan Contract and, inter alia, setting out the outstanding amount of the relevant 
Receivable owed by such Dealer.  
Issue Date means (i) the Closing Date and (ii) each Payment Date, falling during the Revolving Period on or 
after the 2022 Closing Date, on which a Series of Class A Programme Notes are issued.  
Issue Document means, with respect to the Class A Notes and the Residual Units, the relevant issue document 
in the form set out in schedule 5 (Form of Issue Documents) to the FCT Regulations. 
Legal Final Maturity Date means, in respect of all Class A Notes and the Class B Loan, the Payment Date 
falling in August 2031 or any other date to be mutually agreed between the Seller, the Class A Noteholders 
and the Class B Lender.  
Liquidation Notice means has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 20.1 (Procedure) of the FCT 
Regulations. 
Liquidation Period means the period from the day (included) on which a Liquidation Notice is served to the 
FCT Liquidation Date (included). 
Loan Contract means each single (i) loan agreement (Darlehensvertrag) and (ii) extension agreement 
(Stundungsvereinbarung) regarding a Trade Receivable, in each case entered into between the Seller and a 
Dealer for the financing of a Vehicle, under which a Loan Receivable arises. 
Loan Receivable means any liability of a Dealer for: 
(a) 
repayment of principal under a Loan Contract, and 
(b) 
in case of an extension agreement (Stundungsvereinbarung) relating to a Trade Receivable, payment 
of purchase price (including, for the avoidance of doubt, interest in respect of late payment and 
penalties) to the Seller under a Loan Contract, and/or 
(c) 
any other amount which a Dealer owes to the Seller in accordance with a Loan Contract, including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, interest in respect of late payment and penalties in respect of principal, 
(d) 
but except for regular interest to be paid under a Loan Contract. 
Management Company means Paris Titrisation, a société par actions simplifiée à associé unique incorporated 
in France, licensed by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers as a société de gestion de portefeuille, whose, 
registered office is located at 17 Cours Valmy, 92972, Paris La Defense Cedex, France, registered with the 
Trade and Companies Register of Bobigny under number 379 014 095. 
Manufacturer Dealer Agreements means the Nissan Manufacturer Dealer Agreement and the Renault 
Manufacturer Dealer Agreement.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
Manufacturers means either Renault Deutschland AG (“Renault Germany”) or Nissan Center Europe 
GmbH (“Nissan Germany”), as applicable, and Manufacturer means any of them. 
Masse has the meaning given to such term in Condition 10.1 (the Masse) in respect of the Class A Notes 
Conditions. 
Master Definitions Agreement means the master definitions agreement dated on or about the Signing Date, 
between, inter alia, the Management Company, the Custodian, the Seller and Servicer, the FCT Account Bank 
and FCT Cash Manager, the Data Protection Trustee, the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Lender and the 
Arranger. 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement means the master receivables purchase agreement dated on or 
about the Signing Date, between, inter alia, the Management Company and the Seller, as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time. 
Maximum Optional Partial Amortisation Amount means on the Business Day following a Cut-Off Date, 
the amount (rounded downwards to the nearest EUR 100,000 multiple) equal to positive difference between: 
(a) 
the Class A Notes Target Amount determined without taking into account the potential exercise of a 
Partial Amortisation Option on such following Payment Date, divided by (y) one (1) minus the Class 
B Loan Target Ratio calculated on the Business Day following the corresponding Cut-Off Date; and  
(b) 
(i) 
the Pool Balance on the Business Day following the Cut-Off Date (after the purchase of further 
Receivables, if any and as the case may be), plus 
(ii) 
the cumulative aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables that have become 
Defaulted Receivables during the Collection Period ending on such Cut-Off Date less the 
proceeds from the exercise of the Re-Purchase Option and of the Automatic Rescission in 
relation to these Defaulted Receivables.  
Monthly File means the file in the form set out in schedule 10 of the Servicing Agreement. 
Monthly Investor Report means the monthly investor report in the form set out in schedule 7 (Form of 
Monthly Investor Report) to the FCT Regulations, subject to any modification agreed between the Seller, the 
Management Company, the Custodian and the Class A Noteholders, including without limitation those 
modifications which would be required in order to comply with the EU Regulation No. 1060/2009 on rating 
agencies (as amended from time to time). 
Monthly Pool Payment Rate means, with respect to any Collection Period, the percentage equivalent 
(calculated by the Management Company) of a fraction (a) the numerator of which is the aggregate amount of 
Collections (excluding items (c), (e), (f) and the Dilutions (which are identified as “APR” in the Daily Servicer 
Report and part of item (d)) of the definition of Collections) during such Collection Period and (b) the 
denominator of which is the Pool Balance at the beginning such Collection Period (before any purchase to be 
made on such Purchase Date). 
Moody's means Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. or any successor in its rating activity. 
Negative Ratings Action means, in relation to the current ratings assigned to the Class A Notes by any Rating 
Agency, (a) a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the ratings assigned to the Class A Notes by such Rating 
Agency or (b) such Rating Agency placing the Class A Notes on rating watch negative (or equivalent). 
New Vehicle means a new factory built passenger car or light utility vehicle whose brand entered into the 
original vehicle registration certificate (Zulassungsbescheinigung Teil II) is "Renault", "Dacia", "Alpine" or 
"Nissan" (including Demo Vehicles).

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
Nissan Manufacturer Dealer Agreement means any agreement entered into from time to time between 
Nissan Germany and a Dealer setting out their respective rights and obligations. 
Normal Amortisation Amount means, on any Payment Date during the Normal Amortisation Period, an 
amount equal to the excess (if any) of: 
(a) 
the aggregate Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes and of the Class B Loan on the 
preceding Payment Date; over 
(b) 
the Pool Balance on the Business Day immediately following the Cut-Off Date immediately preceding 
such Payment Date (after the purchase of further Receivables, if any and as the case may be). 
Normal Amortisation Period means, the period from the end of the Revolving Period to the earlier of (i) the 
Payment Date on which the Class A Notes and the outstanding Class B Loan are redeemed in full, (ii) the 
Legal Final Maturity Date, and (iii) the day of the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event or the day 
(excluded) on which a Liquidation Notice is served. 
Normal Amortisation Priority of Payments means the Priority of Payment set out in clause 15.2 (Normal 
Amortisation Priority of Payments) of the FCT Regulations. 
Note Rate Maintenance Adjustment means the adjustment (which may be positive or negative) which the 
Management Company or the Alternative Benchmark Rate Determination Agent proposes to make (if any) to 
the margin payable on the Class A Notes which are the subject of the Benchmark Rate Modification in order 
to, so far as reasonably and commercially practicable, preserve what would have been the expected rate of 
interest applicable to the Class A Notes had no such Benchmark Rate Modification been effected. Any Note 
Rate Maintenance Adjustment shall take into account any note rate maintenance adjustment mechanisms 
endorsed by the ECB or ESMA or their sponsored committees or bodies, or mechanisms that have become 
generally accepted market practice. 
Notice of Control means the notice addressed by the Management Company to the Dedicated Account Bank, 
with a copy to the Servicer, pursuant to clause 5.1 of the Dedicated Account Agreement and in the form of 
schedule 2 (Form of Notice of Control) to the Dedicated Account Agreement. 
Notification Letter means the letter to be addressed to the Dealers to notify them of the transfer of Purchased 
Receivables owed by them to the FCT, substantially in the form set out in schedule 7 (Form of Notification 
Letter) to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Offer has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3 (Offer to transfer) of the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
Offer Date means each Business Day on which an Offer is made by the Seller. 
Offer File has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3 (Offer to transfer) of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
Optional Partial Amortisation Event means, for so long as no Early Amortisation Event which is not an 
Excess Cash Event has occurred, in relation to any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the fact that on 
any Business Day following a Cut-Off Date, the Maximum Optional Partial Amortisation Amount exceeds 
€1,000,000. 
Outstanding Balance means, on any Business Day: 
(a) 
in relation to any Purchased Receivable (other than a Defaulted Receivable), the Face Amount as at 
its Purchase Date less any Collections relating to such Purchased Receivable since its Purchase Date; 
and

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
(b) 
in relation to any Purchased Receivable which is a Defaulted Receivable, zero. 
Partial Amortisation Option means the option given to the Seller to request the partial amortisation of the 
Class A Notes and the Class B Loan further to the occurrence of an Optional Partial Amortisation Event in 
accordance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents. 
Partial Amortisation Option Day means the first Business Day of a Collection Period. 
Paying Agency Agreement means the agreement dated on or about the Signing Date, between the 
Management Company, the Paying Agent and the FCT Account Bank, as amended, supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time. 
Paying Agent means Société Générale, acting through its Securities Services department, and any successor 
thereto in accordance with and subject to the Transaction Documents. . 
Payment Date means the 17th calendar day of each calendar month, subject to Business Day Convention, 
provided that the first Payment Date was on the 17th day, subject to Business Day Convention, of the month 
following the first Issue Date. 
Payment Instruction means the written instructions of the Management Company to the FCT Account Bank 
(with copy to the Custodian). 
Person means any person, individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or 
any association, trust, joint venture, consortium, partnership or other entity (whether or not having separate 
legal personality). 
Personal Data means any personal data which are protected under applicable data protection laws relating to 
receivables, the related Ancillary Rights or Related Security. 
Personal Data File means an encrypted personal data file containing (i) the names and the addresses of the 
Dealers and (ii) the names and addresses of any guarantor or any third party, if any, which has provided security 
which forms part of the Related Security, provided under the file format specified in schedule 5 of the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement and in schedule 7 (Form of Personal Data File) of the Servicing Agreement. 
Pledgee means the FCT.  
Pledgor means RCI Banque Niederlassung Deutschland, a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of 
France, whose registered office is at 15, rue d’Uzès, 975002 Paris, France, registered with the Trade and 
Companies Register of Paris under number 306 523 358, licensed as a credit institution in France by the 
Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution, acting through its branch located at Jagenbergstrasse 1, 41468 
Neuss, Germany and registered under HRB 10653 in the commercial register of Neuss.  
Pool means, on any date, all outstanding Purchased Receivables held by the FCT. 
Pool Balance means, on any Business Day, an amount equal to the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all the 
outstanding Purchased Receivables. 
Pool Payment Rate Trigger Event means, in respect of any Payment Date, the 3M Average Monthly Pool 
Payment Rate is less than 25%. The Management Company will assess this event on each Calculation Date 
starting from November 2017. 
Principal Accumulation Amount means, on any Business Day, an amount equal to the difference between 
(i) the credit balance of the Principal Ledger on such Business Day and (ii) the Principal Buffer Amount on 
such Business Day.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
Principal Buffer Amount means, on any Business Day, an amount equal to: 
(a) 
during the Revolving Period, the lesser of: 
(i) 
the positive difference between (a) the Target Pool Amount on such Purchase Date, and (b) 
the Pool Balance on such Business Day (after the purchase of further Receivables, if any and 
as the case may be), and 
(ii) 
the credit balance of the Principal Ledger on such Business Day (after the credit/debit 
movements, if any and as the case may be); and 
(b) 
after the end of the Revolving Period, zero (0). 
Principal Ledger means, a ledger of the General Account used to record the cash movements in respect of 
principal under the Purchased Receivables. 
On the Closing Date, the Principal Ledger was: 
(a) 
credited with the proceeds from the issuance of the Class A Notes; 
(b) 
credited with the funds borrowed under the initial Class B Loan; and 
(c) 
debited with the aggregate Purchase Price of the Receivables to be purchased by the FCT on such date.  
After the Closing Date, the Principal Ledger will be sequentially:  
(a) 
on each Payment Date,  
(i) 
debited by any amount equal to the Principal Accumulation Amount as determined on the 
immediately preceding Cut-Off Date; and 
(ii) 
credited with any amount payable under item (e) of the Revolving Priority of Payments, if 
applicable (corresponding to the Target Retention Amount); 
(b) 
in addition, on each Business Day:  
(i) 
credited with any Servicer Net Principal Payment (if any);  
(ii) 
debited with any FCT Net Principal Payment (if any); and  
(iii) 
debited with item (c) of the definition of Collections (if any).  
Principal Outstanding Amount means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Class A Note , on any given Payment Date, the principal amount of such Class A Note 
which remains outstanding on such Payment Date after application of the relevant Priority of 
Payments; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Class B Loan, on any given Payment Date, the principal amount of such Class B Loan 
which remains outstanding on such Payment Date after application of the relevant Priority of 
Payments.  
Priority of Payments means the Revolving Priority of Payments, the Normal Amortisation Priority of 
Payments, or the Early Amortisation Priority of Payments, as applicable.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market. 
Purchase Acceptance File means, on each Purchase Date, an acceptance file delivered by the FCT to the 
Seller specifying the list of Receivables, Ancillary Rights and Related Security to be purchased and assigned 
to the FCT on such Purchase Date (as non-adversely selected by the Management Company from the portfolio 
of Eligible Receivables provided by the Seller). The form of the Purchase Acceptance File is in schedule 6 
(Form of Purchase Acceptance File) of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Purchase Date means any Business Day during the Revolving Period on which the FCT sends a Purchase 
Acceptance File together with a countersigned Transfer Document to the Seller. The first Purchase Date will 
be the Closing Date. 
Purchase Price means in respect of any Receivable to be purchased by the FCT on a Purchase Date, the 
Outstanding Balance of such Receivable on such Purchase Date as mentioned in the corresponding Offer File. 
Purchased Receivables means any outstanding Receivable that has been purchased by the FCT from the Seller 
and which has not been reassigned to the Seller. 
Rating Agency means each of DBRS and Moody's; and Rating Agencies means all of them. 
RCI Banque means RCI Banque, a company incorporated in France as a société anonyme, whose registered 
office is at 15 rue d’Uzès, 75002, Paris, France, and registered with the Trade and Companies Register of Paris 
under number 306 523 358. 
RCI Banque Group means RCI Banque and any company or entity registered or established in France or in 
any other jurisdiction in which RCI Banque owns, directly or indirectly, the majority of the share capital and 
the majority of the voting rights. 
RCI Nissan Dealer Agreement means any agreement for the financing of Financed Vehicles entered into 
from time to time between the Seller and a Dealer of the Nissan network setting out their respective rights and 
obligations; such agreement entered into on the basis of one of the templates for RCI Nissan Dealer 
Agreements annexed to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
RCI Renault Dealer Agreement means any agreement for the financing of Financed Vehicles entered into 
from time to time between the Seller and a Dealer of the Renault network (including where applicable Dacia 
and/or Alpine) setting out their respective rights and obligations; such agreement entered into on the basis of 
one of the templates for RCI Renault Dealer Agreements annexed to the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
Re-Purchase Date means the date of the retransfer to the Seller of any Receivables by the FCT, pursuant to 
clause 12 (Option to Re-purchase Purchased Receivables) of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Re-Purchase Offer File means, on each relevant Business Day, a re-purchased offer file, substantially in the 
form set out in the schedule 11 (Form of Re-Purchase Offer File) to the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, delivered by the Management Company to the Seller (with copy to the Custodian) specifying the 
list of Purchased Receivables to be transferred back to the Seller on such Purchase Date. 
Re-Purchase Option means the option for the Seller to repurchase some Purchased Receivables which are 
due, accelerated or irrecoverable pursuant to clause 12 (Option to Re-purchase Purchased Receivables) of the 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
Re-Purchase Price means, in respect to each Purchased Receivable to be retransferred to the Seller, an amount 
equal to the Face Amount as at its Purchase Date less any Collections relating to the principal of such Purchased 
Receivable since its Purchase Date.  
Re-Purchased Receivables means any Purchased Receivable subsequently re-purchased by the Seller from 
the FCT in accordance with the Seller's re-transfer option (clause 11 (Automatic Recession of Transfer) of the 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement) or for breach of representation (clause 8 (Payment of Purchase Price) 
of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement). 
Reading Software means the software to be delivered by the Seller to the Data Protection Trustee and the 
Management Company pursuant to the terms of the Data Protection Agreement, which would together with 
the Decryption Key allow the reading of the Personal Data File. 
Receivable means either (i) a Trade Receivable arising under a Sales Contract or (ii) a Loan Receivable arising 
under a Loan Contract, each including VAT, if applicable. 
Receivables Contract means each Loan Contract and each Sales Contract. 
Receivables Eligibility Criteria means the criteria for Eligible Receivables set out in part 1 of schedule 1 
(Eligibility Criteria) of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and in part 1 (Receivables Eligibility 
Criteria) of schedule 1 of the FCT Regulations. 
Recoveries means, on any date, all amounts received by the Seller or the Servicer in respect of any Purchased 
Receivable (including any insurance proceeds) after the date on which such Purchased Receivable became a 
Defaulted Receivable. For the avoidance of doubt, any amount corresponding to the Re-Purchase Price of 
Receivables in accordance with the Re-Purchase Option shall not be part of the Recoveries. 
Registrar means the Custodian, acting on behalf of the FCT. 
Regulated Market means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market.  
Regulation S means the Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Related Security means, in respect of any Receivable: 
(a) 
in relation to a Trade Receivable, all present and future claims and rights of the Seller against Renault 
Germany and Nissan Germany under the relevant Factoring Agreements in respect of the relevant 
Trade Receivable; 
(b) 
all accessory security rights (akzessorische Sicherheiten) granted to secure the payment of such 
Receivable; 
(c) 
title to the Financed Asset which is subject to a retention of title arrangement (Eigentumsvorbehalt) 
with the relevant Dealer in connection with the Receivable, including title to the vehicle registration 
documents; 
(d) 
security title (Sicherungseigentum) to the Financed Asset where the Seller has been granted such 
security title in connection with the Receivable including title to the vehicle registration documents; 
(e) 
all present and future claims and rights against insurers in connection with the relevant Receivables 
Contract or in respect of the Financed Asset, including, without limitation: 
(i) 
against property insurers (Kaskoversicherung) taken for the relevant Financed Asset; 
(ii) 
payment protection insurances (Restschuldversicherung); and

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
(iii) 
the relevant insurance certificate (Versicherungsschein); 
(f) 
all present and future claims and rights under the relevant Receivables Contract or in respect of the 
Financed Asset including, but not limited to:; 
(i) 
damage compensation claims based on contracts or torts against the relevant Dealer or against 
third parties (including insurers) due to damage to or loss of the Financed Asset; 
(ii) 
claims for payment of purchase price for the Financed Asset sold by the Dealer;  
(iii) 
all present and future claims against third parties performing services in relation to the 
Financed Asset and the vehicle registration documents, including, but not limited to, arising 
from arrangements relating to the custody of vehicle registration documents and insurances 
taken by such custodians; and 
(iv) 
claims for transfer of title to the Financed Asset; 
(g) 
all claims under guarantees, sureties and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from 
time to time supporting or securing payment of such Receivable whether pursuant to the Receivables 
Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise; 
(h) 
all possessory and other rights of the Seller in respect of any Receivables or the goods which are the 
subject of the related Receivables Contract and all rights, benefits and entitlement of the Seller under 
such Receivables Contract;  
(i) 
all bills of exchange (Wechsel) and cheques (Schecks) related to such Receivable, and;  
(j) 
all (other) Adverse Claims of the Seller on any assets, property or revenues from time to time, if any, 
purporting to secure payment of a Receivable, whether pursuant to the Receivables Contract related 
to such Receivable or otherwise, together with all financing statements, whether signed by the relevant 
Dealer or not, describing any collateral securing such Receivables, and 
(k) 
all proceeds at any time howsoever arising out of the resale, redemption or other disposal of (net of 
collection costs in accordance with the relevant Receivables Contract), or dealing with, or judgments 
relating to, any of the foregoing, any claims represented thereby, and all rights of action against any 
Person in connection therewith. 
Relevant Margin means, in respect of a Series of Class A20xx-y Notes, the margin specified in the Final Terms 
relating to such in respect of Class A20xx-y Notes. In any case the Relevant Margin in respect of a Series of 
Class A20xx-y shall be lower than the Class A Notes Maximum Relevant Margin. 
Renault means Renault S.A.S., a company incorporated in France as a société par actions simplifée, whose 
registered office is at 13-15 Quai Le Gallo, 92100 Boulogne-Billancourt, France, and registered with the Trade 
and Companies Register of Nanterre under number 780 129 987. 
Renault Manufacturer Dealer Agreement means any agreement entered into from time to time between 
Renault Germany and a Dealer setting out their respective rights and obligations. 
Reporting Entity means the Management Company. 
Required Credit Enhancement Percentage means 19.5%.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
Required General Reserve Amount means an amount being equal to:  
(a) 
on the Payment Date falling in August 2022, €10,800,000; 
(b) 
on any Payment Date falling during the Revolving Period, an amount equal to 2.0% of the Class A 
Notes Target Amount; 
(c) 
on each Payment Date thereafter: 
(i) 
(A) as long as the Pool Balance is greater than zero and amounts standing to the credit of the 
General Reserve Account at the end of the preceding Collection Period are not sufficient to 
redeem the Class A Notes in full, and (B) before the Legal Final Maturity Date, the greater 
between (I) 2.00% of the aggregate Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes on 
such Payment Date and (II) EUR 2,000,000, and 
(ii) 
otherwise, zero. 
Residual Unitholder means the Seller. 
Residual Units means the residual units (parts résiduelles) issued by the FCT in accordance with the FCT 
Regulations. 
Residual Units Subscription Agreement means the subscription agreement in respect of the Residual Units 
dated on or about the Signing Date, between the Management Company, the Custodian and the Residual 
Unitholder, as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time. 
Retransfer Document means a retransfer document in which each relevant Purchased Receivable is identified 
and individualised in the form of schedule 12 (Form of Retransfer Document) of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
Revolving Period means the period from (and including) the Closing Date to the earlier of: 
(a) 
the Revolving Period Scheduled End Date (included); and 
(b) 
the day (excluded) following the occurrence of an Early Amortisation Event or an FCT Liquidation 
Event. 
Revolving Period Scheduled End Date means the Cut-Off Date falling in September 2027. 
Revolving Priority of Payments means the priority of payments set out in clause 15.1 (Revolving Priority of 
Payments) of the FCT Regulations. 
Risk Retention U.S. Person means a “U.S. person” as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
S&P means Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services 
Europe Limited. 
Sales Contract means each single sales contract (Kaufvertrag) (i) between Renault Germany and a Dealer for 
the sale of a Vehicle or Spare Parts and (ii) between Nissan Germany and a Dealer for the sale of Spare Parts, 
entered into on the basis of the relevant Manufacturer Dealer Agreement, including each Invoice pursuant to 
or under which such Dealer shall be obliged to pay for a Vehicle or Spare Parts under such contract, entered 
into by the relevant Manufacturer and a Dealer from time to time. 
Scheduled FCT Fees means the fees listed under schedule 8 (Scheduled FCT Fees) to the FCT Regulations.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
Secured Liabilities means any and all present and future payment obligations (whether actual or contingent, 
owed jointly or severally or in any other capacity whatsoever) of the Pledgor to the Pledgee (including any 
successor of the Pledgee following an assumption of contract (Vertragsübernahme), assignment (Abtretung) 
or accession) under or in connection with the Transaction Documents (as amended, varied and/or supplemented 
from time to time) together with all costs, charges and expenses incurred in connection therewith. The Secured 
Liabilities shall include any obligation based on unjust enrichment (ungerechtfertigte Bereicherung) or tort 
(Delikt). 
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Securitisation Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 12 December 2017 laying down a general framework for securitisation and creating a specific framework 
for simple, transparent and standardised securitisation, and amending Directives 2009/65/EC, 2009/138/EC 
and 2011/61/EU and Regulations (EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 648/2012, as amended, varied or 
substituted from time to time (including the Securitisation Rules applicable from time to time). 
Securitisation Repository Operational Standards means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1229. 
Securitisation Rules mean: (a) applicable regulatory and/or implementing technical standards or delegated 
regulation made under the Securitisation Regulation (including any applicable transitional provisions); and/or 
(b) any relevant guidance and policy statements relating to the application of the Securitisation Regulation 
published by the EBA, the ESMA, the EIOPA (or their successor), collectively, the European Supervisory 
Authorities or ESAs, including any applicable guidance and policy statements issued by the Joint Committee 
of ESAs and/or the European Commission; and/or (c) any applicable laws, regulations, rules, guidance or other 
applicable national implementing measures in France, in each case as amended, varied or substituted from time 
to time. 
Seller means RCI Banque,  Niederlassung Deutschland, a société anonyme incorporated under the laws of 
France, whose registered office is at 15, rue d’Uzès, 75002 Paris, France, registered with the Trade and 
Companies Register of Paris under number 306 523 358, licensed as a credit institution in France by the 
Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution, acting through its branch located at Jagenbergstrasse 1, 41468 
Neuss, Germany. 
Seller or Servicer Termination Event means any of the following events occurring and continuing: 
(a) 
any representation or warranty made by the Servicer (or the Seller as the case may be) in the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, or any information, certificate or report required to be 
delivered by the Servicer (or the Seller as the case may be) pursuant to the Transaction Documents 
proves to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or when delivered, which continues 
to be incorrect in any material respect for a period of thirty (30) calendar days after the earlier of the 
date on which written notice of such failure, requiring the same to be remedied, has been given to the 
Servicer (or the Seller as the case may be) by the FCT, or the date on which the Servicer (or the Seller 
as the case may be) became aware of the same and as a result of which the interests of the FCT are 
materially and adversely affected and continue to be affected materially and adversely for the 
designated period, it being specified that such grace period will not apply for a breach of representation 
and warranty (33) (Sanctions) of schedule 8, part 1 of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement; 
(b) 
any Insolvency Event has occurred with respect to the Seller or the Servicer or the Seller or the Servicer 
makes a general assignment (including, without limitation, the sale by the Servicer (or the Seller as 
the case may be) of substantially all of its assets, or the taking of any corporate action by the Servicer 
(or the Seller as the case may be) to authorise such action; 
(c) 
it is or will become unlawful for the Servicer (or the Seller as the case may be) to perform or comply 
with any of its obligations under any of Transaction Document to which it is a party;

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
(d) 
any failure by the Servicer (or the Seller as the case may be) to make a payment when due under the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, except a failure which is due to technical reasons and is 
remedied within two (2) Business Days following the occurrence of such failure; 
(e) 
any failure by the Servicer (or the Seller as the case may be) or breach of undertaking other than the 
one mentioned in (d) above), under any of the Transaction Documents, except where such failure or 
breach of undertaking is due to technical reasons and is remedied within 30 calendar days following 
the earlier of the (i) notification by the FCT to the Servicer (or the Seller as the case may be) of the 
occurrence of such failure or breach or (ii) the date on which the Servicer (or the Seller as the case 
may be) became aware of the same; or 
(f) 
any payment obligation of the Servicer (or the Seller as the case may be) under any Transaction 
Document to which the Servicer (or the Seller as the case may be) is a party, is or becomes, for any 
reason, ineffective or unenforceable, except if this event is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days 
or any other provision of any Transaction Document to which the Servicer (or the Seller as the case 
may be) is a party, is or becomes, for any reason, ineffective or unenforceable except if this event is 
remedied within thirty (30) calendar days. 
Series means each of the Class A2017-1 Notes in accordance with Condition 1(a) of the Class A2017-1 Notes as 
set out in part 1 of schedule 3 of the FCT Regulations and each series of Class A20xx-y Notes pursuant to 
Condition 1(e). 
Servicer means the Seller acting in its capacity as Servicer and any of its successors thereto in accordance 
with the Transaction Documents. 
Servicer Net Principal Payment means on any Business Day after the Closing Date, the positive difference 
between (i) the Servicer Principal Payment and (ii) the FCT Principal Payment on such Business Day. For the 
avoidance of doubt, on any Purchase Date during the Revolving Period, the Servicer Net Principal Payment 
shall be payable after receipt by the Servicer of a Purchase Acceptance File. 
Servicer Principal Payment means on any Business Day after the Closing Date, the aggregate amount of 
Collections received on or payable in relation to the immediately preceding Business Day by the Servicer 
under the Purchased Receivables. 
Servicing Agreement means the servicing agreement dated on or about the Signing Date, between the 
Servicer, the Management Company and the Custodian, as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time. 
Servicing Fee means, in relation to a Collection Period, a fee payable in arrears on the immediately succeeding 
Payment Date which is equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
in respect of the portfolio management tasks (gestion de créances), 0.14% per annum of the aggregate 
Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables on the first Business Day of such Collection Period 
(after having taken into account the Purchased Receivables purchased on such Business Day, if any); 
(b) 
in respect of the recovery process tasks (recouvrement de créances), 0.20% per annum of the sum of 
(i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables which became Defaulted 
Receivables during such Collection Period and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Purchased 
Receivables which are Defaulted Receivables on the first Business Day of such Collection Period, 
it being agreed that the total fee paid to the Servicer shall not be greater than 0.15% per annum of the aggregate 
Outstanding Balance of the Purchased Receivables on the first Business Day of such Collection Period (after 
having taken into account the Purchased Receivables purchased on such Business Day, if any). 
Signing Date means 21 July 2017.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
Spare Parts means spare parts (Ersatzteile) for passenger cars or light utility vehicles whose brand set out in 
the original vehicle registration certificate (Zulassungsbescheinigung Teil II) is "Renault" or "Nissan".  
Statutory Auditor means Ernst & Young, a société anonyme incorporated under, and governed by, the laws 
of France, whose registered office is at Tour First, 1 place des Saisons TSA 14444 92037 Paris La Défense 
Cedex. 
Target Pool Amount means, during the Revolving Period:  
(a) 
on the Business Day following any Cut-Off Date, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the minimum between (x) the aggregate Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes 
and the Class B Loan as at the preceding Payment Date and (y) the aggregate of the Class A 
Notes Target Amount and the Class B Loan Target Amount as calculated on such date with 
respect to the immediately following Payment Date;  
minus 
(ii) 
the cumulative aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables that have become 
Defaulted Receivables during the Collection Period ending on such Cut-Off Date less the 
proceeds from the exercise of the Re-Purchase Option and of the Automatic Rescission in 
relation to these Defaulted Receivables, 
(b) 
on any Payment Date, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the aggregate Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes on such day, after having 
taken into account (x) any principal payments to be made with respect to existing Series of 
Class A Notes on such Payment Date (including the payments expected to be made with 
respect to the Series of Class A Notes with an Expected Maturity Date falling on such Payment 
Date and the payments due to the exercise of the Partial Amortisation Option on such Payment 
Date) and (y) any amount of new Series of Class A Notes scheduled to be issued on such 
Payment Date,  
plus 
(ii) 
the Class B Loan Target Amount with respect to such Payment Date;  
 
minus 
(iii) 
the cumulative aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables that have become 
Defaulted Receivables since the start of the Collection Period less the proceeds from the 
exercise of the Re-Purchase Option and of the Automatic Rescission in relation to these 
Defaulted Receivables;  
(c) 
on any other Business Day, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the last calculated Target Pool Amount,  
 
minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Purchased Receivables that have become Defaulted 
Receivables on such Business Day less the proceeds from the exercise of the Re-Purchase 
Option and of the Automatic Rescission in relation to these Defaulted Receivables,

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
provided that on the Closing Date, the Target Pool Amount shall be equal to the aggregate Principal 
Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes and issued on such date and of the Class B Loan borrowed 
on such date. 
Target Purchase Amount means, on any Purchase Date during the Revolving Period, an amount equal to the 
positive difference between (a) the Target Pool Amount on such Purchase Date and (b) the Pool Balance on 
such Purchase Date (before any purchase to be made on such Purchase Date). 
Target Retention Amount means, on any Payment Date during the Revolving Period, the amount as 
calculated by the Management Company on the Business Day following each Cut-Off Date equal to the 
difference between: 
(a) 
The aggregate of (i) the Class A Notes Target Amount and (ii) the Class B Loan Required Amount, 
both with respect to such Payment Date; and 
(b) 
the sum of the Pool Balance and any Principal Buffer Amount as determined on the Business Day 
following the Cut-Off Date immediately preceding such Payment Date. 
TARGET2 Settlement Day means any day on which the TARGET2 System (or, if such settlement system 
ceases to be operative, such other settlement system (if any) determined by the Management Company to be a 
suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euros. 
TARGET2 System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System. 
Tax Code means the French Code général des impôts. 
Taxes means any present or future taxes, levies, duties, charges, fees, deductions or withholdings of any nature 
whatsoever, together with any interest, charges or penalties thereon. 
Trade Receivable means (i) any liability of a Dealer for payment of purchase price to (x) Renault Germany 
for a Vehicle or Spare Parts or (y) Nissan Germany for the sale of Spare Parts, arising under a Sales Contract 
and any other amount which a Dealer owes to Renault Germany or Nissan Germany in accordance with a Sales 
Contract, including interest in respect of late payment and penalties, and (ii) which the Seller has acquired 
pursuant to the terms of a Factoring Agreement, and (iii) which has not been subject of an extension agreement 
(Stundungsvereinbarung) between the Seller and the respective Dealer (or any third party). 
Transaction means the securitisation programme contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 
Transaction Documents means the: 
(a) 
the FCT Regulations;  
(b) 
the Master Definitions Agreement; 
(c) 
the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement; 
(d) 
the Servicing Agreement;  
(e) 
the FCT Account and Cash Management Agreement;  
(f) 
the Paying Agency Agreement;  
(g) 
the Class A Notes Subscription Agreement;  
(h) 
the Class B Loan Agreement;

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
(i) 
the Residual Units Subscription Agreement;  
(j) 
the Dedicated Account Agreement; 
(k) 
the General Reserve Agreement; 
(l) 
the German Account Pledge Agreement; and 
(m) 
the Data Protection Agreement. 
Transfer Document means a transfer document (acte de cession de créances) executed in accordance with 
the provisions of Articles L. 214-169 et seq. and D. 214-227 of the Code, substantially in the form set out in 
schedule 3 (Form of Transfer Document) of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Transfer Fee means, in respect of each Payment Date, the sum of (i) the Class A Notes Transfer Fee, (ii) the 
Class B Loan Transfer Fee and (iii) 0.57%. 
Transfer Fee Amount means, on each Payment Date, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Transfer Fee, 
(ii) the aggregate of the Principal Outstanding Amount of the Class A Notes and of the Class B Loan and (iii) 
the actual number of days elapsed in the Interest Period ending on such Payment Date divided by three hundred 
sixty five (365) (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365). 
UK Securitisation Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA, including the Securitisation (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, varied, 
superseded or substituted from time to time and any relevant binding technical standards, regulations, 
instruments, rules, policy statements, guidance, transitional relief or other implementing measures of the FCA, 
the Bank of England, the PRA, the Pensions Regulator or other relevant UK regulator (or their successor) in 
relation thereto. 
United States, US or U.S. means the United States of America (including the States thereof and the District 
of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands). 
Used Vehicle means a used vehicle of any brand, which is a second hand passenger car or second hand light 
utility vehicle. 
Utilisation means a utilisation of the Class B Facility. 
Utilisation Date means the date of a Utilisation, being the Closing Date and any Payment Date during the 
Revolving Period on which the relevant Class B Loan is or is to be made.  
Utilisation Request means a notice in substantially the form set out in schedule 1 (Form of Utilisation Request) 
to the Class B Loan Agreement.  
Vehicle means any vehicle which is a New Vehicle, or a Used Vehicle.  
Volcker Rule means Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended by Section 619 of 
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
THE FCT 
CARS ALLIANCE DFP GERMANY 2017 
 
 
 
 
ARRANGER 
 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT COMPANY 
 
CUSTODIAN 
Paris Titrisation 
17 Cours Valmy 
92972 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
Société Générale, acting 
through its Securities Services 
department 
1-5, rue du Débarcadère 
 
 
92700 Colombes 
France 
 
 
 
FCT CASH MANAGER and 
FCT CASH MANAGER 
 
SELLER AND SERVICER 
RCI Banque Niederlassung 
Deutschland 
14, avenue du Pavé Neuf 
93160 Noisy Le Grand 
France 
acting through its branch 
located at Jagenbergstrasse 1, 
41468 Neuss, Germany 
Société Générale, acting through 
its branch Paris Centre Entreprises 
132 rue Réaumur 
75002 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
 
 
 
STATUTORY AUDITOR 
OF THE FCT 
 
 
Ernst & Young 
 
 
Tour First, 1 place des Saisons 
TSA 14444  
92037 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
 
 
 
PAYING AGENT  
Société Générale, acting through 
its Securities Services department 
32 rue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 
44308 Nantes Cedex 
France 
 
LISTING AGENT  
Société Générale Luxembourg 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
L 2420 Luxembourg  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO 
THE ARRANGER 
 
As to French law 
 
As to German law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany