--- Page 1 ---
FINAL VERSION 
10246639805-v21 
- i - 
47-41046673 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
FERROVIE DELLO STATO ITALIANE S.P.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
€12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under Irish and European Union ("EU") law pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation. This Base Prospectus comprises a Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") for notes ("Notes") issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described herein (the 
"Programme") within twelve months after the date hereof to be admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin (the 
"Official List") and trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated Market"). The Regulated Market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). Such approval relates only to the Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered 
to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). The Programme also permits Notes 
to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further 
competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. The Central Bank 
of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are subject of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of 
twelve months from the date of approval. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A. (the "Issuer" or "FS") may issue Notes under the Programme to one or more of the 
Dealers named in "Subscription and Sale", below, and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time 
to time (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall 
be, in the case of an issue of Notes to more than one Dealer, to the lead manager of such issue and, in the case of an 
issue of Notes to one Dealer, to such Dealer. Pursuant to the Programme, the Issuer may issue Notes denominated in 
any currency agreed with the relevant Dealer, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions. The Notes will 
be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). The aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under 
the Programme will not exceed €12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has the following ratings assigned to it: BBB by Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited ("Fitch") and BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & Poor's"). The Programme has been 
rated BBB by Fitch and BBB by Standard & Poor's. Each of Fitch and Standard & Poor's is established in the EEA and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such each of Fitch 
and Standard & Poor's is included in the list of credit ratings agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
The rating Standard & Poor's has given to the Programme is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is 
established in the United Kingdom (the "UK") and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating Fitch has given to the Programme is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, 
which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by a rating agency. Where a Tranche (as defined herein) of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Programme by Fitch or Standard & Poor's. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the 
abilities of the Issuer to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below.

--- Page 2 ---
FINAL VERSION 
10246639805-v21 
- ii - 
47-41046673 
 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR (as defined below), 
or such other reference rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European 
Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the ESMA's register of administrators under 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended from time to time (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. Amounts payable on Inflation Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to 
CPI-ITL or HICP (each as defined below). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of CPI-ITL and 
HICP are not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the relevant Index Sponsor (as defined below) of CPI-ITL and HICP are not required to be 
registered for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
Joint Arrangers 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan SE 
UniCredit 
 
 
Dealers 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM 
BBVA 
Barclays 
BayernLB 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
CaixaBank 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
ING 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca 
Morgan Stanley 
MPS Capital Services 
MUFG 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
SMBC  
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking  
UniCredit 
 
 
27 April 2023

--- Page 3 ---
10246639805-v21 
- iii - 
47-41046673 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms 
and declares that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus 
in connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms 
as the relevant Dealer(s). 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
(the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final 
Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described 
under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information or document incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which 
is the subject of Final Terms, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the 
case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus (including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) contains all information which is (in the 
context of the Programme, the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true 
and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, 
predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material 
respect; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such 
information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and 
sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to 
verify the foregoing. 
The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to 
the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Paying Agents nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) 
have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility or liability as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus 
is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to 
involve any adverse change, in the financial condition or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof 
or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to 
the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 4 ---
10246639805-v21 
- iv - 
47-41046673 
 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes 
and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to 
the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons 
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes may be offered and sold outside the 
United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. For more information, see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own 
investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Notes issued as green, social and sustainability bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment 
of any Notes issued as "green bonds", "social bonds" and "sustainability bonds" or makes any representation 
or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding 
such "green", "social", "sustainability", or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of 
proceeds for any Notes issued as "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainability bonds" nor the impact or 
monitoring of such use of proceeds. 
No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers nor by any of their respective affiliates (including 
parent companies) as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion, report, or certification of any third party 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as "green bonds", "social bonds" or 
"sustainability bonds". For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, report or certification is not 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion, report or certification is not a recommendation by 
the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current 
only as of the date it was issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions, 
reports and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion report or certification and/or the 
information contained therein. 
In the event that any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental",  
"social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, for example with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, social or sustainability impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects or a combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible 
Social Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading 
may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given 
or made by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be maintained during the life of the Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
10246639805-v21 
- v - 
47-41046673 
 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. As Notes issued under the programme are complex financial instruments, 
each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) the 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and 
(3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of the Notes. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any 
applicable risk based capital or similar rules. 
Important – EEA retail investors  
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
Important – UK retail investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"). Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law

--- Page 6 ---
10246639805-v21 
- vi - 
47-41046673 
 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Product Governance under MiFID II 
The Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (as amended, the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
The Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, 
the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to 
"relevant persons" in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the 
purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will 
not exceed €12,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealer Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions and language of Base Prospectus  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the EEA. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to "U.S.$" or "USD" are to United States dollars, references to 
"Sterling" or "£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom and references to "EUR" or "euro" are 
to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as

--- Page 7 ---
10246639805-v21 
- vii - 
47-41046673 
 
defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, 
as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of law is 
a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of 
Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or issued by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or issued by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will 
be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Non-IFRS Financial Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains certain non-IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) financial 
measures (including those which are considered alternative performance measures within the meaning of 
Article 12 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/301), including the following: 
• 
EBITDA (or gross operating profit) is an indicator of the performance of operations and reflects 
the Group's core business only. It is calculated as the difference between revenue and operating 
costs; 
• 
EBIT (or operating profit) is an indicator of the performance of operations and is calculated as the 
algebraic sum of EBITDA (gross operating profit) and amortisation and depreciation, impairment 
losses (reversals of impairment losses) and provisions; 
• 
EBITDA Margin (or gross operating profit margin) is a profitability indicator and is calculated as 
the ratio of gross operating profit to operating revenue; 
• 
EBIT Margin (or operating profit margin – ROS (return on sales)) is a sales profitability indicator 
and is calculated as the ratio of operating profit to revenue; 
• 
Net operating working capital is the algebraic sum of inventories, construction contracts, current 
and non-current trade receivables and current and non-current trade payables;

--- Page 8 ---
10246639805-v21 
- viii - 
47-41046673 
 
• 
Other assets, net reflect the sum of receivables and advances from the Ministry of the Economy 
and Finance for grants, deferred tax assets, other current and non-current assets and other current 
and non-current liabilities; 
• 
Working capital is the sum of net operating working capital and other assets, net; 
• 
Net non-current assets reflect the sum of property, plant and equipment, investment property, 
intangible assets and equity investments; 
• 
Other provisions reflect the sum of post-employment benefits and other employee benefits, the 
provision for litigation with employees and third parties, the provisions for other sundry risks and 
deferred tax liabilities;  
• 
Net invested capital (NIC) is the algebraic sum of working capital, net non-current assets, other 
provisions and net assets held for sale and disposal groups;  
• 
Net assets held for sale is an indicator calculated as the algebraic sum of the activities and the 
liabilities reclassified as held for sale and /or directly related to disposal groups; 
• 
Net Financial Debt is a financial indicator calculated as the algebraic sum of bonds, non-current 
bank loans and borrowings and the current portion thereof, current bank loans and borrowings, 
current and non-current loans and borrowings from other lenders, financial assets with the Ministry 
of the Economy and Finance for current fifteen-year grants, cash and cash equivalents and current 
and non-current loan assets; 
• 
Net current financial debt is a financial indicator calculated as the algebraic sum of the current 
portion of non-current bank loans and borrowings, current bank loans and borrowings, current 
loans and borrowings from other lenders, loan assets with the Ministry of the Economy and 
Finance for current fifteen-year grants, cash and cash equivalents and current financial assets; 
• 
Net non-current financial debt is a financial indicator calculated as the algebraic sum of bonds, 
non-current bank loans and borrowings, non-current loans and borrowings from other lenders, 
non-current financial assets; 
• 
Shareholders funds (E) is a financial statements indicator calculated as the algebraic sum of share 
capital, reserves, retained earnings (losses carried forward), current and non-current derivative 
liabilities and the profit (loss) for the year; 
• 
Capital expenditure indicator reflects the trend in the group investments of the year and includes 
the group’s investment programmes/projects (including investments via leases or special purpose 
vehicles) to support business development. These programmes/projects consist of investments in 
property, plant and equipment, concessions and other intangible assets, excluding financial 
investments (i.e., those relating to equity investment transactions). Specifically, the indicator is 
calculated as the algebraic sum of investments of the year/in progress in: i) property, plant and 
equipment, ii) intangible assets; iii) investment property; iv) change in concession work; v) trading 
property, net of asset acquisitions between group companies; 
• 
Total Debt is the financial statements item "non-current and current loans and borrowings" of a 
Group’s company; 
• 
External Debt refer to the financial statements item "non-current and current loans and 
borrowings" granted to a Group’s company by a third external party; and 
• 
Parent Company Debt refer to the financial statements item "non-current and current loans and 
borrowings" granted to a Group’s subsidiary by the parent company FS. 
It should be noted that the above mentioned measures are not recognised as measures of performance or 
liquidity under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to operating income or net profit or any 
other performance measure derived in accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting

--- Page 9 ---
10246639805-v21 
- ix - 
47-41046673 
 
principles. The management finds them useful in monitoring the Group's (as such term is defined in the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes") performance and believes they reflect the results of operations and 
financial trends of its business segments. Accordingly, the Issuer believes that the above measures provide 
useful information to investors for the purposes of evaluating the financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group, the quality of its assets and the fundamentals of its business. 
Forward-looking statements 
The Base Prospectus and certain documents incorporated by reference therein include "forward-looking 
statements" within the meaning of the securities laws of certain applicable jurisdictions. These forward-
looking statements include, but are not limited to, all statements other than statements of historical facts 
contained in the Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer's strategy, plans, 
objectives, prospects; future developments in the markets in which the Issuer operates; and anticipated 
regulatory changes in the industry in which the Issuer operates. These forward-looking statements can be 
identified by use of forward-looking terminology, such as the terms "aim", "anticipate", "believe", 
"continue", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "should" or "will" or, in each case, their 
negative, or other variations or comparable terminology. Examples of forward-looking statements include, 
among others, statements or guidance regarding the Group's future financial position, income growth, 
assets, business strategy, projected levels of growth in the rail markets, projected costs or savings, original 
and revised commitments and targets, estimates of capital expenditures and plans and objectives for future 
operations, international expansion plans, projected employee numbers and other statements that are not 
historical fact. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. 
Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that 
the actual financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and the development of the industry in 
which the Issuer operates, may differ, also materially, from those made in, or suggested by, the forward-
looking statements contained in the Base Prospectus. Any forward-looking statements are made only as at 
the date of the Base Prospectus and, except as required by law or the rules and regulations of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are listed, the Issuer undertakes no obligation to publicly update or publicly 
revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if 
any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) 
in the applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10246639805-v21 
 
47-41046673 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ............................................................................................................................iii 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 19 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ........................................................................ 21 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 22 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 27 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 65 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 85 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 87 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 88 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 159 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 167 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 173

--- Page 11 ---
1 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes Article 25.1 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the 
same meanings in this section. 
Issuer: 
Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under "Risk Factors" below. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors" and 
include certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series of Notes 
and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Joint Arrangers: 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
J.P. Morgan SE 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Dealers: 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Bayerische Landesbank 
BNP Paribas 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
CaixaBank S.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
ING Bank N.V. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
MPS Capital Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A. 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer Agreement 
(as defined in "Subscription and Sale" below).

--- Page 12 ---
2 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with 
such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements 
from time to time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue 
proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the 
activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances 
which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 by the Issuer. 
Fiscal 
Agent 
and 
Paying 
Agent: 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
Listing Agent: 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal and/or regulatory restrictions, Notes may be 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer and as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer 
or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form, as described in "Form of the Notes" 
below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on such basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions (as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as

--- Page 13 ---
3 
 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the Reference Rate. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on such basis as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Payments of principal in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes or of 
interest in respect of Index Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by 
reference to one or more inflation indices, as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest, in each case as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons, upon a Change of Control or following an Event of Default) or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving notice 
to the Noteholders and/or at the option of the Noteholders upon giving 
notice to the Issuer, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to restrictions 
on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain Restrictions — Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year" above. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and 
the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (see "Certain 
Restrictions — Notes having a maturity of less than one year" above) and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). If the Final Terms so specify, Notes may be 
issued in denominations of €100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000.

--- Page 14 ---
4 
 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or 
on account of withholding taxes imposed by the Republic of Italy as 
provided in Condition 11 (Taxation). In the event that any such deduction 
is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 11 (Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 5 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 12(c) (Events of Default – Cross-default of Issuer 
or Material Subsidiary). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of 
the Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at 
least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of 
law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
Rating: 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has the following ratings 
assigned to it: BBB by Fitch and BBB by Standard & Poor's. The 
Programme has been rated BBB by Fitch and BBB by Standard & Poor's. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series 
of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms 
and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the 
Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
The rating Standard & Poor's has given to the Programme is endorsed by 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The rating Fitch has given to the 
Programme is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, which is established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant 
Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
issued by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or 
issued by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation.

--- Page 15 ---
5 
 
 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
Approval, 
Admission 
to 
Trading and Listing: 
The Central Bank of Ireland has approved this document as a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Applications 
have also been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and to be listed on 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. The applicable Final 
Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
 
Pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Central Bank of 
Ireland may at the request of the Issuer, send to the competent authority of 
another EEA Member State and the ESMA (i) a copy of this Base 
Prospectus; and (ii) a certificate of approval attesting that this Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation (an "Attestation Certificate"). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by English law. Condition 16 
(Meetings of Noteholders: Modification and Waiver) and the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the 
appointment of a Noteholders' Representative in respect of the Notes are 
subject to compliance with the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA, France, the Republic of Italy, Japan, Singapore, 
Switzerland, the United Kingdom and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United 
States 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D applicable/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 16 ---
6 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In addition, factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are 
also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer 
based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. Accordingly, 
the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risk of holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
a. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position;  
b. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry; and 
c. 
Risks relating to the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
Risks relating to adverse financial and macroeconomic conditions  
FS is affected by the economic and political environment and cyclical trends in the European and domestic 
economy, and any economic downturn, market crisis or period of instability could have a negative impact on the 
Group's business. 
Persistent market tensions might negatively affect the funding costs and economic outlook of some euro member 
countries, including Italy. Weak economic conditions and prolonged instability could result in stagnation or a 
decrease in demand for transport businesses in which FS and its Group operate, adversely affecting the services 
of FS. This in turn may give rise to a decrease in prices and profitability levels, which may have an adverse effect 
on the financial condition and result of operations of FS. 
For example, the current Russian-Ukrainian conflict, together with other factors, could result in a slowdown in 
the expected growth of FS’ business. 
Moreover, due to the persistent outbreak of COVID-19 in China, global economy still suffers from a significant 
slowdown in its growth rate, despite the apparent controlled diffusion of the disease over the world, including 
Italy. This may in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial results. 
For further details on the impact of the COVID-19 on the Group’s business as of 31 December 2021, see also the 
2021 Annual Report incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Risks relating to the Russia – Ukraine Conflict and the related Russian Sanctions 
Throughout 2021, the Russian military build-up along the border of Ukraine has escalated tensions between Russia 
and Ukraine and strained bilateral relations. These events have continued in 2022 with Russia commencing a full-
scale military invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 (hereinafter, the “Russia – Ukraine Conflict”). Following 
the invasion of Ukraine, the EU, the United States and the UK (and other jurisdictions) imposed (and are likely to 
impose material additional) financial and economic sanctions and export controls against certain Russian 
organizations and/or individuals. The packages of financials and economic sanctions imposed by the European

--- Page 17 ---
7 
 
Union, the U.S. and the UK, in various ways, constrain transactions with numerous Russian entities and 
individuals; transactions in Russian sovereign debt; and investment, trade, and financing to, from, or in certain 
regions of Ukraine (the “Russian Sanctions”). 
Since the beginning of the Russia – Ukraine Conflict and the implementation of the Russian Sanctions, the Issuer 
has carried out a deep analysis within the Group in order to ascertain whether any companies of the Group have 
business activity in Russia which could trigger the Russian Sanctions. The outcome of this analysis is that no 
activity prohibited by applicable Russian Sanctions is carried out in such country. In that respect, for sake of 
completeness, three companies of the FS Group are located in Russia and are indirectly controlled by Anas SpA 
(fully owned subsidiary of the Issuer) through Anas International Enterprise SpA, which holds 51% of a Russian 
company named AIE RUS LLC (“AIE RUS”). In turn, AIE RUS holds (a) 51% of the Russian company RIC – 
Road Investment Company (“RIC”), which has the concession for the restructuring of the Russian highway M4 
which connects Rostov/Don with Krasnodar, and (b) 40% of the Russian company UO – United Operator (“UO” 
and, together with AIE RUS and RIC, the “Russian Companies”), which is in charge of the maintenance of such 
highway for RIC.  
As at 31 December 2022, the overall revenues of the activities of the Group directly or indirectly related to the 
Russia Federation constitute less than 0.5% of the total revenues of the Group (applying the EUR/RUB exchange 
rate of 6 April 2023). In addition, with reference to the Russian Companies, such entities are not financed directly 
or indirectly by the Issuer and do not transfer, directly or indirectly, funds and/or assets to the Issuer itself. 
Moreover, no funds are transferred, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer to such entities. 
None of the activities of the FS Group directly or indirectly related to the Russia Federation are such as to create 
a breach by the Issuer of the Russian Sanctions legislation either due to the lack of subjective requirement or 
because the relevant activity/relationship is not forbidden, in each case under such legislation. 
Regarding the overall context described above, further to consultations with its external advisors, and taking into 
account the potential implications under Russian law, the agreements and relationships that the Issuer has in place 
with banks and financial institutions, as well as the reputational impacts on the Group and the dialogue with its 
stakeholders, the Issuer: (i) has decided not to undertake any new activities/initiatives in Russia; and (ii) is seeking 
possible exit strategy relating to the activities in Russia, notwithstanding that such activities are strongly limited 
in scope and have a negligible impact on Group revenues. 
Risks relating to downgrading 
- 
Risk relating to the downgrading of the Republic of Italy  
The Issuer's credit ratings closely reflect the rating of the Republic of Italy and are therefore exposed to the 
risk of reductions in the sovereign credit rating of Italy. Accordingly, on the basis of the methodologies used 
by rating agencies, further downgrades of Italy's credit rating may have a consequential effect on the credit 
rating of the Issuer. Since the Issuer has been rated, each time a downgrading of Italy's credit rating occurred, 
an equivalent action on the Issuer credit ratings was taken by the rating agencies. This could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s cost of funding and access to debt market, with a potential adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s financial condition or result of operation. 
- 
Risk relating to the downgrading of the Issuer's ratings  
The Issuer has the following ratings assigned to it: BBB by Fitch and BBB by Standard & Poor's. If a 
significant deterioration or downgrading of the Issuer's ratings to a sub-investment grade rating occurs, this 
may adversely affect the Issuer's access to alternative sources of funding and may increase the cost of funding, 
all of which could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition or results of operations.  
The Issuer has on-going dialogue with the rating agencies, in order to let them evaluate the Issuer's 
creditworthiness. In light of the most recent rating agencies' assessments, the Issuer's creditworthiness is not 
reasonably expected to have a material deterioration in the near future, however it cannot be excluded that this 
may occur and lead to the negative effects on the Issuer's financial condition or results of operations described 
above.  
Liquidity and Financing risks

--- Page 18 ---
8 
 
The Group may need to raise further debt from time to time to, among other things, finance future capital 
expenditure and enable it to refinance its existing indebtedness in the ordinary course of business. FS adopts 
asset/liability management techniques in raising debt capital and financing for the Group and maintains continuous 
control of Group funding needs and ensures ongoing funds availability, also by recourse to consistent cash 
holdings and committed lines. There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to raise future debt on terms 
that are economically viable or at all and this may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and results of 
operations. As of 31 December 2021, principal repayments due up to 2024 related to debt held by FS, Trenitalia, 
RFI and ANAS S.p.A. (“ANAS”) (which together held 98% of total debt as of 31 December 2021), amount to 
Euro 2,403 million. 
For further detail, see also “Description of the Issuer – Debt Structure”. 
Interest Rate risks  
The Group is mainly exposed to interest rate risk related to loans which bear variable rates of interest. The Group 
companies which are most exposed to this risk (including Trenitalia and RFI) have entered into hedging 
transactions on the basis of specific risk management policies approved by the respective Boards of Directors and 
implemented with the technical and operating support of FS, with the aim of managing the exposure to changes 
in interest rates. In particular, as of 31 December 2021, after hedging transactions, more than a 65% of debt held 
by FS, RFI, ANAS and Trenitalia (which together held 98% of total debt) has fixed rates of interest. 
The Group does not enter into derivatives for speculative purposes. There can be no assurance that such hedging 
transactions will be successful in eliminating the risks deriving from changes in interest rates, or the Group will 
be able to further implement transactions to hedge interest rate risk related to new debt issues and this may have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and results of operations. 
Risks relating to the Group's relationship with the Republic of Italy  
- 
Risks relating to the renewal of the main concessions 
The nature of FS' business, as a contractor for activities of public interest, implies the risks connected with the 
terms of renewal upon the expiry of any concession agreements (mainly, the RFI Contratto di Programma, 
ANAS Contratto di Programma and the Trenitalia Public Service Contracts, all of these are detailed in the 
section Business Description) with the Italian Government. 
These long-standing agreements or concessions with Italian governmental bodies have been extended upon 
expiry since their establishment and FS is expecting that such agreements and concessions will be further 
extended in the future in light of the strategic role played by FS and its subsidiaries and the volume of the 
investments made in connection with such agreements and concessions. However, should these agreements 
and concessions not extended in the future, FS' results of operation and financial condition may be adversely 
affected.  
- 
Risks relating to the Issuer's control by the Republic of Italy 
The Italian State owns 100% of the Issuer's paid up capital. The Italian State, acting through the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance (“MEF”), controls the Issuer and has the power to elect and remove its directors, as 
constituted from time to time, or committees thereof. Given the importance of the Italian railway sector to the 
national economy, the State could require the Issuer to take actions designed to serve the public interest in 
Italy which may not necessarily be designed to maximise FS' profits. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry 
Operational risks  
The Group operates in a technically complex sector. Unforeseen technical problems could lead to service 
interruptions and a decline in punctuality of the Group’s rail transport activities. Reductions in punctuality could 
in turn affect the perceived quality of the service provided by the Group and result in a loss of customers, which 
could directly impact the Group’s financial performance.

--- Page 19 ---
9 
 
Railway infrastructure and operations is also sensitive to interruptions/inconveniences due to faults in plant and 
technologies, natural disasters, vandalism, and/or severe weather conditions which could affect operating service 
continuity, bringing it to below expected quality standards and therefore generate potential negative effects on 
company results.  
Furthermore, the Group outsources rolling stock and railway and road network maintenance and construction, 
while it also uses third party manufacturers of spare parts for maintenance. A risk may arise from the Group's 
failure to comply with the contractual functional specifications of material delivered by its manufacturers. In 
recent years, the group has substantially changed the way in which it procures materials, revising its internal 
procedures and, in accordance with public contracting regulations, has prioritised purchase methods entailing the 
procurement of all parts relating to safety from original parts manufacturers only, while it always calls public calls 
to tenders for all other parts. 
The above-mentioned risks might cause operational difficulties that may have an adverse effect on the Group's 
business and results of operations. 
Major accidents, derailment or other incidents 
The FS Group may be adversely affected by accidents, derailments, breakdown or failure of equipment or 
processes, sabotage or fires that could cause prejudices and damages. Despite that, the Issuer maintains insurance 
policies in amounts and of the type generally consistent with industry practice, any of such significant events 
would cause the FS Group to incur additional expenses if not covered by relevant insurance. Moreover, the Issuer 
is continuously investing in order to upgrade safety systems that could prevent any of such incidents. 
Supply chain risks 
Disruptions to supply chains, such as delay in and non- availability of materials required to invest and/or upgrade 
the railways as planned or to obtain the relevant materials for maintenance of the railways and trains, can have a 
significant negative impact on FS Group's business due to possibly significantly lower revenues and/or higher 
expenses. If similar developments occur, this could have a significant negative impact on FS Group’s financial 
position. 
Business risks  
Although FS Group – through Trenitalia – maintains a strong market share in the railway market in Italy, where 
the long distance rail market is the only European market that is opened to competition (since before the 
implementation of the Fourth Railway Package), the increasing competition on high-speed routes may have a 
negative impact on the Group's business and profitability. In this respect, it should be noted that the significant 
investment made by FS in the railway market aims at increasing both the relevant market demand and FS' relevant 
market share.  
Regional transportation risks  
In respect of the Italian regional transport segment, since 2012, there have been several developments in the 
applicable legislative framework and FS cannot rule out the introduction of further legislative amendments in the 
future. In Judgement 199/2012, delivered in July 2012, the Italian Constitutional Court declared the constitutional 
illegality of art. 4 of Law 148/2011, converting Legislative Decree n.138/2011 into law, which provided for the 
obligation to launch tenders for the regional transport service upon the expiry of the contracts in place with the 
Group. 
The Group has entered into contracts with the Regional Authorities which do not depend on the procedures 
through which the Regional Authorities themselves may find the necessary sources of financing. These processes 
could have a negative impact on the mobility needs expressed by local areas and on planning criterion imposed 
by the railway sector in relation to the time required for the implementation of any investment plans. Although 
safeguards for investments have been provided for in executing the service contracts, there remains uncertainty in 
respect of the future developments in the legislative framework. This uncertainty may have a negative impact on 
the Group's results of operations, specifically in relation to the contracts it entered into with Regional Authorities.  
For further detail, see also “Description of the Issuer – Regional Public Service Contracts”.

--- Page 20 ---
10 
 
IT risks  
The Group relies heavily on its telecommunications network and computer systems for coordination of scheduling 
and other aspects of its railway operations as well as accounting, ticket sales for passenger trains, tracking cargo 
deliveries and numerous other functions. Hardware and software used by the Group may be damaged by human 
error, natural disaster, power loss and other events. In order to ensure continuous availability of IT operations, the 
Group has in place a redundancy methodology for operations and data backup as well as a fail-safe network 
coupling. These measures safeguard critical business and IT processes and prevent serious breakdowns. However, 
there can be no assurance that the implemented safeguard measures will be sufficient and/or be able to prevent 
any IT system failures which may, in turn, have an adverse effect on the Group's business and results of operations, 
including increased expenses and decreased revenues. Specifically, in order to continue minimising this risk in 
any circumstances and to ensure service continuity or recovery in the shortest amount of time possible following 
potential IT infrastructure disaster, FS Group is implementing business continuity solutions for business critical 
systems only. The maximum tolerance range for these systems to restore services and update the data is not more 
than 30 minutes, which is higher than the current limits of the disaster recovery plan. 
In addition, the Issuer is subject to the regulations governing the protection, collection and processing of personal 
data in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The Issuer is exposed to the risk that the data could be damaged or 
lost, or removed, disclosed or processed (data breach) for purposes other than those authorized by the customer, 
including by unauthorized parties (such as third parties or Group employees). 
The possible destruction, damage or loss of customer, employee or third party data, as well as its removal, 
unauthorized processing or disclosure, would have a negative impact on FS’ business and reputation, and could 
subject the Issuer to fines, with consequent negative effects on FS’ business, results of operations or financial 
condition. 
In addition, changes to such regulation could impose more stringent sanctions for violations and could have a 
negative impact on the Group’s business insofar as they lead the Group to incur additional compliance costs. 
There are possible risks with regard to the reliability of the system (disaster recovery), the quality and integrity of 
the data managed and the threats to which IT systems are subject, as well as physiological risks related to the 
management of software changes (change management), which could have negative effects on the Group’s 
operations, as well as on the Issuer’s capital and financial situation. 
Among the risks the Issuer faces relating to the management of IT systems there are the possible violations of the 
Group’s systems due to unauthorized access to the corporate network or IT resources, the introduction of viruses 
into computers or any other form of abuse carried out via internet. Like attempted hacking, such violations have 
become more frequent over the years throughout the world and therefore can threaten the protection of information 
relating to us and our customers and can have negative effects on the integrity of the Issuer’s IT systems, as well 
as on the confidence of the customers and on the Issuer’s reputation, with possible negative effects on the Issuer’s 
capital and financial condition. 
Regulatory Risk  
FS bears a regulatory risk as it operates in a sector regulated by an independent authority, the Italian Transport 
Regulation Authority (“ART”). The ART is in charge of enacting economic regulation in the field of transport 
and access to related infrastructures and services. In particular, the ART determines criteria for infrastructure 
charge and route allocation and defines tender schemes to award public service contracts. In this respect, the ART 
issues rules that may have an impact on the Issuer’s activities and business. The Issuer is also subject to a 
regulatory framework at European level. For instance, the Directive (EU) 2016/2370 of the European Parliament 
and the Council – "Fourth Railway Package" (as implemented in Italy by Legislative Decree n. 139 of 23 
November 2018) as regards the opening of the market for national passenger railway transport services and the 
governance of railway infrastructure. FS' results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected 
by any material changes in law or regulation in FS' areas of business adopted by Italian and/or European bodies. 
Risks related to Litigation and Contracts  
FS and the Group may be involved in disputes, procedures and litigation arising from claims for damages and/or 
from legal disputes or formal investigations. Provisions are made for legal and contractual risks after estimating 
the respective probability of their occurrence. The actual utilization of these provisions depends on whether the

--- Page 21 ---
11 
 
risks materialize to the extent set forth in the Group's current estimates. The current litigation proceedings led to 
the booking of a provision for an amount of Euro 1,558 million in the consolidated financial statements for the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2021, as stated in note 40 of the consolidated financial statements for the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2021 of FS (see "Information incorporated by reference"). A negative 
outcome resulting from such disputes could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and results of 
operations. For proceedings currently considered to involve material risks relating to the Issuer, see also 
“Description of the Issuer – Litigation”.  
Workforce risks  
The changes in legislation with regard to social security and pension reform in Italy represent an element of high 
risk due to the repercussions they could cause in terms of their impact on the policies planned for the human 
resources management within the Group. Such repercussions may, in the future, have a negative financial impact 
on the Group's results of operations.  
Environmental risks  
The Group's operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations as it operates as a contracting 
entity for infrastructure construction works and transport of freight that could potentially be hazardous to the 
environment. Compliance with environmental regulations is an on-going process and, as such, new laws and 
regulations, the imposition of more stringent requirements, increasingly strict enforcement or new interpretations 
of existing environmental laws may require the Group to modify its operations, incur substantial unbudgeted costs 
to comply with current or future regulations or incur fines or penalties for environmental violations that could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, profitability and operating results. 
Procurement risks  
In the context of its ordinary business activity, mainly related to transportation services and infrastructure 
management, both rail and road, the Group purchases commodities, energy and various services, which are 
essential to its business. As a consequence, notwithstanding procurement management policies that the Group has 
in place, the Group may be affected by procurement prices for such commodities, energy and services which may 
shift depending on market trends, provided that a relevant portion of electricity cost for train traction currently 
benefits from compensations that limit exposure to market prices. FS Group may not be able to transfer (or may 
only be able to transfer to a limited extent) greater procurement costs to sales prices to customers, with a 
consequent impact on the profit margin of the Group’s products and services.  
Project risks  
The investments carried on by the Group in the overall transportation system, both rail and road, require high 
amounts of capital expenditures and involve complex projects which are frequently on a multi-year terms. 
Changes in the legal framework, delays in deliveries of such projects or technical adjustments during the project 
terms can result in increasing costs. As such, changes listed above could lead to increased costs and/or have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business and results of operations. 
Risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common of such features, 
distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective

--- Page 22 ---
12 
 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of 
Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may 
redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. In such circumstances an investor may not be 
able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the 
relevant Notes. 
If the interest rate on any Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to their 
principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for more 
conventional interest bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate index 
"benchmarks"  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which 
are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to such a “benchmark”.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU.  Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, 
could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the 
benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have 
the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or 
unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
Separately the euro risk free-rate working group for the Euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products

--- Page 23 ---
13 
 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro 
financial system. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it 
would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" 
which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and 
contracts in the Euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the 
new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the Euro area. The €STR was published for the 
first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or 
whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions (as 
further described in Condition 7(l) (Benchmark Discontinuation), or result in adverse consequences to holders of 
any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR 
or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any 
changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark 
may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and 
the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, such as EURIBOR (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest 
could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental 
body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although 
the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in 
the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original 
benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the 
Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Risks relating to Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Inflation Linked Notes (being either an Inflation Linked Interest Note, an Inflation Linked 
Redemption Note or a combination of the two) where the amount of principal (subject to the amount of principal 
payable on such Notes being equal to at least 100% of the nominal value of the Notes) and/or interest payable are 
dependent upon the level of an inflation/consumer price index or indices. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Inflation Linked Notes 
(i) they may receive no interest or a limited amount of interest and (ii) payment of principal, and/or interest may 
occur at a different time than expected. In addition, the movements in the level of the inflation/consumer price 
index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, 
currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices may affect the 
actual return to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.

--- Page 24 ---
14 
 
Inflation Linked Notes may be subject to certain disruption provisions or extraordinary event provisions (such as 
the delay and disruption provisions described in Condition 7(g)(ii) (Inflation Index delay and disruption 
provisions) and any Additional Disruption Events as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms). Relevant 
events may relate to an inflation/consumer price index publication being delayed or ceasing or such index being 
rebased or modified. If the Calculation Agent (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) determines that any such 
event has occurred this may delay valuations under, and/or payments in respect of, the Notes and consequently 
adversely affect the value of the Notes. Any such adjustments may be by reference to a Related Bond, as defined 
in the applicable Final Terms if so specified therein. In addition certain extraordinary or disruption events may 
lead to early redemption of the Notes which may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. Whether and 
how such provisions apply to the relevant Notes can be ascertained by reading the Inflation Linked Notes 
Conditions in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one 
or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the inflation/consumer price 
index or the indices on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
A relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to a measure of inflation to which the Notes are linked 
may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with other indices. Any movement in the level of 
the index may result in a reduction of the interest payable on the Notes (if applicable) or, in the case of Notes with 
a redemption amount linked to inflation, in a reduction of the amount payable on redemption or settlement (subject 
to the amount of principal payable on such Notes being equal to at least 100% of the nominal value of the Notes). 
The timing of changes in the relevant consumer price index or other formula linked to the measure of inflation 
comprising the relevant index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors on the Notes, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. 
An inflation or consumer price index to which interest payments and/or the redemption amount of Inflation Linked 
Notes are linked is only one measure of inflation for the relevant jurisdiction or area, and such Index may not 
correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation experienced by Noteholders in such jurisdiction or area. 
The market price of Inflation Linked Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the maturity 
date or expiration and the volatility of the level of the inflation or consumer price index or indices. The level of 
the inflation or consumer price index or indices may be affected by economic, financial and political events in 
one or more jurisdictions or areas. 
CMS Linked Interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate which determine the amount 
of interest (a "relevant factor"). Potential investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(b) 
they may receive no interest; 
(c) 
the relevant factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates, currencies or other indices; 
(d) 
if the relevant factor is applied to the Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
any other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the relevant factor on interest payable is likely to be 
magnified; and 
the timing of changes in the relevant factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is 
consistent with their expectations. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds such as a "green bond", "social bond" or 
"sustainability bond" there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment 
criteria of an investor.  
If in respect of any particular issue of Notes there is a particular identified use of proceeds including Eligible 
Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects or a combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social 
Projects (as defined under "Use of Proceeds" below), this will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the section "Use of Proceeds" and such

--- Page 25 ---
15 
 
Final Terms regarding use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for 
the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
In particular, the Issuer may choose to apply the proceeds from the issue of any Notes for Eligible Green Projects, 
Eligible Social Projects or a combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects, which have been 
defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green projects, social projects and/or a 
combination thereof as set out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") Green Bond Principles, 
Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines, respectively. No assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or 
a combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses the subject of 
or related to, any Eligible Green Projects, any Eligible Social Projects or a combination of Eligible Green Projects 
and Eligible Social Projects. 
There can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) (including those the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social 
Projects) will be available or capable of being implemented in or substantially in the manner anticipated or 
described in the Final Terms and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will 
be totally or partially disbursed for such project(s) or use(s). Nor can there be any assurance that any such projects 
will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results, impact or outcome (environmental, 
social or otherwise) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer 
will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. 
None of the Arrangers or the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability 
assessment of any Notes issued as "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainability bonds" or makes any 
representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such "green", "social", "sustainability" or similar labels. None of the Arrangers or the Dealers is 
responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainability bonds", 
nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. 
None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as "green bonds", "social bonds" or 
"sustainability bonds" or for the relevant project(s) or use(s) (including those the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social 
Projects), or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion, report or certification in connection 
with an issue of any Notes, or the failure of the Notes to meet investors' expectations requirements regarding any 
"green",  "social", "sustainable" or similar labels will constitute an Event of Default or breach of contract with 
respect to any of the Notes issued as "green bonds", "social bonds" or "sustainability bonds", as the case may be. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a green, social or sustainable or an equivalently labelled project 
or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as green, social, or sustainable or 
such other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop 
over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any project(s) or use(s) the subject of or 
related to any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a combination of Eligible Green Projects and 
Eligible Social Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such green, social, sustainable or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including those set out under Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the so called "EU Taxonomy") or Regulation 
(EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse 
environmental, social, sustainability and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any 
project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a 
combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects. Each prospective investor should have regard 
to the factors described in the section "Use of Proceeds" and the relevant information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its 
purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest. 
No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion, report, or 
certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as "green bonds", "social 
bonds" or "sustainability bonds" or in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Eligible 
Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects

--- Page 26 ---
16 
 
to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability, and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
opinion, report or certification is not incorporated in this Base Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
opinion, report or certification (i) is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus, (ii) is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or 
any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and (iii) would only be current as of the date that it was 
initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether 
or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other 
person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, for example with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability 
or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social 
Projects or a combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects. Additionally, it should be noted 
that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers 
or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, 
if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any project(s) or use(s), including any 
Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social 
Projects, and/or the withdrawal of any opinion, report or certification as described above or any such opinion, 
report or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
opinion, report or certification is opining or certifying on, and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted 
to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended by the Issuer to finance Eligible 
Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. 
Risks relating to Change of Control Put Option mechanism 
A Change of Control (as such term is defined in Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon a 
Change of Control Put Event)) of the Issuer may activate the right of Noteholders to require the Issuer to redeem 
the Notes (the "Change of Control Put Option") if, at the time such Change of Control occurs, there is also a 
downgrade in the credit rating assigned to the Notes, all as described in more detail in Condition 9(g) (Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event). If the Notes are unrated at the time of the 
Change of Control, the Noteholders' Change of Control Put Option is exercisable immediately upon the Change 
of Control occurring, in accordance with the procedures set out in Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event). The Issuer has certain other financing arrangements in place 
that were executed before any credit ratings were assigned to the Issuer and which permit the relevant creditors, 
including certain of the Dealers (the "Other Financing Creditors"), to activate a Change of Control put option 
regardless of the fulfilment of any additional condition (including any subsequent downgrade in the Issuer's or its 
securities' credit ratings). Therefore, should a Change of Control in respect of the Issuer occur, holders of Notes 
that are rated should be aware that they may be able to exercise their Change of Control Put Option only at a later 
stage, as compared to both (i) holders of Notes that are unrated and (ii) the Other Financing Creditors, who may 
exercise their put option immediately upon the Change of Control occurring. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification and waiver 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders

--- Page 27 ---
17 
 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
Notes under the programme are governed by English Law, and change of law cannot be foreseen at the date 
hereof 
The conditions of the Notes are governed by English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to applicable English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded 
in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, 
as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of 
such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Any Calculation Agent appointed under the Programme (whether the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent or 
otherwise) is the agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the Noteholders. Potential conflicts of interest may exist 
between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a Calculation Agent), 
including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant 
to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and 
upon their redemption. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. In addition, Notes issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated 
market and, in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and 
market prices of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency

--- Page 28 ---
18 
 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of 
the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate 
paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. The list of registered and 
certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not 
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between 
certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated 
ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will, if applicable, be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 29 ---
19 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland and shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the notes thereto) of the Issuer as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 (the "2020 Consolidated Financial Statements") and the auditor's report 
in respect of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements: 
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/dam/fsitaliane/en/Documents/investor-relations/financial-
statements/2020_FS_Annual_Report.pdf; 
2. 
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the notes thereto) of the Issuer as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Consolidated Financial Statements") and the auditor's report 
in respect of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements: 
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/dam/fsitaliane/Documents/investor-relations/annual-report-2021.pdf 
3. 
the summary of the main consolidated results of the Issuer as at 31 December 2022 (the "2022 Annual 
Report Highlights"):  
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/dam/fsitaliane/en/Documents/investor-relations/financial-
statements/2022_FS_Annual_report_Highlights.pdf  
4. 
the summary of the main unaudited interim consolidated results of the Issuer as at 30 June 2022 (the 
"2022 Unaudited Interim Report Highlights"):  
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/dam/fsitaliane/Documents/investor-relations/ENG_Documento-di-
sintesi-finanziaria-seme2022.pdf; and  
5. 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 15 December 2021 (the "December 
2021 Base Prospectus"):  
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/dam/fsitaliane/Documents/investor-
relations/IR_FS_EMTN_Base_Prospectus_15december2021.pdf;  
provided, however, that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any information or in any of the 
documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be modified or superseded 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently 
incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes such statement, provided that such modifying or superseding 
statement is made by way of a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2022 Annual Report Highlights, the 2022 Unaudited Interim Report 
Highlights and the December 2021 Base Prospectus:

--- Page 30 ---
20 
 
2020 and 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements 
2020 
2021 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
208 
238 
Consolidated Income Statement 
209 
236 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
210 
237 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
211 
239 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
212 
240 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
213 - 330 
242-353 
 
 
 
2020 and 2021 auditor's reports in respect of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 
Auditor's report in respect of the 2020 Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
All 
(pages 364 - 
370 of 
PDF) 
 
Auditor's report in respect of the 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
All 
(pages 392 - 
398 of 
PDF) 
 
 
2022 Annual Report Highlights 
2022 
Statement of financial position 
33 
Income Statement 
34 
Statement of comprehensive income 
35 
Statement of changes in equity 
36 
Statement of cash flows 
37 
 
2022 Unaudited Interim Report Highlights 
2022 
Income Statement 
29 
Statement of comprehensive income 
30 
Statement of financial position 
31 
Statement of changes in equity 
32 
Statement of cash flows 
33 
 
December 2021 Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
The terms and conditions of the December 2021 Base 
Prospectus 
Pages 27 - 63 
 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross reference lists above is considered 
additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of Commission Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 
(as amended). 
Copies of the documents specified above as containing information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus may be inspected, free of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer. Any information contained in 
any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not 
relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
21 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section, the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the information 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In relation to the different 
types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of 
the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
22 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES  
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global 
Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest 
coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may 
be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that global bearer notes in NGN form are 
in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of 
the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At 
the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note to the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of 
the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(i) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange 
of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(ii) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest

--- Page 33 ---
23 
 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of 
the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment,  
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights 
thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have 
under a deed of covenant dated 27 April 2023 (the "Deed of Covenant")) executed by the Issuer. 
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"):  
(i) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
(ii) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; 
(iii) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or  
(iv) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", then 
if either of the following events occurs:  
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs and is continuing. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 60 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (a) and (b) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances 
described in (c) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of (i) a minimum 
denomination of €100,000, plus (ii) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less 
than €100,000 nor more than €199,000. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations 
will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the 
principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Note. However, a Noteholder who holds a principal 
amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on

--- Page 34 ---
24 
 
which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 60 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant). 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 12 (Events of Default) occurs and is continuing.

--- Page 35 ---
25 
 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances 
described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of (i) a minimum 
denomination of €100,000, plus (ii) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less 
than €100,000 nor more than €199,000. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations 
will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the 
principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Note. However, a Noteholder who holds a principal 
amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 60 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has 
occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on 
the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, 
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following 
effect:

--- Page 36 ---
26 
 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code."

--- Page 37 ---
27 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €12,000,000,000 in 
aggregate principal amount of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement dated 
27 April 2023 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg 
Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named therein 
(together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor 
or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for 
viewing at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial specified office of which is set out 
below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement 
and are subject to its detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") and the 
holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", 
respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. In case of Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest 
payments remaining, talons for further Coupons will be attached on issue ("Talons"). 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;

--- Page 38 ---
28 
 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Change of Control" has the meaning given in Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
upon a Change of Control Put Event); 
"Change of Control Notice" has the meaning given in Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event); 
"Change of Control Put Date" has the meaning given in Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event); 
"Change of Control Put Event" has the meaning given in Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event); 
"Change of Control Put Notice" has the meaning given in Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event); 
"Change of Control Put Period" has the meaning given in Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event);

--- Page 39 ---
29 
 
"Change of Control Put Receipt" has the meaning given in Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event); 
"Change of Control Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, 101% of its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Consolidated Assets" means, with respect to any date, the consolidated total assets of the Group as 
reported in the most recently published audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; 
"Consolidated Revenues" means, with respect to any date, the consolidated total revenues of the Group 
as reported in the most recently published audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer; 
"Contratti di Programma", means the framework agreements, including any relevant related 
documentation, between Rete Ferroviaria Italiana S.p.A. and the Italian Ministry of Infrastructure and 
Transportation which are, for the time being, the basis for the funding of rail infrastructure development 
and related investments (parte investimenti) and services (parte servizi) (or any other instrument, contract, 
memorandum of understanding, document or agreement of any nature, law or regulation which, for the 
time being, are the basis for such funding) and which, in respect of any instrument, contract, memorandum 
of understanding, document or agreement of any nature, shall refer to such instrument, contract, 
memorandum of understanding, document or agreement as amended, supplemented, restated or novated 
from time to time, and in respect of any law or regulation, shall refer to such law or regulation as extended, 
amended or re-enacted; 
"CMS Rate" means the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a 
maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office of five 
major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference 
Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five major banks in the New 
York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each 
case selected by the Issuer on the advice, free of costs, of an investment bank of international repute; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a

--- Page 40 ---
30 
 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 41 ---
31 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period; 
"Decree No. 239" means Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and related implementing 
regulations, as amended, supplemented or re-enacted from time to time; 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration 
of that rate) based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and 
maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details 
of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the 
introduction of the euro, as amended; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 42 ---
32 
 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"High Speed Project" means the design, construction, maintenance and development of the new 
technologically advanced railway lines implemented by the Group to develop and maintain the high speed 
transport services; 
"Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility 
(b) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance bank credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(c) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan 
stock or any similar instrument; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(e) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); and 
(f) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Instalment Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Instalment Amount(s)" means the amount(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business 
Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or

--- Page 43 ---
33 
 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA Definitions" means  
(a) 
unless "ISDA 2021 Definitions" are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of such Series), as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org); or  
(b) 
if "ISDA 2021 Definitions" are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as 
defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on 
its website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series;  
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer which accounts for 15% or more of the 
Consolidated Assets or Consolidated Revenues of the Group; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Non-recourse Securitisation" means any securitisation, asset backed financing or transaction having 
similar effect under which an entity (or entities in related transactions) on commercially reasonable terms: 
(a) 
acquires receivables for principally cash consideration or uses existing receivables; and 
(b) 
issues any notes, bonds, commercial paper, loans or other securities (whether or not listed on a 
recognised stock exchange) to fund the purchase of or otherwise backed by those receivables 
and/or any shares or other interests falling under the scope of item (e)(2) of the Permitted Security 
Interest definition and the payment obligations in respect of such notes, bonds, commercial paper, 
loans or other securities: 
(i) 
are secured on those receivables; and 
(ii) 
are not guaranteed by any member of the Group (other than as a result of any Security 
Interest which is granted by any member of the Group in accordance with item (e)(2) of 
the Permitted Security Interest definition or as to the extent of any Standard 
Securitisation Undertakings); 
"Non-recourse Securitisation Debt" means any Relevant Indebtedness incurred by a Securitisation 
Entity pursuant to a securitisation of receivables where the recourse in respect of that Relevant 
Indebtedness to the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary is limited to: 
(a) 
those receivables and/or related insurance and/or any Standard Securitisation Undertakings; and

--- Page 44 ---
34 
 
(b) 
if those receivables comprise all or substantially all of the business or assets of such 
Securitisation Entity, the shares or other interests of any member of the Group in such 
Securitisation Entity; 
"Noteholders' Representative" has the meaning given in Condition 16(b) (Noteholders' Representative); 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the euro as 
its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means any fusione or scissione (such expressions bearing the meanings 
ascribed to them by the laws of the Republic of Italy) or any other reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger, consolidation, or other similar arrangement, in each case: 
(a) 
on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
occurring by operation of law; or 
(c) 
in the case of a Material Subsidiary, whilst solvent whereby all or a substantial part of the assets 
and undertaking of such Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer 
or another Material Subsidiary (or a Subsidiary which, as a result of such transfer or vesting, 
becomes a Material Subsidiary); or 
(d) 
in the case of the Issuer, whilst solvent whereby all or a substantial part of the assets and 
undertaking of the Issuer are transferred to an entity (such entity being, for the avoidance of 
doubt, prior to or immediately upon such transfer, a Subsidiary of the Issuer) and such entity (1) 
assumes or maintains (as the case may be) liability as principal debtor in respect of the Notes; 
and (2) continues substantially to carry on the business of the Issuer; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law (or agreement evidencing the same) in the 
ordinary course of business of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries which does not (either alone 
or together with any one or more other such Security Interests) materially impair the operation

--- Page 45 ---
35 
 
of such business prior to any enforcement of any such Security Interest or, as appropriate, 
Security Interests against the assets to which it or, as appropriate, they attach(es); 
(b) 
in the case of any entity which becomes a Subsidiary of any member of the Group after the Issue 
Date of the Notes, any Security Interest securing Relevant Indebtedness existing over its assets 
at the time it becomes such a Subsidiary provided that the Security Interest was not created in 
contemplation of or in connection with it becoming a Subsidiary and the amounts secured have 
not been increased in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisitions; 
(c) 
any Security Interest securing any Project Finance Indebtedness in the form of Relevant 
Indebtedness; 
(d) 
any Security Interest created to secure loans or notes provided, supported or subsidised by a 
governmental agency, export credit agency or a lending organisation established by the United 
Nations, the European Union or other international treaty organisation (such as the European 
Investment Bank and Eurofima – European Company for the Financing of Railroad Rolling 
Stock); 
(e) 
any Security Interest created over (1) the receivables of a Securitisation Entity (and any bank 
account to which such proceeds are deposited) which are subject to a Non-recourse Securitisation 
as security for Non-recourse Securitisation Debt raised by such Securitisation Entity in respect 
of such receivables; and/or (2) the shares or other interests owned by any member of the Group 
in any Securitisation Entity as security for Non-recourse Securitisation Debt raised by such 
Securitisation Entity, provided, in each case, that the receivables or revenues which are the 
subject of the relevant Non-recourse Securitisation comprise all or substantially all of the 
business of such Securitisation Entity, or any Security Interest created in order to extend, renew 
or replace, in whole or in part, any Security Interest referred to in this paragraph (or any 
successive extensions, renewals or replacements thereof) or extend, renew or refinance any 
Relevant Indebtedness secured by any Security Interest permitted by this paragraph; 
(f) 
any Security Interest created in connection with convertible bonds or notes where the Security 
Interest is created over the assets into which the convertible bonds or notes may be converted 
and secures only the obligation of the Issuer to effect the conversion of the bonds or notes into 
such assets; 
(g) 
to the extent that it does not fall within paragraphs (a) to (f) above, any Security Interest in 
existence on the date of this Base Prospectus which secures Indebtedness outstanding on such 
date; and 
(h) 
any Security Interest created in substitution of any Security Interest permitted under paragraphs 
(a) to (g) above over the same or substituted assets provided that (1) the principal amount 
secured by the substitute Security Interest does not exceed the principal amount outstanding and 
secured by the initial Security Interest and (2) in the case of substituted assets, the market value 
of the substituted assets as at the time of substitution does not exceed the market value of the 
assets replaced, 
provided that the aggregate amount of any Indebtedness secured by any Security Interest pursuant to 
paragraphs (b) to (h) above shall not, at any time, exceed 20% of the Group's Consolidated Assets; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 46 ---
36 
 
"Project" means the ownership, development, design, construction, operation and maintenance of the 
High Speed Project; 
"Project Finance Indebtedness" means any present or future, secured or unsecured, Indebtedness of any 
member of the Group incurred to finance or refinance the Project, whereby (A) the claims of the relevant 
creditor(s) against the borrower are limited to (i) the amount of cash flow or net cash flow generated by 
and through the Project during the tenor of such Project Finance Indebtedness and/or (ii) the amount of 
proceeds deriving from the enforcement of any Security Interest taken over the Project to secure the 
Project Finance Indebtedness and (B) the relevant creditor has no recourse whatsoever against any assets 
of any member of the Group other than the Project and the Security Interest taken over the Project to 
secure the Project Finance Indebtedness; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rating Agency" means any of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, 
and any other rating agency substituted for either of them by the Issuer and, in each case, any of their 
respective successors to the rating business thereof; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Change of Control Redemption Amount, the Early Termination Amount, the Instalment Amount or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate, on the advice, 
free of costs, of an investment bank of international repute; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR or the CMS Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period;

--- Page 47 ---
37 
 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means (i) any Indebtedness, whether present or future, which is in the form of 
or represented by any bond, note (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any note issued on a private 
placement basis to investors located in the United States or elsewhere), debenture, debenture stock, loan 
stock, certificate, commercial paper or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or 
traded on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other organised market for securities or (ii) any 
guarantee and/or indemnity in relation to any such Indebtedness; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(a) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 
day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to 
the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where 
the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to 
EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA 
Definitions; and  
(b) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify otherwise, the 
mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 16(a) (Meetings of Noteholders); 
"Securitisation Entity" means any special purpose vehicle created for the sole purpose of carrying out, 
or otherwise used solely for the purpose of carrying out a Non-recourse Securitisation or any other 
Subsidiary which is effecting Non-recourse Securitisations; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without 
limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Standard Securitisation Undertakings" means representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities 
entered into by any member of the Group from time to time which are customary in relation to Non-

--- Page 48 ---
38 
 
recourse Securitisations, including any performance undertakings with respect to servicing obligations or 
undertakings with respect to breaches of representations or warranties; 
"Subsidiary" means, a company which is a società controllata as provided by Article 2359, paragraph 1 
of the Italian Civil Code; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable", then such expression is not applicable 
to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes with more than 
one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder 
of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest 
therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be 
liable for so treating such holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any 
Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 49 ---
39 
 
4. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at all times 
rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both 
mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall ensure that none of its 
Material Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest (other than a Permitted 
Security Interest) upon the whole or any part of its present or future assets to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing 
the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other Security Interest for the Notes as 
may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders or (c) the prior written approval by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of Noteholders. 
6. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate 
of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, 
upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, 
in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after 
as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the 
day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received 
all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. 
7. 
Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions) 
is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or Inflation Linked Interest 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the

--- Page 50 ---
40 
 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day 
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than Floating Rate Notes linked to 
the CMS Rate: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is not specified 
as the Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer will request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with a quotation of the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; 
and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer on the advice, free of costs, of 
an investment bank of international repute, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a 
period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the

--- Page 51 ---
41 
 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period for which such rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to the CMS Rate: If 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the CMS Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest). 
If, on any Interest Determination Date, less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the 
CMS Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin related to that last preceding Interest Period). 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" 
as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions;  
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period

--- Page 52 ---
42 
 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the 
Issuer , and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines appropriate.  
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is 
the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option and Index 
Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable 
and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) Observation Period

--- Page 53 ---
43 
 
Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be 
replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 7(e) shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(f) 
Rate of Interest - Inflation Linked Interest Notes  
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes for 
each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Rate of Interest = [Rate Multiplier]* (DIR(t)/DIR(0)) 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either case, 
designated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the provisions of Condition 
7(h) (Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest) shall apply as appropriate. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
The Rate of Interest and the result of DIR(t) divided by DIR(0) shall be rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"Day of Month" means the actual number of days since the start of the relevant month; 
"Days in Month" means the number of days in the relevant month; 
"DIR(0)" means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms and being the value as 
calculated in accordance with the following formula (where month "t" is the month and year in 
which the Trade Date falls): 
DIR(0) = Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1) + [Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 2) - 
Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1)]*[(DayOfMonth - 1)/DaysInMonth], rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards;

--- Page 54 ---
44 
 
"DIR(t)" means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in month "t", the value 
calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
DIR(t) = Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1) + [Inflation Index(t Lookback Period 2) - 
Inflation Index(t - Lookback Period 1)]*[(DayOfMonth - 1)/DaysInMonth], rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
"Inflation Index" means the relevant inflation index set out in Annex I to this Base Prospectus 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Inflation Index (t Lookback Period 1)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the month 
that is the number of months in the Lookback Period 1 prior to the month (t) in which the relevant 
Specified Interest Payment Date falls; 
"Inflation Index (t Lookback Period 2)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the month 
that is the number of months in the Lookback Period 2 prior to the month in which the relevant 
Specified Interest Payment Date falls; and 
"Rate Multiplier" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if 
Rate Multiplier is specified as "Not Applicable", the Rate Multiplier shall be deemed to be equal 
to one. 
(g) 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions  
(i) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of Inflation Linked Interest Notes and Inflation Linked Redemption Notes: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms): 
(A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or 
(B) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable 
law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index or (ii) any 
Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, any of its affiliates or any other 
Hedging Party). 
"Cut Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior to any 
due date for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant Determination Date is 
relevant, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date and an Inflation 
Index, that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of such 
Inflation Index (the "Relevant Level") in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised 
in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Determination 
Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut Off Date. 
"Determination Date" means each of the Interest Determination Date and the Redemption 
Determination Date, as the case may be, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 55 ---
45 
 
"End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fallback Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation 
Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation the relevant 
Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to such Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the End Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such 
bond maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond 
defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates 
to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select 
an inflation linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any 
government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. 
In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation linked 
bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation linked bond 
maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from 
those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback 
Bond on the same basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected from all 
eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for 
which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, 
remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its affiliates or any other party 
providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the Notes as 
the Issuer may select at such time. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk 
(including, without limitation, price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, if 
applicable. 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index which, as of the Issue 
Date, is the Inflation Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Redemption Determination Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, if 
applicable. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index is 
reported as specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information is 
published or announced, except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is a 
period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant Level 
is reported. 
"Related Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback 
Bond", then, for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback

--- Page 56 ---
46 
 
Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems 
or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond 
determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" above. 
(ii) 
Inflation Index delay and disruption provisions 
(A) 
Delay in publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Inflation 
Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant Level for such 
Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference Month subject to such Delayed Index Level 
Event (the "Substitute Index Level") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(1) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Substitute Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level 
determined under the terms and conditions of the relevant Related 
Bond; or 
(2) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation 
Index in the relevant Final Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not 
able to determine a Substitute Index Level under (1) above, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level by  
reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level), 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
"Base Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index (excluding 
any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect 
of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Index Level 
is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor 
prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor 
in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month in respect of the Latest 
Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of any 
Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to this paragraph (A) of Condition 7(g)(ii). 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time on or after the 
relevant Cut off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute 
Index Level so determined pursuant to this paragraph (A) of Condition 7(g)(ii) will be the  
definitive level for that Reference Month. 
(B) 
Cessation of publication

--- Page 57 ---
47 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two (2) consecutive months, or the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it 
will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor 
otherwise cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor 
inflation index (the "Successor Inflation Index") (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation 
Index) for the purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes by using the following methodology: 
(i) if at any time (other than after an early redemption has been designated by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to this Condition 7(g)), a successor inflation index has been designated by the 
calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, such 
successor inflation index shall be designated a "Successor Inflation Index" notwithstanding that 
any other Successor Inflation Index may previously have been determined under paragraphs 
(B)(ii), (B)(iii) or (B)(iv) below of Condition 7(g); 
(ii) if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to paragraph (B)(i) above of 
Condition 7(g), and a notice has been given or an announcement has been made by the Inflation 
Index Sponsor specifying that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement Inflation 
Index specified by the Inflation Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such 
replacement index is calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, such 
replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the Inflation Linked Notes from 
the date that such replacement Inflation Index comes into effect; 
(iii) if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to paragraphs (B)(i) or (B)(ii) 
above of Condition 7(g), the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to state 
what the replacement index for the Inflation Index should be. If four or five responses are 
received and, of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the 
same index, this index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three responses are 
received and two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index will be 
deemed the "Successor Inflation Index".  If fewer than three responses are received or no 
Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant to this paragraph (B)(iii) of Condition 7(g), the 
Calculation Agent will proceed to paragraph (B)(iv) below of Condition 7(g); or 
(iv) if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined under paragraphs 
(B)(i), (B)(ii) or (B)(iii) above of Condition 7(g) by the next occurring Cut Off Date, the 
Calculation Agent, subject as provided below, will determine an appropriate alternative index 
from such Cut Off Date, and such index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(v) if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative inflation index to 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early at the Early Redemption 
Amount. 
(C) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for the purposes of 
determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, 
that the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments as are made by the calculation agent (or 
equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if "Related Bond" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that 
the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was 
rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased 
Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(D) 
Material modification prior to last occurring Cut Off Date 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces that it 
will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make any 
such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
consistent with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if "Related Bond" is not specified as

--- Page 58 ---
48 
 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, only those adjustments to the Inflation Index necessary 
for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index. 
(E) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is fifteen (15) Business Days 
prior to the relevant Redemption Determination Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar days of 
publication, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has corrected the 
level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original publication, the Calculation 
Agent may, in its discretion, make such adjustments to the terms of the Inflation Linked Notes 
as it determines appropriate to account for the correction and will notify the Noteholders of any 
such adjustments in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(F) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event  
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may at its option: 
(a) make any adjustment or adjustments to the payment or any other term or condition of the 
Notes as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate; and/or 
(b) redeem all but not some of the Inflation Linked Notes on the date notified by the Calculation 
Agent to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) by payment of the relevant 
Early Redemption Amount, as at the date of redemption, taking into account the relevant 
Additional Disruption Event. 
(iii) 
Inflation Index disclaimer 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation Index or the Inflation 
Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not make any representation whatsoever, 
whether express or implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Inflation 
Index and/or the levels at which the Inflation Index stands at any particular time on any particular 
date or otherwise. Neither the Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall be liable 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Inflation Index and the 
Inflation Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. The 
Inflation Index Sponsor is not making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, 
as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Notes. The Issuer 
shall not have liability to the Noteholders for any act or failure to act by the Inflation Index 
Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Inflation Index. 
Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, neither the 
Issuer nor its affiliates have any affiliation with or control over the Inflation Index or the Inflation 
Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Inflation 
Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Inflation Index 
from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this 
information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is 
made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to 
the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Inflation Index. 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest 
Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such

--- Page 59 ---
49 
 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. 
(j) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Issuer and the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Calculation Agent 
shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation 
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
(k) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to 
any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(l) 
Benchmark Discontinuation:  If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate 
when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with this Condition 7(l)) and, 
in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 7(l)(cc)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(l)(dd)). 
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the Issuer, the Paying Agents or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to 
this Condition 7(l) and the Paying Agents will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or 
expense which may arise as a result thereof.  
(aa) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 7(l) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest 
Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference 
Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For the avoidance 
of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 7(l)(aa) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. Any 
subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
7(l).  
(bb)  
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 7(l)(cc)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following 
Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 7(l) in the event of a further Benchmark Event 
affecting the Successor Rate; or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 7(l)(cc))

--- Page 60 ---
50 
 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest 
Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 7(l) in the event 
of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
(cc) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(dd)  
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 7(l) and the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the Calculation Agent 
(or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 7(l)(ee), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Paying Agents shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, 
consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and 
these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 7(l)).  
(ee)  
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(l) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent, and in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(ff) 
No later than notifying the Paying Agents of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Paying Agents a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor 
Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where 
applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 7(l); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread.  
(gg) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Noteholders.  
(hh) 
As used in this Condition 7(l):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:

--- Page 61 ---
51 
 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement 
rate for the Reference Rate; or  
(C) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate) the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(D) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 7(l)(ii) is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the Specified 
Currency.  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or  
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or 
in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (i) such 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market or (ii) the 
methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable).

--- Page 62 ---
52 
 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C) or (D) above and the Specified Future 
Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(l)(dd). 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 7(l). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
8. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if 
the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date or, in case Condition 9(b) 
(Redemption by Instalments) applies its final Instalment Amount on the final Instalment Date, or, 
in the case of each Note which is an Inflation Linked Redemption Note, determined in 
accordance with Condition 9(h) (Calculation of Inflation Linked Redemption) in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms subject tin each 
case as provided in Condition 10 (Payments).

--- Page 63 ---
53 
 
See Condition 9(g) (Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes) and Condition 9(h) (Calculation of 
Inflation Linked Redemption) in relation to each Note which is an Inflation Linked Redemption 
Note. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments: If the Redemption by Instalments is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in 
this Condition 9, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be 
partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the Instalment Amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the 
Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of 
the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the relevant 
Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relates to such 
Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note nor Inflation Linked Interest Note  
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note or Inflation Linked Interest Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other 
period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at 
their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed 
for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Italy or any political 
subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein having power to tax, 
or any change in the application or official interpretation or administration of 
such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due; 
or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 
60 days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant final 
terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing 
to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is

--- Page 64 ---
54 
 
referred to in this Condition 9(c), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 9(c). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
final terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, 
as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 9(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as 
the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of 
each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred 
to in Condition 9(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of 
the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(f), the holder of a Note must, not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such 
other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms), deposit with any Paying Agent 
such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option 
Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is 
so deposited shall immediately notify the Issuer and shall deliver a duly completed Put Option 
Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option 
Notice in accordance with this Condition 9(f), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, 
prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due 
and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant 
Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may 
have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note 
at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the 
relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in 
accordance with this Condition 9(f), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall 
be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event: If at any time 
while the Notes remain outstanding a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of any 
Note will have the option (unless, prior to the giving of the Change of Control Put Notice referred 
to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption for tax reasons)) to require the Issuer to redeem such Note on the Change of Control 
Put Date at its Change of Control Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the Change of Control Put Date. 
If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the Issuer shall, within 14 days of the occurrence of such Change 
of Control Put Event, give notice (a "Change of Control Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control and the procedure for exercising 
the option contained in this Condition 9(g). 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note, the holder of this Note must deliver this Note at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during the normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent falling within the period (the "Change of Control Put Period") of 45 days after that on which a

--- Page 65 ---
55 
 
Change of Control Notice is given, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in 
the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Change 
of Control Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition. All unmatured coupons shall be dealt with in accordance with the provisions 
of Condition 10 (Payments). The Paying Agent to which such Note and Change of Control Put Notice 
are delivered will issue to the holder concerned a non-transferable receipt (a "Change of Control Put 
Receipt") in respect of the Note so delivered. The Issuer shall redeem the Notes in respect of which 
Change of Control Put Receipt have been issued on the date (the "Change of Control Put Date") being 
the fifteenth day after the date of expiry of the Change of Control Put Period, unless previously redeemed 
and purchased. Payment in respect of any Note will be made on the Change of Control Put Date by 
transfer to the bank account (if any) specified in the Change of Control Put Notice and, in every other 
case on or after the Change of Control Put Date, in each case against presentation and surrender or (as 
the case may be) endorsement of such Change of Control Put Receipt at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 9(g). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
A "Change of Control" will be deemed to occur if the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance 
(Ministero dell'economia e delle finanze) ("MEF") ceases to own either directly and/or indirectly 
(through any arm or body of the Italian State or any company directly or indirectly controlled by MEF) a 
shareholding which entitles MEF to have the majority of the voting rights in the ordinary and 
extraordinary shareholders' meetings of the Issuer, both at the first and second summoning 
(convocazione). 
A "Change of Control Put Event" shall be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
Change of Control occurs; and 
(b) 
if at the time of the Change of Control, the Notes carry a credit rating which is either: 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (BBB-/Baa3/BBB-, or equivalent, or better), and such 
credit rating is, within 90 days of the occurrence of the Change of Control, either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or 
worse) or withdrawn and is not, within such 90-day period, subsequently (in the case of 
a downgrade) upgraded to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency or 
(in the case of a withdrawal) replaced by an investment grade credit rating from any 
other Rating Agency; or 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (BB+/Ba1/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), and such 
credit rating is, within 90 days of the occurrence of the Change of Control, either 
downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) or 
withdrawn and is not, within such 90-day period, subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency or (in 
the case of a withdrawal) replaced by an equivalent credit rating or better from any other 
Rating Agency. 
For the avoidance of doubt, paragraph (b) above shall only apply in the event the Notes carry a 
credit rating from any Rating Agency at the time of the Change of Control. 
(c) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (g) above. 
(d) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the 
Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable.

--- Page 66 ---
56 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(d) or, 
if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(e) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith. 
(f) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and 
any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them may be cancelled and may not be 
reissued or resold. 
(g) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes 
In respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent will calculate such Final Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount (as the case may be) promptly after each time such amount 
is capable of being determined and will notify the Agent thereof promptly after calculating the 
same. The Agent will promptly thereafter notify the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are for the time being listed thereof and cause notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(h) 
Calculation of Inflation Linked Redemption 
The Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Note that is an Inflation Linked 
Redemption Note shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Redemption 
Determination Date (utilising the DIR(t) value applicable to the Final Redemption Amount) in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination + Max [100%; [Redemption Amount 
Multiplier] * (DIR(t)/DIR(0))] 
The result of DIR(t) divided by DIR(0) shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards and the Final Redemption Amount shall be rounded (if 
necessary) to the nearest euro cent with half a euro cent being rounded upwards. 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Note that is an Inflation Linked 
Interest Note or an Inflation Linked Redemption Note shall be the sum of (i) a principal amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent promptly after the time the Early Redemption Amount is 
capable of being determined in accordance with the formula set out above, provided that the 
reference to "Final Redemption Amount" shall be replaced by a reference to "Early Redemption 
Amount" and the DIR(t) value applicable to the Early Redemption Amount shall be utilised 
(subject to the amount of principal payable on such Notes being equal to at least 100% of the 
nominal value of the Notes); and (ii) interest accrued but unpaid in respect of the period from, 
and including, the most recent Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the date for redemption 
of the Notes where the Rate of Interest for such period shall be calculated in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Defined terms used in this Condition shall have the same meanings as set out in Condition 7(f) 
(Rate of Interest - Inflation Linked Interest Notes) provided that, "DIR(t)" means the value of the 
Inflation Index for (i) in the case of the calculation of the Final Redemption Amount, the Maturity 
Date and (ii) in the case of the calculation of the Early Redemption Amount, the date for 
redemption of the Notes, in each case calculated in accordance with the following formula where 
month "t" is the month and year of the Maturity Date in the case of (i) above and the month and 
year in which the date for redemption falls in the case of (ii) above: 
DIR(t)=Inflation Index(t-Lookback Period-1)+[Inflation Index(t-Lookback Period 2) Inflation 
Index(tLookback Period 1)]* [DayOfMonth 1)/DaysInMonth] 
Rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards

--- Page 67 ---
57 
 
If the date for redemption occurs prior to the first Interest Payment Date, a pro rata proportion of 
an amount equal to the product of the Initial Ratio Amount multiplied by DIR(t)/DIR(0) shall be 
added to the relevant Interest Amount (in respect of the period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the date of redemption of the Notes) (such sum shall be 
rounded (if necessary) to the nearest euro cent with half a euro cent being rounded upwards). 
"Redemption Amount Multiplier" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if Redemption Amount Multiplier is specified as "Not Applicable", the Redemption 
Amount Multiplier shall be deduced to be equal to 100%. 
The provisions of Condition 7(g) (Inflation Linked Note Provisions) shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
10. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is 
euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the 
payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons 
at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 
paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified 
Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is 
due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and 
(iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation); and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of that Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented for payment on redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due 
for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph

--- Page 68 ---
58 
 
would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such 
missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) 
which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 9(c) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), 
Condition 9(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event) or Condition 12 (Events of Default), all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no 
payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note 
or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect 
of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by 
paragraph (c) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the 
amount and date of such payment. 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the 
time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such 
Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon 
Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which 
claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription)). Upon the due date 
for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and 
no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or 
on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic 
of Italy or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental 
charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will 
result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or 
Coupon presented for payment:

--- Page 69 ---
59 
 
(i) 
in the Republic of Italy; 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges 
have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding 
of the Note or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non-Italian resident 
legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is not resident in a country which 
allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian authorities (the "White 
List States") as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 September 1996, as 
amended from time to time; or 
(iv) 
by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in 
respect of such Note or Coupon, by making a declaration or any other statement to the 
relevant tax authority, including but not limited to, a declaration of residence or 
non-residence or other similar claim for exemption; or 
(v) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such 
Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such 
Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(vi) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, premium or other proceeds of 
any Note, or Coupon on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended from time to time, except where the 
requirements and procedures set forth in Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as 
amended, have not been met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the 
Issuer; or 
(vii) 
in respect of any Note where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to 
Italian Law Decree No. 512 of 30th September 1983, converted into Law No. 649 of 25 
November 1983 as amended from time to time. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other 
than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be 
construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. Notwithstanding 
any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold and deduct any 
amounts required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or otherwise imposed pursuant to (i) 
any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or (ii) an intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation 
thereof, or (iii) any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement (any such 
withholding or deduction, a "FATCA Withholding"), and no person shall be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
12. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: if default is made by the Issuer in the payment of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 7 days in the case 
of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 
days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Material Subsidiary

--- Page 70 ---
60 
 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not paid when due 
or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; or 
(ii) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or (as the 
case may be) the relevant Material Subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, 
howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable 
by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness, 
provided that no such event shall constitute an event of default so long as and to the extent that 
the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary is contesting in a recognised court and/or 
jurisdiction, in good faith, that the relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of any Indebtedness shall 
be due or enforceable, as appropriate, and provided further that the amount of Indebtedness 
referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under 
any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds 
€100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
Contratti di Programma: any of the Contratti di Programma expires and is not renewed (on 
substantially the same terms) within 12 months of its expiry (or is otherwise terminated), unless 
the parties thereto continue to perform the relevant obligations therein on materially the same 
terms, and unless it is replaced by any other instrument, contract, memorandum of understanding, 
document or agreement of any nature, law or regulation having the same effects thereto on the 
Group; or 
(e) 
Unsatisfied judgment: the Issuer fails to pay, for a period of 60 days after the date(s) of receipt 
of notice or, if later, the date therein specified for payment, one or more final judgment(s) or 
order(s) of a court of competent jurisdiction rendered against the Issuer for the payment in excess 
of €500,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies), provided that no such 
event shall constitute an event of default so long as and to the extent that the Issuer is contesting 
in a recognised court or jurisdiction, in good faith, that the relevant amount shall not be due or 
enforceable, as appropriate, within 60 days of receiving notice of the final judgement or order 
and such final judgement or order is subsequently discharged within 180 days, commencing on 
the date on which the Issuer commences the proceedings in the recognised court or jurisdiction; 
or 
(f) 
Insolvency: (i) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is adjudicated or becomes insolvent 
or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, or (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries or the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and 
revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is appointed (or application for any such 
appointment is made) where a "substantial part" of the Issuer's or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries' business means a part of the Issuer's or any of its Material Subsidiaries' business 
which accounts for 25% or more of, alternatively, the Group's Consolidated Assets or 
Consolidated Revenues, or (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries takes any action for 
judicial composition proceedings with its creditors or the appointment of an administrator, 
liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver or other similar official in insolvency proceedings or 
makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any 
Indebtedness given by it, provided that, in respect of (i) and (ii) above only, no such event shall 
constitute an event of default so long as and to the extent that the Issuer is contesting such 
adjudication or appointment in a recognised court or jurisdiction, in good faith within 60 days of 
such adjudication or appointment and such adjudication or appointment is subsequently 
discharged within 180 days, commencing on the date on which the Issuer commences the 
proceedings in the recognised court or jurisdiction; or 
(g) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease 
to carry on all or any substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of or pursuant to, a 
Permitted Reorganisation, where a "substantial part" of the Issuer's or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries' business means a part of the relevant entity's business which accounts for 25% or 
more of, alternatively, the Group's Consolidated Assets or Consolidated Revenues; or

--- Page 71 ---
61 
 
(h) 
Winding up: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation 
or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, save for the purposes of or pursuant 
to, a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(i) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Italy has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (f) to (h) above; or 
(j) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon 
it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued 
interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons 
are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, 
security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or 
Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
16. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: all meetings of the Noteholders will be held in accordance with 
applicable provisions of Italian law in force at the time. The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes,

--- Page 72 ---
62 
 
including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be 
made if sanctioned by a Resolution. Any such meeting may be convened by the directors of the 
Issuer or the Noteholders' Representative (as defined below) at their discretion and by the Issuer, 
subject to mandatory provisions of Italian law applicable from time to time, at the request in 
writing signed by the holders of not less than one-twentieth in aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. If the Issuer defaults in convening such a meeting following 
such request or requisition by the Noteholders representing not less than one-twentieth in 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding, the same may be convened by decision of 
the President of the competent court upon request by such Noteholders in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 2367 of the Italian Civil Code. Every such meeting shall be held at such 
time and place in which the registered office of the Issuer is situated, unless its by-laws provide 
differently, as provided pursuant to Article 2363 of the Italian Civil Code. The quorum required 
at any such meeting will be (subject to compliance with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and 
regulations of Italy in force from time to time) (a) in the case of a first meeting, one or more 
persons present being or representing Noteholders and holding more than one half of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; (b) in the case of an adjourned meeting, 
one or more persons present being or representing Noteholders and holding more than one third 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or for voting on any of the proposal 
referred to a Reserved Matter (as defined below), one half of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes. The majority required to pass a resolution will be (subject to compliance 
with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and regulations of Italy in force from time to time): in the 
case of a first meeting, a vote in favour by one or more persons holding or representing more 
than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, and 
(b) in the case of an adjourned meeting, a vote in favour by one or more persons holding or 
representing at least two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding represented at the meeting provided, however, that (A) certain proposals, as set out 
in Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code (including any proposal to modify the maturity of the 
Notes or the dates on which interest is payable on them; to reduce or cancel the principal amount 
of, or interest on, the Notes; or to change the currency of payment of the Notes) (each a 
"Reserved Matter"), may only be sanctioned by a resolution passed at meeting (including any 
adjourned meeting) of Noteholders by one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
one half of the principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, provided that the 
Issuer's by-laws may in each case (to the extent permitted under applicable Italian law) provide 
for higher majorities. Any resolution duly passed at any such meeting by the Noteholders will be 
binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and on all 
Couponholders. 
(b) 
Noteholders' Representative: a representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the 
"Noteholders' Representative"), subject to applicable provisions of Italian law, may be 
appointed pursuant to Article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders' 
interests under these Conditions and to give effect to resolutions passed at a meeting of the 
Noteholders. If the Noteholders' Representative is not appointed by a resolution of such 
Noteholders, the Noteholders' Representative shall be appointed by a decree of the court where 
the Issuer has its registered office at the request of one or more Noteholders or at the request of 
the directors of the Issuer. The Noteholders' Representative shall remain appointed for a 
maximum period of three years but may be reappointed again thereafter. 
(c) 
Modification: the Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the 
Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
18. 
Notices

--- Page 73 ---
63 
 
Notices to Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes are admitted to the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, 
if filed within the Companies Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin or published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in the Republic of Ireland and approved by Euronext 
Dublin (which is expected to be the Irish Times). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on 
the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date 
on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
19. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or 
made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same 
is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for 
such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the 
rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the 
first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, 
of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005% 
being rounded up to 0.00001%), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese 
Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower 
whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes are governed by English law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including any non-contractual 
obligation arising out of or in connection with the Notes). 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 21(b) (English courts) 
is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 21 (Governing 
law and jurisdiction) prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders 
may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at Fifth Floor, 100 Wood Street, London 
EC2V 7EX, United Kingdom or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any

--- Page 74 ---
64 
 
address of the Issuer in Great Britain at which process may be served on it in accordance with 
the Companies Act 2006. If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept 
service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of any 
Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent 
appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such 
appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written 
notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to 
Proceedings elsewhere. 
(f) 
Waiver of immunity: To the extent that the Issuer may in any jurisdiction claim for itself or its 
assets or revenues immunity from suit, execution, attachment (whether in aid of execution, before 
judgment or otherwise) or other legal process and to the extent that such immunity (whether or 
not claimed) may be attributed in any such jurisdiction to the Issuer or its assets or revenues, the 
Issuer agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the full extent permitted by 
the laws of such jurisdiction.

--- Page 75 ---
65 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive "), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 2 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]3 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018, as amended ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor")/distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules")  is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 4 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products 
 
1 
Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance. 
2 
Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance. 
3 
Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance. 
4 
Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance.

--- Page 76 ---
66 
 
"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018)] 5 
Final Terms dated [] 
FERROVIE DELLO STATO ITALIANE S.p.A. 
Legal entity Identifier (LEI): 549300J4SXC5ALCJM731 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2023 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated 
[]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing [at [website]] [and] during 
normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, provided, however, 
that all references in this document to the "Prospectus Regulation" in relation to any Member State of the EEA 
refer to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, and include any relevant implementing measure in the relevant 
Member State.]6 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated [15 December 2021] (the "Conditions") which are incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2023 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated []] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Conditions and the Base Prospectus.  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms, the Conditions and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing [at [website]] 
[and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, provided, however, 
that all references in this document to the "Prospectus Regulation" in relation to any Member State of the EEA 
refer to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, and include any relevant implementing measure in the relevant 
Member State.]7 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2023 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated 
[]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"). This document does not constitute 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, as these 
Notes are not being issued pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
 
5 
Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each relevant issuance where Notes are being sold into 
Singapore. 
6 
Include this wording where the Notes are to be listed. 
7  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under the 
15 December 2021 Base Prospectus.

--- Page 77 ---
67 
 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing [at [website]] [and] during 
normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, provided, however, 
that all references in this document to the "Prospectus Regulation" in relation to any Member State of the EEA 
refer to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended and include any relevant implementing measure in the relevant 
Member State.]8 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [] on [[]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 21 below [which is expected to occur 
on or about []].] 
2. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
4. 
 Issue Price: 
[]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [] (insert date, if applicable)] 
5. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[  ] [and integral multiplies of [  ] in excess thereof 
up to and including [  ]. No Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [  ].] 
 
 
(Under current practices of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, unless paragraph 21 
(Form of Notes) below specifies that the Permanent 
Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes 
"in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", Notes may only be issued 
in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
lowest Specified Denomination and may only be 
traded in such amounts, whether in global or 
definitive form.) 
(Notes, including Notes denominated in Sterling, in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
 
8 
Include this wording where the Notes are not to be listed.

--- Page 78 ---
68 
 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
and which have a maturity of less than one year must 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
 Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes or Inflation 
Linked Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
8. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[]% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
EURIBOR+/– []% Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below in paragraph 
[12]/[13]/[14]/[15]) 
9. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100% of their nominal amount. 
10. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
in 
paragraph [16]/[17]/[18])] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11. 
 (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes] obtained: 
[] [and [], respectively] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 79 ---
69 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
13. 
 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[], subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (v) below] 
 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and consequently, also adjusts the 
length of the Interest Period and the amount of 
interest due). In relation to the actual date on which 
Noteholders are entitled to receive payment of 
interest, see also Condition 10(g) (Payments on 
business days) and the defined term "Payment 
Business Day".) 
 
(iv) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
[Fiscal Agent]): 
[[] 
shall 
be 
the 
Calculation 
Agent]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
(Conditions 7(c) and 7(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/CMS Rate] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[]

--- Page 80 ---
70 
 
 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro): [Second day on which the T2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro): [Second [specify type 
of day] prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
(Where the CMS Rate is the Reference Rate, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings 
and captions) 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
(Condition 7(e)) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
• 
Compounding 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- Compounding Method:  
[Compounding with Lookback 
 
 
• 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
 
 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[] / Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
• 
Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
 
 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[]/Applicable Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 81 ---
71 
 
 
-Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
 
 
• 
Lookback: [] Applicable Business Days 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
 
 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[]/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
 
 
Lockout: [] Lockout Period Business Days 
 
 
• 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days: 
[[]/Applicable Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
-Index Method: 
 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
• 
Observation Period Shift: [] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
 
• 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [[] / Not Applicable]] 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable / Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period) 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][]% per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[]% per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[]% per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
14. 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 82 ---
72 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Inflation Index/Indices: 
[CPI-ITL]/[HICP] 
 
(ii) 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Source(s): 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [] 
 
(v) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reference Month: 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Cut Off Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
End Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
 
(ix) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Change of Law] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[None] 
 
(x) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Agent is to perform this function) 
 
(xi) 
DIR(0): 
[] 
 
(xii) 
Lookback Period 1: 
[insert number of months/years] 
 
(xiii) 
Lookback Period 2: 
[insert number of months/years] 
 
(xiv) 
Initial Ratio Amount: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(xvi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[]% per annum 
 
(xvii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[]% per annum 
 
(xviii) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable]/[[]%] 
 
(xix) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] 
 
(xx) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention Set out in (xxi) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment as the Business Day 
Convention in (xxi) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 83 ---
73 
 
 
(xxi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(xxiv) 
Where information about the 
index can be obtained, including 
an indication of where information 
about the past and the future 
performance of that underlying 
and its volatility can be obtained 
by electronic means, and whether 
or not it can be obtained free of 
charge: 
[] [This information can be obtained free of charge] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
 
Redemption by Instalments: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[] 
[]] 
16. 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
17. 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 84 ---
74 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
18. 
 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
Change of Control Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[] per Calculation Amount] 
19. 
 
Inflation 
Linked 
Redemption 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Inflation Index: 
[CPI-ITL]/[HICP]  
 
(ii) 
Inflation Index Sponsor(s): 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
The Related Bond is: [] [Fallback Bond] 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [] 
 
(iv) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Reference Month: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Cut Off Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
End Date 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
 
(viii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Change of Law] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [Hedging Disruption] 
[None] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Redemption Amounts (if not 
the Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Agent is to perform this function) 
 
(x) 
DIR(0): 
[] 
 
(xi) 
Lookback Period 1: 
[insert number of months/years] 
 
(xii) 
Lookback Period 2: 
[insert number of months/years] 
 
(xiii) 
Trade Date: 
[]

--- Page 85 ---
75 
 
 
(xiv) 
Redemption Determination Date: 
[] 
 
(xv) 
Redemption Amount Multiplier: 
[]% 
20. 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[] per Calculation Amount /(in the case of Inflation 
Linked Redemption Notes) as per Condition 9(g) 
(Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes) and 
Condition 9(h) (Calculation of Inflation Linked 
Redemption) 
21. 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default or other early redemption or 
pursuant to Condition 7(g) (Inflation 
Linked Note Provisions): 
[[] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice]* 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note] 
(*Notes may only be issued pursuant to this option 
in amounts equal to the Specified Denomination or 
integral multiples thereof) 
23. 
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
24. 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
25. 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are left.]

--- Page 86 ---
76 
 
Signed on behalf of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A. 
By:  
…………………………………………………..….. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 87 ---
77 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[The official list of Euronext Dublin]/ [Not 
Applicable]9 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [[] / the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin] with effect 
from []]/[Not Applicable.]10 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated 
total 
expenses 
of 
admission to trading: 
[]/[Not Applicable]11 
2. 
 
RATINGS 
 
 
 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
 
[Standard & Poor's: []] 
 
 
[Fitch: []] 
 
 
[[Other]: []] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA  and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA 
and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
 
9 
Insert "Not Applicable" where the Notes are not to be listed. 
10 
Insert "Not Applicable" where the Notes are not to be admitted to trading. 
11 
Insert "Not Applicable" where the Notes are not to be admitted to trading.

--- Page 88 ---
78 
 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation 
").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA 
and has applied for registration under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the [relevant competent authority] 
/[European Securities and Markets Authority].  
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing 
rating] 
has been 
certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU)

--- Page 89 ---
79 
 
No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA 
and is neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").  [[Insert legal

--- Page 90 ---
80 
 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA website].  [The 
rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation.] 
 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which 
is established and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
AND/OR 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
but CRA is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][ 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation"].

--- Page 91 ---
81 
 
 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA 
or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in either the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below.) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]% per annum 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield] 
5. 
 
[Floating Rate Notes only — HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS Rate] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
 
[Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [EURIBOR/CMS RATE] which is 
provided 
by 
[European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute/specify other]. As at [], [European Money 
Markets Institute/specify other] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the "BMR").

--- Page 92 ---
82 
 
 
 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[[] does/do] not fall 
within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 
of that regulation] / [the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply], 
such that [] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.]] 
 
 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [EURIBOR/CMS RATE] 
which is provided by [European Money Markets 
Institute/specify other]. As at the date hereof, 
[[European 
Money 
Markets 
Institute/specify 
other][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the FCA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation")]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
UK Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
UK, recognition, endorsement or equivalence)] 
6. 
 
PERFORMANCE 
OF 
INDEX/FORMULA/OTHER 
VARIABLE 
AND 
OTHER 
INFORMATION CONCERNING UNDERLYING, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON 
VALUE OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS* 
(N.B. Specify "Not Applicable" unless the Notes are securities giving rise to payment or delivery obligations 
linked to an underlying asset to which Annex 17 to the Prospectus Commission Delegated Regulation applies) 
 
(i) 
The final reference price of the 
underlying: 
[[As set out in Condition 7(f) (Rate of Interest - 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes)/As set out in 
Condition 9(h) (Calculation of Inflation Linked 
Redemption)]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
(ii) 
An indication where information 
about the past and the further 
performance of the underlying and 
its volatility can be obtained 
[This information can be obtained free of charge 
from [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
The name of the index: 
[[CPI ITL/HICP] as defined in Annex 1 to the Base 
Prospectus]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
The place where information about 
the index can be obtained: 
[[Bloomberg Page ITCPIUNR or its replacement / 
Eurostat’s internet site]/[Not Applicable]] 
* Required for securities giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked to an underlying asset to which 
Annex 17 to the Prospectus Commission Delegated Regulation applies. 
7. 
 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[[See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base Prospectus"] 
If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, for example, for an Eligible Green 
Project, give details here.]

--- Page 93 ---
83 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
 
 
(iii) 
[Green/Sustainable/Social] Bond:  
[Yes/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Second Party Opinion:  
[insert name of relevant external reviewer] 
 
(b) 
Date of Second Party 
Opinion:  
[date] 
8. 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[  ] has been extracted from [  ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[  ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure 
that such is the case, the information contained in these Final Terms is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.] 
9. 
 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
CFI: 
[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Available/Not Applicable 
 
FISN: 
[●], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Available/Not Applicable 
 
Delivery 
Delivery [against/ free of] payment 
 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations 
by 
the 
Eurosystem 
either 
upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the 
Notes 
are 
capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note 
that 
this 
does 
not 
necessarily 
mean

--- Page 94 ---
84 
 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
10. 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Names of Dealers: 
[] 
 
(b) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of the 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(v) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If the offer of the 
Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and 
a key information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
offer of the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information documents will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vi) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If the offer of the 
Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products 
or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and 
a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
offer of the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information documents will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 95 ---
85 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of 
the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, 
in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the 
case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must look solely to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation 
to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long 
as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they apply to 
the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of 
any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an 
NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, notwithstanding the definition contained in Condition 2(a) 
(Definitions), "Payment Business Day" shall mean: if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a 
TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) or Condition 9(g) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event), 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the 
relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal 
amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may 
not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 9(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be 
redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes 
to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 18 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the 
Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common 
safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed

--- Page 96 ---
86 
 
to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) on the date of delivery to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 97 ---
87 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be applied by the Issuer for the general finance purposes of the 
Group, with particular focus on: 
(i) 
high speed capex in infrastructure and rolling stock; and 
(ii) 
inter alia, works, plants, and/or networks, and/or the procurement of assets relating to the rail and road 
local public transport service, and/or freight transport rolling stock, and/or the construction and 
management of railway networks and/or investments in photovoltaic panels; 
as well as for any other purpose specified in the applicable Final Terms, including Eligible Green Projects, Eligible 
Social Projects or a combination of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects, as applicable. 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") green bond 
principles ("Green Bond Principles"), only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects, 
will be denominated "Green Bonds". 
Eligible Green Projects have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green 
projects set out by the ICMA Green Bond Principles. In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, the 
Issuer has published on its institutional website its framework relating to investments in Eligible Green Projects 
(the "FS Green Bond Framework"). 
For the purposes of this section: 
"Eligible Green Projects" means projects with a positive impact in terms of, as the case may be, environmental 
and social sustainability, in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green projects set out by 
ICMA, which prior to the relevant Issue Date will be disclosed in the FS Green Bond Framework as approved by 
the Issuer and verified by a reputed sustainability rating agency. 
The 
FS 
Green 
Bond 
Framework 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
page 
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/fsitaliane/it/investor-relations/debito-e-credit-rating/green-bond-
framework.html.  
The FS Green Bond Framework and the Sustainalytics second party opinion do not form part of, and are not 
incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
.

--- Page 98 ---
88 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
History and Development 
Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A. ("FS", "FS Italiane", or the "Issuer" and together with its subsidiaries, the 
"Group" or "FS Group") is the holding company of the Italian railway group, which is active in the field of 
passenger and freight transport (mainly by rail) and related services. Among other things, FS controls the railway 
infrastructure manager RFI, the road infrastructure manager Anas as well as the railway undertaking Trenitalia, 
which are subsidiaries of FS. 
Pursuant to Law n. 137 of 22 April 1905 which entrusted the management and ownership of most railway services, 
once privatised, to the Italian State (the "State"), FS was established on 21 April 1905 through the nationalisation 
of three private companies in operation in Italy since 1839. On 12 August 1992, FS became a joint-stock company 
which was wholly owned by the State via the MEF. In accordance with Article 4 of the Articles of Association 
currently in force (the "Articles of Association"), FS is incorporated, domiciled and operating under the laws of 
Italy (the Italian civil code and specific legislation in addition to the Articles of Association) for a period up to 31 
December 2100 (which may be extended or decreased by a resolution passed at an extraordinary shareholders' 
meeting). 
Purpose of the Issuer 
According to Article 4.1 of the Articles of Association, the purpose of the Issuer is the acquisition and management 
of shareholdings and other interests in Italian or foreign companies operating: 
(a) 
in the sector of design, manufacture and management of infrastructure networks for rail, road and 
motorway, in Italy and abroad; 
(b) 
in the sector of freight transport activity, including air transportation, both domestically and abroad, 
including the promotion, implementation and management of initiatives and services in the field of 
transportation; 
(c) 
in the sector of logistics and transport, including air transportation, both domestically and abroad, including 
the promotion, implementation and management of initiatives and services in the field of logistics, mobility 
and transportation of freight; 
(d) 
in the sector of urban regeneration and intermodality and logistics solutions in urban areas for the first and 
final phase of the supply chain. 
According to Article 4.2 of the Articles of Association, the Issuer may also operate, through the establishment or 
acquisition of shareholdings or conclusion of commercial agreements with specialized operators, in other sectors 
that are complementary, related or instrumental to the activities carried out in the sectors referred to in Article 4.1 
of the Articles of Association above with the aim of a better utilization and valorization, also in economic terms, 
of (i) the structures, resources, knowledge and skills employed in the sectors considered above or (ii) the assets 
owned or used for the performance of the activities referred to in this article. 
Registered Office 
The registered office of FS is at Piazza della Croce Rossa 1, Rome, Italy, Fiscal Code and Registration with the 
Company Register of Rome No. 06359501001. Its telephone number is +39 06 44101. 
Issuer's website 
The website of the Issuer is https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/fsitaliane/en.html. The information on the website of 
the issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless expressly incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
Financial Year 
The Issuer's financial year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December of each year. 
Major shareholders 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the MEF.

--- Page 99 ---
89 
 
Organisational Structure 
EC Directive 91/440/EEC on the development of railways (subsequently amended by EC Directive 2001/12/EC 
of 26 February 2001) as implemented by D.P.R. 8 July 1998 n. 277 and Legislative Decree 8 July 2003 n. 188 
("Decree 188/2003"), established the guidelines for the restructuring of the Italian national rail system. These EC 
Directives emphasised the need to separate rail infrastructure management from the provision of transport 
services. Following these legislative developments, the Group initiated a reorganisation program in 1998 by 
creating the infrastructure division. In May 1999, the Group set up three additional divisions to manage the 
medium and long-distance passenger transport, freight transport and local transport. The reorganization continued 
with the establishment in June 2000 of Trenitalia, a passenger and freight transport company, which was 
completed on 1 July 2001. 
Since 2001, infrastructure maintenance (through RFI) and railway undertakings (through Trenitalia) have operated 
as separate companies within the Group.

--- Page 100 ---
The current Group structure as of 31 December 2021 is outlined below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane SpA 
Fercredit 
Grandi 
Stazioni 
Immobiliare 
Italcertifer 
FS 
Technology 
Trenitalia 
FS  Sistemi 
Urbani 
Mercitalia 
Logistics 
TELT 
TAV 
Anas 
Ferservizi 
Italferr 
Busitalia 
Sita Nord 
100% 
100% 
60,00% 
100% 
55,66% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Ferrovie del 
Sud Est 
100% 
50,00% 
Metro 5 
36,70% 
FNM 
14,74%
100% 
100% 
Concessioni 
Autostradali 
Venete 
50,00% 
Concessioni 
Autostradali 
Lombarde 
50,00%
Autostrada 
Asti-Cuneo 
35,00%
Sitaf 
31,74%
Anas 
Concessioni 
Autostradali 
100% 
Quadrilatero 
Marche 
Umbria 
92,38% 
SITMB 
32,12% 
Anas 
International 
Enterprise 
100% 
AIE RUS 
51,00% 
Anas TEC 
Gulf 
Engineering 
45,00% 
Road 
Investiment 
Company 
51,10%
Anas TEC 
India 
99,99%
Infrastruture 
Engineering 
Service 
100% 
Cremonesi 
Workshop 
80,00% 
SWS & 
Italferr  
50,00% 
Italferr 
Altinok Ort 
50,10% 
Trenord 
50,00% 
Trenitalia 
TPER 
70,00% 
Trenitalia 
France 
100%
Trenitalia 
UK 
100% 
Trenitalia 
c2c 
100%
Metropark 
100% 
Terminal 
Alptransit 
58,00% 
Mercitalia 
Shunting & 
Terminal 
100% 
TX Logistik 
100% 
TX Service 
Management 
100% 
TX 
Consulting 
100%
TX Logistik 
Danimarca 
100% 
TX Logistik 
Transalpine 
100% 
TX Logistik 
Svizzera 
100%
TX Logistik 
Svezia 
100% 
La Spezia 
Shunting 
Railways 
Mercitalia 
Rail 
100% 
4,50% 
Mercitalia 
Maintenance 
100% 
Logistica SA 
50,00% 
Alpe Adria 
33,33%
Eurogateway 
11,58% 
Mercitalia 
Intermodal 
53,28%
CIS 
25,10% 
38,95% 
Firenze City 
Sightseeing 
60,00% 
Li-Nea 
34,00% 
ATAF 
Gestioni 
70,00% 
Busitalia 
Rail Service 
100%
Busitalia 
Veneto 
78,78%
Busitalia 
Campania 
100% 
Savit 
100%
Qbuzz 
Mobility 
Service 
100% 
Qbuzz 
100%
MAPPA DI CONSOLIDAMENTO DEL GRUPPO FS ITALIANE AL 
31.12.2021 
Società controllate valutate al costo 
Capogruppo e Società Controllate di Gruppo 
Società valutate con il metodo del Patrimonio netto 
Qbuzz 
100%
Qbuzz 
Multimodaal 
100% 
Qbuzz 
Groningen-
Utrecht 
100% 
RFI 
100% 
Grandi 
Stazioni Rail 
100%
Bluferries 
100%
Blu Jet 
100% 
Quadrante 
Europa 
Terminal 
50,00% 
Tunnel 
Ferroviario 
del 
89,86% 
BBT 
50,00% 
Terminali 
Italia 
100% 
CREW 
MIDDLE 
EAST  
100% 
United 
Operator 
(O&M) 
40% 
TrainOSE 
100%
FSI Saudi 
Arabia for 
Land
100% 
FS Italian 
Railways 
USA 
100% 
Rom Rail 
Transport 
93,00%
Netinera 
Deutschland 
100% 
100%
First 
Trenitalia 
West Coast 
30% 
Infrarail 
Firenze 
100% 
100% 
Terminal 
Tremestieri 
33,33%
Operation 
Alliance 
50,00% 
Intermo-
dalidad de 
Levante 
45,00%
FS 
International 
FS Italian 
Railways 
Thailand 
0,5%
99,00% 
0,5%

--- Page 101 ---
Netinera Deutschland GmbH 
Netinera 
Bachstein 
95,34% 
Prignitzer 
Eisenbahn 
100% 
Südbrandenburger 
Nahverkehrs 
(SBN) 
100% 
Regentalbahn 
100% 
Verkehrstriebe 
Bils 
100% 
Netinera 
Immobilien 
100% 
Sippel Travel 
100% 
100% 
Autobus Sippel 
Osterhannoversch
e Eisenbahnen 
(OHE) 
87,51% 
Niedersachsenbah
n Verwaltungs 
60,00% 
Niedersachsenbah
n (NB) 
60,00% 
Metronom 
Eisenbahn 
73,58% 
Erixx 
100%
Hafen Lüneburg 
30,00% 
Verkehrsbetrieb
e Osthannover 
100% 
Kraftverkehr 
Celle Stadt und 
Land (KVC) 
61,00%
CeBus 
Verwaltungs 
34,40% 
CeBus 
34,50%
Celler 
Straßenbahn 
34,70% 
1,00% 
1,00%
KVG Stade 
60,00% 
Kraftverkehr 
Lüneburg 
100% 
KVG Stade 
Verwaltungs 
60,00% 
ODIG 
Ostdeutsche 
Instandhaltung 
100% 
Ostmecklenburgi
sche Bahnwerk 
49,00% 
Neißeverkehr 
80,00% 
ODEG 
Ostdeutsche 
Eisenbahn 
50,00% 
Die Länderbahn 
100% 
Berchtesgardene
r Land Bahn 
50,00% 
vlexx 
100% 
sei mobil 
Verkehrsgesellsc
haft 
100% 
EVG Euroregio 
Verwaltungs-u. 
Betellingung 
29,67% 
EVG Euroregio 
Verkehrsgesell-
schaft 
29,67% 
Die Länderbahn 
CZ 
100% 
sei mobil on 
demand 
100% 
MAPPA DI CONSOLIDAMENTO DEL GRUPPO NETINERA AL 
31.12.2021 
Società controllate valutate al costo 
Capogruppo e Società Controllate di Gruppo 
Società valutate con il metodo del Patrimonio netto 
erixx Holstein 
GmbH 
100%

--- Page 102 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 92 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
The key players in the Italian Rail Industry are the following:  
Government / 
regulatory  
bodies 
Ministry of 
Economy 
and Finance 
(“MEF”) 
The MEF pays fees for the National Public Service Contract and transfers financial resources 
to the Regions for the Regional public service Contract. The MEF also provides funding for 
rail infrastructure investments and maintenance. 
Ministry of 
Sustainable 
Infrastructures 
and Mobility 
(“MIMS”), 
previously 
Ministry of 
Infrastructure 
and 
Transports 
(“MIT”) 
The MIMS, previously MIT delivers licenses to railway undertakings. MIMS also defines the 
access charge to the railway infrastructure and subscribes the Contratto di Programma with 
RFI and the National Public Service Contract (the Contratto di Servizio that includes 
national universal services for passengers transport) with Trenitalia. 
Autorità 
Garante della 
Concorrenza e 
del Mercato 
(“AGCM”) 
The Italian Competition Authority is an independent body and is in charge of the application 
of competition law and of national consumer legislation. 
Autorità di 
Regolazione 
dei Trasporti  
(“ART”) 
The Transport Regulation Authority (Autorità di Regolazione dei Trasporti, ART) has been 
established in accordance with art. 37 of the Legislative Decree n.201/2011 and has been 
operative since January 2014. Its competences are:  To guarantee equitable and non-
discriminatory access to rail, port, airport and highway infrastructure,  To define criteria 
for setting tariffs, fees and tolls. To define minimum quality conditions for national and local 
transport considered to be a public service,  To regulate access to rail infrastructure,  To 
define public tender mechanisms to assign transport services and criteria for appointing 
awarding commissions,  To help Public Administration in identifying Public Service 
Obligation routes and support the PA in retracing the most effective methods to finance them. 
It reports to the Italian Parliament. 
Infrastructure 
manager 
Rete 
Ferroviaria  
Italiana  
(“RFI”) 
RFI is part of the FS Group. It owns the infrastructure and is responsible for designing, 
building and maintaining the infrastructure and develops the technology of systems and 
materials. RFI acts as the national railway infrastructure manager, as set forth in the Act of 
Concession with the MIMS. 
Agenzia Nazionale per la 
Sicurezza delle Ferrovie e 
delle Infrastrutture Stradali e 
Autostradali 
(“ANSFISA”) 
From 1 January 2019, ANSF’s competences are on the newly established National Agency for 
Railway and Road and Highway Infrastructures Safety (ANSFISA). The ANSF kept 
competences for the railway safety until 4 December 2020, it has been then abolished. 
The Agency is an independent body from all the railway and roads actors. Agency's main 
tasks on railway sector are: To define the legislative framework on the railway operational 
safety standards To verify the enforcement of the adopted regulations To carry out the 
approval processes for systems, sub-systems and constituents To issue the safety certificates 
to railway undertakings and the safety authorizations to infrastructure managers. 
Regions 
• 
The Regions subscribe Public Service Contracts (PSCs) for regional transport services 
with railway undertakings. In Italy there are 15 ordinary Regions and 5 border Regions 
with special status. 
Railway 
Undertakings 
• 
After having obtained a license, (a “titolo autorizzatorio”), a safety certificate and after 
having entered into a “Contratto di Utilizzo” with the infrastructure manager, these 
provide passenger and freight transportation services. 
• 
Trenitalia is the largest Italian railway undertaking.

--- Page 103 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 93 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Business of the Group 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group is organized into the following operating segments, each of which is 
carried out by certain key subsidiaries 
• 
The transport services segment, which accounted for 51% of the Group's revenues net of 
“Adjustments and Eliminations Operating Segments” for the year ended 31 December 2020 and for 
50% of the Group's revenues net of “Adjustments and Eliminations Operating Segments” for the 
year ended 31 December 2021, is divided into medium/long term distance passengers, regional 
passengers, and freight and is largely represented by the 100% owned subsidiary, Trenitalia. 
• 
The infrastructure services segment, which accounted for 43% of the Group's revenues net of 
“Adjustments and Eliminations Operating Segments” for the year ended 31 December 2020 and for 
44% of the Group's revenues net of “Adjustments and Eliminations Operating Segments” for the 
year ended 31 December 2021, manages the national rail network, both high speed and conventional 
lines, and national road and motorway network through the 100% owned subsidiaries, respectively, 
RFI and Anas. 
• 
The commercial activities relating to the real estate segment, which accounted for 1% of the Group's 
revenues net of “Adjustments and Eliminations Operating Segments” for the year ended 31 
December 2020 and for 1% of the Group's revenues net of “Adjustments and Eliminations Operating 
Segments” for the year ended 31 December 2021, includes the companies (primarily FS Sistemi 
Urbani) that deal with management and enhancement of the property assets of the Group. 
• 
The other services segment, which accounted for 5% of the Group's revenues net of “Adjustments 
and Eliminations Operating Segments” for the year ended 31 December 2020 and for 5% of the 
Group's revenues net of “Adjustments and Eliminations Operating Segments” for the year ended 31 
December 2021, manages other Group services including financial and administrative services. 
The following table sets out certain financial information of the Group's business segments for the years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. 
 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
 
Transport 
Infrastructure 
Commercial 
Real Estate 
Activities 
Other 
Services 
Adjustments 
and 
Eliminations 
Operating 
Segments 
FS 
Italiane 
Group 
 
 
(in millions of Euro) 
Revenues from Third Parties 
6,747 
4,933 
73 
24 
(11) 
11,766 
Inter-segment revenues 
281 
1,253 
44 
601 
(1,791) 
388 
Operating revenues 
7,028 
6,186 
117 
625 
(1,802) 
12,154 
Operating costs 
(5,683) 
(5,555) 
(106) 
(671) 
1,749 
(10,266) 
EBITDA 
1,345 
631 
11 
(46) 
(53) 
1,888 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 2020 
 
Transport 
Infrastructure 
Commercial 
Real Estate 
Activities 
Other 
Services 
Adjustments 
and 
Eliminations 
Operating 
Segments 
FS 
Italiane 
Group 
 
 
(in millions of Euro) 
Revenues from Third Parties 
5,967 
4,367 
64 
66 
13 
10,477 
Inter-segment revenues 
291 
889 
42 
533 
(1,395) 
360 
Operating revenues 
6,258 
5,256 
106 
599 
(1,382) 
10,837 
Operating costs 
(5,306) 
(4,603) 
(95) 
(612) 
1,412 
(9,204) 
EBITDA 
952 
653 
11 
(13) 
30 
1,633

--- Page 104 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 94 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
FS Group is still the top player in the EU in terms of EBITDA margin and EBIT margin:  
 
Source: FS, DB & SNCF Annual Reports 
Transport Services 
Within the macro-sector of transport services, the Group operates primarily through Trenitalia and its 
subsidiaries (which include Netinera Deutschland and TrainOSE). 
Other Group subsidiaries active in the transport services sector are Busitalia Group, the Mercitalia Hub – 
which operates the freight transport – and Ferrovie del Sud Est e Servizi Automobilistici S.r.l.. 
Trenitalia S.p.A. (100 per cent. owned by FS) is the passenger transport company of the Group and consists 
of two business areas: passengers/medium and long-distance routes (domestic and international) and 
passengers/local transport (commuter, regional and inter-regional). 
In 2021, Trenitalia recorded positive results, reporting a net profit of Euro 2.3 million. For the previous 
year ended 31 December 2020, Trenitalia recorded a negative result, with a net profit of Euro -423.1 million. 
2021 EBITDA increases from Euro 826.7 million in 2020 to Euro 1,053.9 million in 2021, (+27.5 %) and 
2021 EBIT came to Euro 66.7million, up by the previous year (Euro -208.2 million).  
The high-speed (“HS”) and Intercity business divisions operate national and international medium- and 
long-haul passenger transport. The services are divided into commercial transport services and universal 
 
(€b) 
2020 
2021 
Rating 
Agency  
Issuer 
Rating 
Revenue 
10.8 
12.1 
S&P 
BBB 
Operating Costs 
(9.2) 
(10.2)  Fitch 
BBB 
EBITDA 
1.6 
1.9   
 
Amortisation, 
depreciation, 
provisions and 
impairment losses 
1.9 
1.7 
  
 
EBIT 
(0.3) 
0.2   
 
EBITDA margin % 
15.1% 
15.5% 
 
 
EBIT margin % 
-2.6% 
1.6% 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
(€b) 
2020 
2021 
Rating 
Agency  
Issuer 
Rating 
Revenue 
40.2 
47.1 
S&P 
AA- 
EBITDA margin % 
2.50% 
4.90% 
Moody's 
Aa1 
EBIT margin % 
-11.90% 
-3.30% 
Fitch 
AA+ 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
(€b) 
2020 
2021 
 Rating 
Agency 
Issuer 
Rating 
Revenue 
30 
34.8 
S&P 
AA- 
 
 
 
  
 
EBITDA margin % 
6.50% 
12.50% 
Moody's 
Aa3 
EBIT margin % 
-10% 
5.20% 
Fitch 
AA-

--- Page 105 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 95 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
medium- and long-haul Intercity day and Intercity night services governed by a service contract with the 
government. 
Trenitalia ended the year with a profit of Euro 2.3 million, compared to the loss for 2020 of Euro 423.1 
million. 
The gross operating profit of Euro 1,053.9 million showed a significant increase compared to 2020 (+Euro 
227.1 million; +27.5%). This improvement, net of that described earlier, is due to the positive effects of 
recognising in 2021 the Covid-19 grants for the losses suffered in 2020 in the HS business, partly offset by 
the negative effects of ART decision no. 88, which led to higher access fees to be paid to the infrastructure 
operator for HS operations as a result of the recalculation of these costs for the period from 6 November 
2014 to 31 December 2015. 
The trend in amortisation, depreciation and impairment losses also had a positive impact on the operating 
profit, bringing it to Euro 66.7 million, compared to an operating loss of Euro 208.2 million in the previous 
year (+Euro 274.8). 
Revenue from sales and services  
Revenue from sales and services rose by 16.7% to Euro 4,466 million in 2021 from Euro 3,827.5 million 
in the previous year. 
Traffic revenue  
The change in traffic revenue is an indicator of the positive trend in all traffic components:  
• 
traffic revenue from the HS long-haul passenger transport service rose by Euro 212 million (+35.3%), 
driven by demand (+20.7%) and saleable seats per km (+5%), since Trenitalia maintained “staggered” 
seating with 50% of seats saleable up to the end of August, 75% from 1 September and 80% starting 
in November;  
• 
traffic revenue from the universal long-haul passenger transport service increased by Euro 59.1 
million (+46.2%), due to the recovery in demand (+34.1%) and saleable seats per km (+30.9%). 
Traffic revenue from day connections shows a recovery of approximately Euro 39.1 million 
(+39.6%), while traffic revenue from night connections is up by roughly Euro 20 million (+68.6%). 
The same “staggered” seating policies applied to these Intercity connections as well;  
• 
traffic revenue from regional passenger improved by approximately Euro 126.3 thousand (+30.5%) 
because of the easing and subsequent lifting of travel bans introduced by the competent authorities 
to contain the Covid-19 public health emergency.  
Revenue from public service contracts  
Revenue from public service contracts with the regions and the government increased by Euro 211.6 million 
(+11%) on the previous year. The fees generated by the Intercity business under the service contract with 
the government are substantially in line with the previous year (+Euro 2.8 million, +0.9%), whereas the 
fees generated by the regional transport business grew significantly (+Euro 208.9 million, +13%) mainly 
due to the trend in service contracts, including the estimated fee adjustment to ensure the financial balance 
of the contracts, first considering the expected grants for the regional public transport sector.  
 
Finally, there were no reductions in fees, also because of Decree-law no. 41 of 22 March 2021, article 29.3-
bis, which extended the period of time in which fee reductions and sanctions/penalties for LPT and regional 
services cannot be applied because of the state of emergency (in any case, no later than 31 July 2021). The 
deadline was further extended to 31 March 2022 when Decree-law no. 221 of 24 December 2021 was 
converted (Law no. 11 of 18 February 2022).  
Revenue from other transport-related services  
Revenue from other transport-related services is substantially in line with the previous year, showing a total 
decrease of Euro 4.3 million (-1.7%) in comparison with 2020, mainly due to lower revenue from the lease 
of rolling stock to group companies.

--- Page 106 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 96 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from Covid-19 grants  
This income statement caption essentially includes grants related to the economic support measures 
following the epidemiological emergency caused by Covid-19 for the regional public transport and the 
commercial passenger sectors.  
 
In 2021, Trenitalia recognised regional passenger transport grants totalling Euro 89.2 million for the 
financial losses suffered in 2020 (Euro 37.2 million) and 2021 (Euro 52 million). The grants for 2020, 
which were recognised on an accrual’s basis in accordance with IAS 20 and therefore in 2021, reflect the 
maximum allowable amount according to the contractual clauses and based on the data reported on 30 
September 2021. They were calculated in accordance with the methods and criteria established by 
Interministerial decree no. 340 of 11 August 2020. On the other hand, the grants for 2021 were calculated 
considering the amounts that have been allocated to date to compensate for the lower revenue in 2021 in 
proportion to the weight of the data that Trenitalia had reported for 2020 out of all data reported for the 
entire sector. The resources allocated for 2021 are estimated to be approximately Euro 230 million for the 
entire local public transport sector, considering the initial allocation of Euro 1,837 million, Euro 1,607 
million of which was used for 2020.  
 
Additional grants totalling Euro 461.5 million were recognised for the commercial transport sector 
following the European Commission Decision of 2 March 2022, which approved the relief to compensate 
Italian operators of long-haul passenger railway transport services on commercial lines for the losses 
suffered as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic in the period between 1 July 2020 and 30 April 2021. The 
amount recognised refers to the losses suffered in 2020 (Euro 257.8 million) and in the first four months of 
2021 (Euro 203.7 million). The amount was discounted at a rate of 1.55% since it will be collected in 
instalments over subsequent years.  
Other income  
Other income increased by Euro 7.9 million on the previous year, mainly as the combined effect of the 
lower revenue from travel-related services by group companies (approximately -Euro 5.8 thousand) due to 
the new method of allocating the various group companies’ contributions to cover the cost of long-haul 
trains based on the use of the cards assigned to each company and the higher penalties due from suppliers 
of rolling stock (+Euro 11.1 million).  
Operating costs  
As operations resumed after the slowdown in 2020, operating costs rose by Euro 419.2 million (+13.6%), 
detailed as follows:  
Personnel expense increased by Euro 96.9 million (+7.3%), mainly due to the combined effect of:  
• 
lower costs by Euro 42.6 million related to the decrease in the average number of employees (Full 
Time Equivalents: -846.5) mainly due to the departures in 2021 as part of the progressive resource 
optimisation campaign and increasingly digitalised processes;  
• 
higher costs by Euro 139.5 million mainly due to additional work by personnel as activities were 
resumed (+Euro 27 million), fixed fees and charges including the estimated differences in 
remuneration following the renewal of the national labour agreement and the calculation of costs for 
holidays accrued and not taken (+Euro 113.5 million). These higher costs were partly offset by the 
lower accruals for company welfare benefits (-Euro 10 million).  
Other costs, net is up by Euro 322.3 million (+18.3%), which reflect the Euro 86.7 million increase in non-
recurring expense referring to previous years, which reflects the rise in fees (not including interest) 
following ART decision no. 88/2021 concerning the recalculation of the fees due to the infrastructure 
operator for the period from 6 November 2014 to 31 December 2015.

--- Page 107 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 97 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Not considering the non-recurring expense described above, the increase in other costs, net is therefore 
Euro 235.6 million (+13.4%), mainly due to the gradual resumption of operations with a recovery in the 
supply of train-km, which in 2021 grew by 16.3% on 2020. The supply of services subject to the service 
obligation remained at the contractually agreed service levels for the entire year and there were no 
reductions despite the government travel restrictions in 2021. On the other hand, the supply of commercial 
transport services was organised considering the reduction in mobility due to the restrictions and the 
repercussions they had on demand in the periods of 2021 when they were in place.  
In particular, production cost for infrastructure access (fees and energy) increased by around Euro 155.7 
million, detailed as follows: i) Euro 100 million for electric energy for traction, due to the combination of 
higher production volumes (approximately +Euro 15 million) and the substantial spike in unit prices 
(approximately +Euro 86 million); and ii) Euro 100 million for fees, essentially due to greater production. 
Moreover, in 2021, infrastructure access costs benefited from the cancellation of the ability-to-pay 
component of commercial transport services until mid-September. Infrastructure access costs for 2021 
show a net increase of roughly Euro 44.3 million on 2020, when this component had also been cancelled 
for the entire year.  
The rise in the supply of services is therefore the main driver behind the increase in costs related to 
production, including replacement services (+Euro 22.5 million), catering (+Euro 9 million) and costs 
related to the consequences of Covid-19, such as the sanitising of trains and plant, safety kits and personal 
protective equipment (roughly +Euro 14 million). 
Amortisation, depreciation and impairment losses  
Amortisation and depreciation are down by Euro 5.5 million, mainly due to the combination of fewer assets 
placed in service and assets that have reached the end of their useful life.  
Impairment losses of Euro 13.1 million in 2021 essentially relate to regional train carriages following the 
continuation of the disposal plan involving technical and commercially obsolete rolling stock.  
Financial income and expense  
Net financial expense shows an improvement of Euro 188.3 million (-70%) compared to the previous year. 
This is mostly because in 2020 this caption included accruals to the provision for risks (Euro 161.1 million) 
to cover the non-recoverable amount of the parent company support (PCS) credit facility that FS Italiane 
had originally granted to its indirect subsidiary Trenitalia c2c, with Trenitalia’s guarantee. As guarantor, 
Trenitalia repaid the parent FS Italiane a total of Euro 169.9 million on Trenitalia c2c’s behalf, with a total 
impact on financial expense of Euro 8.8 million in 2021, in addition to the amount accrued in 2020.  
Furthermore, in general, the Trenitalia’s average cost of non-current debt improved from 1.11% in 2020 to 
0.84% in 2021. Reference should be made to the notes for details. The Trenitalia entered into new non-
current financing agreements in 2021 totalling Euro 1.6 billion (with repayments of around Euro 239.5 
million).  
Income taxes  
Income taxes of the year show a positive balance of approximately Euro 16.4 million and are substantially 
the combined effect of the deferred tax assets recognised on the tax losses which are estimated to be 
recoverable over three years (Euro 34 million) and the negative impact of the deferred tax assets generated 
by the temporary differences related to the provision for risks which was used significantly during the year 
(Euro 17.3 million). 
The table below set out key financial information relating to Trenitalia for the years ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020. 
 
31 December 2021 
 
31 December 2020 
 
(Euro/Million)

--- Page 108 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 98 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Main indicators 
 
 
 
Operating revenues  
4,552.3 
 
3,905.9 
of which: 
 
 
 
 
Medium/Long distance passenger  
38% 
 
47% 
 
Regional passenger  
62% 
 
53% 
EBITDA  
1,053.9 
 
826.7 
EBIT  
66.7 
 
(208.2) 
Profit (loss) for the year  
2.3 
 
(423.1) 
 
 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
Medium and long-distance traffic data 
 
 
 
 
PASSENGERS/KM – MARKET  
Million 
6,325 
 
5,240 
PASSENGERS/KM – UNIVERSAL 
CONTRIBUTED  
Million 
2,391 
 
1,783 
TOTAL  
Million 
8,716 
 
7,023 
 
 
 
 
 
TRAINS/KM – MARKET  
Thousands 
43,987 
 
39,059 
TRAINS/KM - UNIVERSAL 
CONTRIBUTED  
Thousands 
25,594 
 
19,296 
TOTAL  
Thousands 
69,581 
 
58,355 
Revenues  
Million 
1,884 
 
1,474 
 
 
 
 
 
Regional transport traffic data 
 
 
 
 
PASSENGERS – KM  
Million 
9,695 
 
7,708 
TRAINS – KM  
Thousands 
144,267 
 
125,447 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenues  
Million 
2,630 
 
2,392 
 
Trenitalia c2c Ltd, is a British passenger transport company which manages the c2c (City to Coast) 
franchise between London and Shoeburyness on the east coast of South Essex. In 2021, Trenitalia c2c 
recorded operating revenues of Euro 102.3 million and a negative net result of Euro -2.8 million, with Euro 
+35.0 million EBITDA and Euro -0.7 million EBIT. 
Netinera Deutschland GmbH (in which – after the sale by Cube investment fund - Trenitalia has a 100% 
shareholding) and its subsidiaries (the "Netinera Group") also operates in the Regional Passenger and 
Freight Transport segment, through a group of about 35 companies active in Germany. The Netinera Group 
is primarily involved in rail and road transport activities in the German local and metro transport markets, 
but it also carries out activities on international routes to the Czech Republic, Poland and the Netherlands. 
In addition to passenger and cargo transport service, the group performs services for the maintenance and 
renovation of vehicles. 
During the course of 2021, the Netinera Group recorded revenues of Euro 629.5 million and expenses of 
Euro 574.6 million with Euro 54.8 million EBITDA and Euro +4.8 million EBIT. In 2021, Netinera Group 
recorded amortisation and depreciation for Euro 50 million and financial expenses for Euro 11.1 million. 
Taking all into account the Netinera Group recorded losses of Euro -8.8 million. 
The table below set out key financial information relating to Netinera Group for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
(Euro/Million) 
Main indicators 
 
 
 
Operating revenues  
629.5 
 
588.6 
EBITDA  
54.8 
 
25.8 
EBIT  
4.8 
 
(35.5)

--- Page 109 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 99 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Profit (loss) for the year  
(8.8) 
 
(50.3) 
 
Trainose SA (100 per cent. owned by Trenitalia after the sale by Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane) is a company 
that provides cargo and passenger transport services at suburban, regional and national level in Greece. In 
2021, Hellinic Train SA recorded operating revenues of Euro 112.4 million and had a positive net result of 
Euro 0.1 million. 
Busitalia-Sita Nord S.r.l. ("Busitalia") is the subsidiary which operates in the sector of public road 
transport within the Regional Passenger Transport Operating Segment. Busitalia carries out its business, 
also through its subsidiaries ("Busitalia Group"), in various sectors, such as local public transport (both 
urban and suburban), long-distance bus service (both national and international), tourism and hires. 
In 2021, Busitalia Group recorded operating revenues of Euro 691.3 million with Euro 84.4 million 
EBITDA and -3.2 million EBIT, principally derived from service contracts with Regions, Provinces, and 
Municipalities as well as those from the additional service contracts with the region Tuscany. 
The tables below set out key financial information relating to Busitalia Group for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
(Euro/Million) 
Main indicators 
 
 
 
Operating revenues  
691.3 
 
650.2 
EBITDA  
84.4 
 
79.1 
EBIT  
(3.2) 
 
(9.2) 
Profit (loss) for the year  
(14.3) 
 
(18.4) 
 
 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
Busitalia Group traffic data 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PASSENGERS 
Thousands 
153 
 
150 
BUS/KM – 
Thousands 
173 
 
162 
 
Mercitalia Hub through the sub-holding, Mercitalia Logistics S.p.A. (100% owned by FS), and its 
subsidiaries operates in the cargo transport and in the logistics of the Group. The Mercitalia Hub is the 
cluster of Group's companies that operate in the freight transport and logistics business: the sub-holding 
company Mercitalia Logistics S.p.A., Mercitalia Rail S.r.l. (and its subsidiary Rom Rail S.r.l.), TX Logistik 
Group (based in Germany but active in different European countries), Mercitalia Intermodal S.p.A., 
Mercitalia Shunting & Terminal S.r.l. and TerAlp (Terminal AlpTransit S.r.l.). The purpose of Mercitalia 
Hub is to relaunch the freight business of the Group, developing integrated freight transport and logistics 
solutions that add value to railway use both in Italy and in Europe. 
In 2021, Mercitalia Hub recorded operating revenues of Euro 1,036.0 million vs. Euro 970.2 million in 
2020. 2021 EBIT increase from Euro -13.7million in 2020 to Euro -2.9 million in 2021, due to the increase 
of EBITDA from Euro 89.3 million in 2020 to Euro 96.5 million in 2021.  
The table below set out key financial information relating to Mercitalia Hub for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
(Euro/Million)

--- Page 110 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 100 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Main indicators 
 
 
 
Operating revenues  
1,036.0 
 
970.2 
EBITDA  
96.5 
 
89.3 
EBIT  
(2.9) 
 
(13.7) 
Profit (loss) for the year  
(20.2) 
 
(27.7) 
 
Ferrovie del Sud Est e Servizi Automobilistici S.r.l. (“FSE”) (100 per cent. owned by FS) is not only a 
passenger transport company that provides, through an integrated network, mobility services (train/bus) in 
Apulia Region but also a firm that provides transport engineering services (see next paragraph: 
Infrastructure Services). 
In 2021, the transport segment of FSE recorded operating revenues of Euro 105.8 million and FSE had a 
negative net result of Euro -2.6 million, with Euro 13.2 million EBITDA and Euro -0.2 million EBIT. 
FS Group key operating data in the transport segment (source: FS Group 2021 Annual Report):  
  
(*) Includes the group subsidiaries’ traffic abroad.  
 
Trains-km thousands 
Passengers-km millions

--- Page 111 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 101 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
 
 
FS transport segment revenues breakdown between Market services and Public Service Contracts (source: 
graphs figures from FS Group annual report):  
 
Infrastructure Services 
Within the macro-sector of Infrastructure Services, the Group operates through RFI and Anas, two of its 
main subsidiaries with the public role of Infrastructure Manager. RFI is responsible for the entire Italian

--- Page 112 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 102 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
national rail infrastructure including tracks that are 16,832 km long while Anas manages and is responsible 
for Italy's national road and motorway infrastructure for over 32,000 km. The other group companies active 
in this macro-sector are Italferr, the group’s engineering company, FSE and Grandi Stazioni Rail. 
RFI – Rete Ferroviaria Italiana S.p.A. (100% owned by FS) performs the role of railway Infrastructure 
Manager in Italy, as assigned by a deed of concession (Concessione) granted by the the Ministry of 
Sustainable Infrastructures and Mobility ("MIMS") in October 2000 with a duration of 60 years (the "RFI 
Deed of Concession") and on the basis of the Contratto di Programma, a program contract governing 
relations with the State. RFI is responsible for the design, construction, commissioning, management, and 
maintenance of the railway infrastructure in Italy. It manages the control and safety systems connected with 
train operations, contracts with railway companies, and draws up the timetables for the rail network and 
promotes the integration of the Italian infrastructure within the European railway network. RFI is also 
operating in the ferry service between Sicily and Sardinia directly and through its subsidiaries. RFI is in 
charge of the development of high-speed projects, it is active in investing in technology innovation and 
implementing new technology through internal programmes dealing with technology in safety, traffic 
management and efficiency and development; moreover RFI is also planning on expanding links between 
Northern Italy and other EU countries as well as adding more connections in Southern Italy, including 
Naples–Bari, Salerno–Reggio Calabria, and Palermo–Catania-Messina, these projects are under 
designing/construction. 
In 2021, RFI had net profit equal to Euro 275 million (Euro 38 million in 2020) and EBITDA of Euro 452 
million (Euro 333 million in 2020).  
In 2021, the revenues from sales and services increased by Euro 516 million mainly due to the following 
factors: 
• 
the Euro 185 million increase in fee revenue as a result of the increase in traffic volumes in the year 
(Euro 70 million), greater revenue following the adjustment under ART decision no. 88/2021 
following the restatement of the access fee to the HS/HC railway infrastructure for the 2014-2015 
period (Euro 124 million), lower revenue from the recognition of adjustments under ART decision 
no. 175/2021 for companies operating under the Open Access regime (Euro 9 million); 
• 
the Euro 13 million increase in revenue from service concessions relating to invoicing to the Umbria 
region for work performed under the infrastructure operation contract;  
• 
the Euro 195 million increase in revenue from traffic-related services due to: 
o 
the Euro 193 million increase in revenue from the sale of electrical energy for traction 
following the sharp rise in energy prices and the greater needs due to the resumption of train 
traffic compared to the previous year; 
o 
the Euro 2 million increase in revenue from transport-related services, mainly due to greater 
parking revenue in connection with higher energy prices; 
• 
the Euro 2 million increase in revenue from ferrying services following the resumption of journeys, 
which had dramatically decreased in 2020 due to the Covid-19 pandemic; 
• 
the Euro 3 million increase in sundry service revenue as the combined effect of greater revenue for 
health services (Euro 6 million) partly offset by the drop in revenue from penalties (Euro 2 million) 
and less revenue from sites and tunnels (Euro 1 million); 
• 
the Euro 20 million decrease in revenue from processing for third parties mostly due to the slowdown 
in work on Palermo metro rail; 
• 
the Euro 4 million increase in revenue from the sale of materials due to greater sales of scraps and 
other materials following the resumption of activities at the workshops; 
• 
the Euro 80 million increase in revenue from grants because of greater grants from the GPC-S (Euro 
50 million) and other grants (Euro 30 million) for the reimbursement of component B to the railway 
companies for the long-haul and freight market segments; 
• 
the Euro 48 million decrease in provisions due to those made in 2020 and not repeated in 2021;

--- Page 113 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 103 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
• 
the Euro 6 million increase in revenue from property management as a result of higher lease revenue 
(Euro 12 million) following new leases for buildings and the fact that the discount granted to tenants 
in 2020 was not repeated in 2021, partly offset by smaller revenue from the recharging of building 
expenses (Euro 3 million) and advertising space (Euro 3 million).  
Other income increased by Euro 49 million, mainly due to the following: 
• 
the Euro 45 million increase in revenue from the sale of materials no longer in use and removed 
from production; 
• 
the Euro 9 million increase in prior year income following the court decision to assign ownership of 
land in Milano Segrate to RFI;  
• 
the Euro 5 million decrease in revenue from sundry services due to smaller invoices for maintenance 
on the Pietrarsa museum and routine and non-routine network maintenance. 
Personnel expense increased by Euro 171 million due to higher expense for employees (Euro 169 million) 
and greater other costs for personnel (Euro 2 million). Specifically, the expense for employees rose due to 
employee turnover and the consequent increase in fixed and related remuneration, which had dropped 
significantly in the previous year due to the Covid-19 pandemic, and because of greater accruals and 
releases. 
Other costs, net rose by Euro 275 million, mainly following the combined effect of the following factors: 
• 
total increase of Euro 328 million in raw materials, consumables, supplies and goods, mainly due to 
the following changes: 
- 
the Euro 99 million increase in the consumption of materials as the combined effect of greater 
consumption for investments (Euro 93 million) and greater consumption for operations (Euro 
6 million) as the workshops resumed activities after having suffered a slowdown in 2020 
because of the Covid-19 pandemic;  
- 
the Euro 195 million increase in electrical energy and fuel costs for train traction due to the 
increase in electrical energy market costs, which in September began sky-rocketing, and the 
greater demand from the railway companies as trains resumed operations; 
- 
the Euro 36 million increase in costs for lighting and driving force, also related to the higher 
electrical energy market costs and the resumption of activities;  
- 
the Euro 3 million decrease in the price of materials in stock due to the streamlining of 
inventories to minimise the cost of retaining stocks; 
• 
the Euro 75 million increase in service costs, essentially due to the combined effect of: 
- 
the Euro 27 million increase in costs for maintenance and repairs on real estate and movable 
assets, consisting of increases in line maintenance (Euro 24 million) and building 
maintenance (Euro 10 million), partly offset by lower costs for natural disasters (Euro 5 
million) and maintenance on movable assets (Euro 2 million); 
- 
the Euro 17 million increase in cleaning and other contracted services, substantially due to 
greater cleaning costs for Covid-19 sanitising (Euro 19 million) partly offset by smaller 
contracted station services (Euro 2 million); 
- 
the Euro 17 million increase in real estate services and utilities; 
- 
the Euro 14 million increase in IT services; 
- 
the Euro 9 million rise in sundry costs, mainly due to the greater costs for travel and 
accommodation (Euro 5 million), for the railway police (Euro 1 million), testing (Euro 1 
million) and lower cost adjustments for repayments to group companies (Euro 2 million);  
- 
the Euro 10 million decrease in costs for processing for third parties due to the slowdown in 
work on Palermo metro rail; 
• 
the Euro 3 million increase in third-party assets due to greater charges for the lease of vehicles;

--- Page 114 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 104 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
• 
the Euro 16 million growth in other operating costs, mainly due to the higher costs for the Free 
Travel Card (“CLC”) (Euro 4 million), membership fees (Euro 2 million), taxes and duties (Euro 6 
million), accruals to the provision for risks and charges and smaller releases (Euro 7 million), partly 
offset by smaller losses on the sale of assets (Euro 3 million); 
• 
the Euro 147 million rise in internal work capitalised due to the rise in the use of materials (Euro 93 
million) and personnel (Euro 54 million). 
Amortisation and depreciation increased by Euro 21 million mainly due to the resumption of railway traffic, 
which in 2020 had undergone a long and significant slowdown due to the pandemic. 
Net impairment losses rose by Euro 25 million due to the greater impairment losses on Property, plant 
and equipment (Euro 17 million) and Intangible assets (Euro 1 million), plus greater adjustments (Euro 6 
million) through the loss allowance. 
Provisions are down Euro 127 million as the accrual to the fund for income assistance of 2020 was not 
repeated in 2021. 
Net financial income improved by Euro 35 million due to the rise in financial income (Euro 37 million), as 
a result of the monetary revaluation of the adjustment provided for by ART decision no. 88/2021 as 
described above, partly offset by the uptick in financial expense (Euro 2 million) following greater interest 
to other financial backers (Euro 6 million) and lower interest and charges to the parent (Euro 4 million). 
The table below set out key financial information relating to RFI for the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020. 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
(Euro/Million) 
Main indicators 
 
 
 
Operating revenues  
3,057.0 
 
2,491.5 
 
Track access charges 
937.9 
 
752.6 
 
CdP-Services Part  
1,371.4 
 
1,291.3 
 
Sale of electrical energy for traction  
317.9 
 
125.1 
 
Other income  
429.8 
 
322.5 
EBITDA  
452.3 
 
332.8 
EBIT  
272.2 
 
71.1 
Profit (loss) for the year  
274.6 
 
38.3

--- Page 115 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 105 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
OPERATING RAILWAY LINES       16,832 km 
CLASSIFICATION 
  
Main lines 
6,486 km 
Complementary lines 
9,396 km 
Hub lines 
950 km 
TYPE  
  
Double-track lines 
7,732 km 
Single-track lines 
9,100 km 
POWER 
  
Electrical lines 
12,160 km 
_double track 
7,655 km 
_single track 
4,505 km 
Diesel fuel lines 
4,672 km 
TOTAL TRACK LENGTH        24,564 km  
Traditional line 
23,097 km  
HS line 
1,467  km 
RAILWAY PLANT 
Stations that can serve passengers 
~2,200 
Ferry facilities 
4 
Freight plant 
207 
 
Anas S.p.A. (100% owned by FS) performs the role of road infrastructure manager in Italy, as assigned by 
a deed of concession (Concessione) granted by the Ministry of Sustainable Infrastructures and Mobility 
("MIMS") in December 2002 with a duration of 30 years (the "Anas Deed of Concession"), and on the 
basis of the Contratto di Programma, a program contract governing relations with the State. Anas manages 
Italy's national road and motorway network and provides support to public entities and roadway design, 
construction, and maintenance both in Italy and abroad.  
 
 
The table below sets out key financial information relating to Anas for the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020.  
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
(Euro/Million) 
Main indicators 
 
 
 
Operating revenues  
2,889.4 
 
2,340.5 
 
Revenues for construction services 
2,017.9 
 
1,549.6 
 
Revenues from concession fee 
690.2 
 
581.9 
 
Other income  
181.3 
 
208.9 
EBITDA  
147.4 
 
168.0 
EBIT  
(6.6) 
 
(19.6) 
Profit (loss) for the year  
0.4 
 
(168.8)

--- Page 116 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 106 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Italferr S.p.A. (“Italferr”) (100% owned by FS) is the FS engineering firm and offers its services on the 
Italian and foreign markets in the field of transport engineering. It initiates and completes infrastructural 
and technological projects included in investment and upgrades plants for the railways. 
In 2021, Italferr recorded operating revenues of Euro 269.0 million and it had a positive net result of Euro 
45.1 million, with Euro 69.9 million EBITDA and Euro 64.5 million EBIT. 
GS Rail S.r.l. (“GS Rail”) (100% owned by RFI) manages and exploits the 14 most important Italian train 
stations: Roma Termini, Milano Centrale, Torino Porta Nuova, Firenze Santa Maria Novella, Bologna 
Centrale, Napoli Centrale, Venezia Mestre and Santa Lucia, Verona Porta Nuova, Genova Piazza Principe 
and Brignole, Palermo Centrale, Bari Centrale and Roma Tiburtina. 
In 2021, GS Rail recorded operating revenues of Euro 164.4 million and it had a positive net result of Euro 
5.5 million, with Euro 18.6 million EBITDA and Euro 9.7 million EBIT. 
The table below set out key financial information relating to GS Rail for the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020. 
 
December 2021 
 
December 2020 
 
(Euro/Million) 
Main indicators 
 
 
 
Operating revenues  
164.4 
 
152.6 
EBITDA  
18.6 
 
19.2 
EBIT  
9.7 
 
9.9 
Profit (loss) for the year  
5.5 
 
5.9 
 
Commercial Real Estate Activities 
Within the macro-sector of Commercial Real Estate Activities, the Group operates mainly through FS 
Sistemi Urbani S.r.l., furthermore, FS's real estate activities also contribute to the results of this segment. 
FS Sistemi Urbani S.r.l. (“FS Sistemi Urbani”) (100% owned by FS Italiane) carries out activities relating 
to integrated urban services and the enhancement of assets which are not linked to the conduct of the railway 
business through the integrated management and the development of real estate services. In 2021 FS Sistemi 
Urbani S.r.l. recorded operating revenues of Euro 28.0 million. The net results in 2021 for FS Sistemi 
Urbani were positive (1.3 million). 
Other Services 
Other companies which make up the non-core services of the Group are Fercredit S.p.A., Ferservizi S.p.A 
and FSTechnology S.p.A. 
Fercredit S.p.A. (“Fercredit”) (100 % owned by FS) is responsible for the financial services of the Group. 
Its activities are essentially focused on the development of the credit factoring and leasing on the captive 
market and on the expansion of the consumer credit transactions for the employees of the Group itself. In 
2021, Fercredit recorded a net profit of Euro 6.4 million compared to Euro 7.3 million in 2020. 
Ferservizi S.p.A. (“Ferservizi”) (100% owned by FS) is the Group's non-core services company, which 
constitutes the "Integrated Services Centre" of the FS Group, as it manages activities aimed at the following 
processes: Real Estate, Administration, Facility Management, Group Procurement. In 2021, Ferservizi 
recorded a net profit of Euro 19.6 million with Euro 39.9 million EBITDA and Euro 29.9 million EBIT.  
FSTechnology S.p.A. (“FSTechnology”) (100% owned by FS) is the Group’s company dedicated to 
technology and innovation. The activities of FSTechnology are focused on strengthen and support digital 
innovation, ensuring top levels of quality, efficiency, and time to market in customer services. In 2021,

--- Page 117 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 107 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
FSTechnology recorded a net profit of Euro 0.9 million with Euro 31.1 million EBITDA and Euro 2.5 
million EBIT. 
Corporate Bodies and Management 
The following table sets out the composition of the board of directors of the Issuer (the "Board of 
Directors") as of the date of the Base Prospectus. The shareholders' meeting on 26 May 2021 appointed a 
Board of Directors comprising seven members for a period of three terms (2021 - 2022 - 2023), which 
terminate on the date in which the financial statements for the last year of the director's third term (2023) 
is approved. According to clause 10.3 of the Articles of Association, the members of the Board of Directors 
may be re-elected. On 3 June 2021, the Board of Directors appointed Luigi Ferraris as chief executive 
officer. 
Board of Directors and Management  
The Board of Directors of FS consists of seven members. 
The following are the members of the Board of Directors of FS all of whom were appointed for the years 
2021 - 2022 - 2023 (until the approval of the 2023 financial statements). 
Name 
Position (FS) 
Other activities of the 
members of the Board 
of Directors within the 
Group 
Main activities of the 
members of the Board of 
Directors outside the 
Group (as of 31 October 
2022) 
Nicoletta Giadrossi  
Chairman of the Board 
of Directors 
N/A 
Advisor for Industry and 
Energy for Bain Capital 
Europe 
Chairman of Cairn Energy 
plc 
Non-Executive Director of 
Brembo S.p.A. 
Non-Executive Director of 
Vopak NV 
Luigi Ferraris 
CEO/Managing 
Director 
N/A 
Member of the Directive 
Board of Banca Passadore 
& C. S.p.A. 
Riccardo Barbieri 
Hermitte 
Director 
N/A 
Chief 
Economist 
and 
Director of Economic and 
Financial Analysis of the 
Department 
of 
the 
Treasury, 
Ministry 
of 
Economy and Finance, in 
Rome 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of the Cassa 
Depositi 
e 
Prestiti 
Foundation 
Member of the Board of 
Directors 
of 
the 
Tor 
Vergata Foundation

--- Page 118 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 108 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Government observer on 
the Supervisory Board of 
the Bank of Italy 
Pietro Bracco 
 
Director 
Chairman of the Risk 
and 
Sustainability 
Committee 
of 
Ferrovie dello Stato 
Italiane S.p.A. 
Partner of “AndPartners 
Tax and Law Firm” at 
Rome and Milan 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory 
Auditors 
of 
Eurogasmet S.p.A. 
Order 
of 
Chartered 
Accountants 
and 
Accounting Experts of 
Rome - member of the 
Excise 
and 
Customs 
Commission 
Adjunct Professor at the 
LUISS Business School  
Teacher in various masters 
of 
internal 
and 
international 
tax 
law 
managed by universities 
and from private structures 
Teacher in tax matters in 
important 
masters 
on 
energy 
Alessandra Bucci 
 
Director 
N/A 
Member of the Directive 
Board of Unidata S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Directive 
Board of the JOIN Group 
Business Advisory 
Contract 
professor 
in 
International 
Marketing 
Management 
at 
the 
Management Faculty of 
the Università La Sapienza 
in Rome 
Volunteer consultant for 
various 
non-profit 
organizations 
Member of the Directive 
Board of Unieuro S.p.A. 
Stefano Cuzzilla 
 
Director 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Committee 
Governance Nomine 
Chairman of the Directive 
Board of CIDA

--- Page 119 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 109 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
e Remunerazione of 
Ferrovie dello Stato 
Italiane S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Directive 
Board of Federmanager 
Chief Executive Officer of 
I.W.S. S.p.A. 
Member of the Promoting 
Committee of Fondirigenti 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Association 4.Manager 
Manager at ENAV S.p.A. 
(part time) in the welfare 
area 
Giornalista 
pubblicista 
all’Albo 
Professionale 
istituito presso l’Ordine 
dei Giornalisti del Lazio 
Vice-chairman 
of 
the 
Assocation Circolo Antico 
Tiro a Volo 
Member of the Board of 
Advisors of the American 
University of Rome 
Member of the Executive 
Board of the Health City 
Institute 
Member of the Advisory 
Board 
"Giovani 
Imprenditori 
Confindustria" 
Founder and Chairman of 
the Osservatorio per le 
Policy 
Transdisciplinari 
Internazionali 
Member 
of 
the 
Department of analysis, 
study and monitoring of 
criminal 
and 
mafia 
phenomena established by 
the Vatican City 
Member of the Politecnico 
Calzaturiero del Brenta 
Steering Committee 
Paola Gina Maria 
Schwizer 
Director 
N/A 
Full 
Professor 
of 
Economics of Financial 
Markets and Institutions,

--- Page 120 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 110 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
University 
of 
Parma 
(Italy) 
Vice Chairman of the 
Board of the Master's 
Degree Course in Finance 
and Risk Management at 
University 
of 
Parma 
(Italy) 
Affiliate Professor at SDA 
Bocconi 
School 
of 
Management, 
Banking 
and 
Insurance 
Area 
(Milan, Italy) 
Independent Director and 
Member of the Controls 
and Risks Committee of 
Hera S.p.A. 
Non-executive Director of 
Hera Trading S.p.A. 
Independent Director and 
Chairman of Controls and 
Risks 
Committee 
of 
Cellularline 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory Committee of 
IGM SGR in compulsory 
administrative liquidation, 
upon appointment of the 
Bank of Italy 
Member 
of 
ADEIMF, 
Italian 
Association 
of 
Professors in Financial 
Markets and Institutions 
and Corporate Finance 
Member 
of 
AIDEA, 
Associazione 
Italiana 
Docenti 
di 
Economia 
Aziendale 
Member 
of 
ECGI, 
European 
Corporate 
Governance Institute 
Member of the National 
Commission 
2021-2023 
for the National Scientific

--- Page 121 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 111 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Qualification as full and 
associate 
professor 
in 
Financial 
Markets 
and 
Institutions and Corporate 
Finance  
Member of the Board of 
the 
Dimetech-Lab 
Research 
Center, 
Department of Economics 
and 
Business, 
at 
University 
of 
Parma 
(Italy) 
Member of the Steering 
Committee of the Jean 
Monnet 
Center 
of 
Excellence for Sustainable 
Finance, EBI / EUSFIL at 
University 
of 
Genova 
(Italy) 
Member of the Advisory 
Board 
of 
"The 
CG 
Dialogue", 
at 
ecoDa, 
European 
Confederation 
of Directors’ Associations, 
Brussels 
Co-Editor of the "Journal 
of 
Management 
and 
Governance" 
Member of the Faculty of 
the 
PhD 
Program 
in 
Economics 
and 
Management 
of 
Innovation 
and 
Sustainability, 
Universities of Parma and 
Ferrara (Italy)  
Member of the Board of 
Trustees of Aifirm, Italian 
Financial Industry Risk 
Manager Association 
Member of the Scientific 
Committee 
of 
the 
Corporate 
Governance 
Observatory 
of 
The 
European 
House 
Ambrosetti

--- Page 122 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 112 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors of FS is Piazza della Croce Rossa, 1, 00161 
Rome, Italy. 
Board of Statutory Auditors  
The board of statutory auditors (the "Board of Statutory Auditors") has three standing members and two 
alternative members elected by the general shareholders' meeting. Pursuant to Article 2403 of the Italian 
Civil Code, the Board of Statutory Auditors verifies compliance with the law, the Articles of Association 
and with correct corporate governance principles, and also verifies the adequacy and functionality of the 
organisational structure and administrative and accounting systems adopted by the Issuer. 
The following are the members of the Boards of Auditors of FS all of whom were appointed on 3 May 2022, 
for a period of three terms (2022 - 2023 - 2024), which terminate on the date in which the financial 
statements for the last year of the director's third term (2024) is approved: 
Name 
Position (FS) 
Other activities of 
the members of the 
Board of Statutory 
Auditors within the 
Group 
Main activities of the members of 
the Board of Statutory Auditors 
outside the Group 
(as of 31 October 2022) 
Rosalba 
Cotroneo 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Board of Statutory 
Auditors 
- 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors of Aeroporto Marconi di 
Bologna S.p.A. 
Sergio Duca 
Statutory Auditor 
- 
Ferrari N.V.: Board member; Senior 
independent Director; Chairman of 
the 
Audit 
Committee; 
Chair 
pursuant to Article 15.2 of the 
articles of association of Ferrari 
N.V. 
Tofas: Board Independent Director; 
member of the audit committee; 
member of the Risk committee; 
chairman 
of 
the 
corporate 
governance committee 
Osai A.S. S.p.A.: Board independent 
Director; Chairman Related party 
Committee 
ISPI: Chairman of the Statutory 
Auditors  
Marino 
Marrazza 
Statutory Auditor 
- 
Statutory Auditor of Autostrade per 
l’Italia 
S.p.A. 
and 
Fondazione 
Pubblicità Progresso 
Sole Auditor of Rioda Imm.re S.r.l. 
and Fondazione VITA Editoriale 
Honorary 
President 
of 
Nedcommunity, the Italian 
association 
of 
non-
executive and independent 
directors

--- Page 123 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 113 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Francesco 
Tulimieri 
Alternate Auditor 
- 
- 
Letteria Dinaro 
Alternate Auditor 
- 
Statutory Auditor of Università 
degli Studi di Messina 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors of SAC SERVICE S.p.A. 
of Catania  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors of ENAC SERVIZI S.r.l. 
unipersonale 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of FS is Piazza della Croce Rossa, 
1, 00161 Rome, Italy. 
Conflict of Interest 
To the Issuer's knowledge, there are no existing potential conflicts of interest between the Board of 
Directors' or Board of Statutory Auditors' duties with respect to the Issuer and their private interests and/or 
duties. 
Third Party Information 
The Issuer confirms that third party information contained in the Base Prospectus has been accurately 
reproduced. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by a third 
party, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Capital  
According to Article 5 of the Articles of Association, the share capital of FS as at the date of the Base 
Prospectus is Euro 39,204,173,802.00 consisting entirely of ordinary shares with a par value of Euro 1 each. 
All the shares in issue are fully subscribed and paid up. No preference shares have been issued and the 
Issuer does not hold treasury shares. 
The share capital of FS can be increased by means of the contribution of cash or assets. Further to any 
increase in share capital, the new shares would need to be offered as options to the shareholders in 
proportion to the shares actually owned; those who exercise the option will have the right to purchase the 
shares. 
Corporate Governance 
The Issuer complies in all material respects with the Italian corporate governance regime applicable to it 
pursuant to its Articles of Association and Italian legislation. The corporate governance process is based on 
the provisions and communications issued by FS. FS is administered by a Board of Directors consisting of 
seven members (among them: the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer) appointed by the 
Shareholders' Meeting. 
Relevant Committees 
FS established two committees comprised of members of the Board of Directors of FS: the Control, Risks 
and Sustainability Committee and the Governance, Appointments and Salaries Committee. 
The main task of the Control, Risks and Sustainability Committee is to support evaluations and decisions 
taken by the Board of Directors on:  
i) 
financial and non-financial periodic reports’ approval; 
ii) 
internal control system and risk management;

--- Page 124 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 114 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
iii) 
sustainability concerning tasks related to the exercise of FS's activity and its dialogue with all 
stakeholders. 
The main task of the Governance, Appointments and Salaries Committee is to support evaluations and 
decisions taken by the Board of Directors on: 
i) 
governance (inter alia: board review; directors’ independence; composition of Group companies’ 
Board of Directors’; accumulation of offices and prohibition of competition); 
ii) 
appointments (inter alia: co-optation of directors; selection and identification of executives with 
strategic responsibilities; designation of bodies of subsidiaries; succession plans for executives with 
strategic responsibilities); 
iii) 
remuneration (inter alia: remuneration for executive directors and with particular offices; 
remuneration policy and incentive systems for executives; human resource development policy). 
In terms of internal organization, to provide guidance and support to its activities, FS has established other 
committees, the members of which are appointed from among the pro tempore holders of certain corporate 
functions: 
• 
Ethics Committee, body with an advisory and guiding role within the framework of the principles 
and standards of the FS Group Code of Ethics, established by board resolution of 23 December 2005 
and modified in composition by board resolutions of 28 May 2019 and 6 October 2021, circulated 
by Group Organizational Communication No. 75/AD of 14 December 2021. The Ethics Committee 
is entrusted with the following tasks: 
- to clarify, through consultative opinions, the meaning and application of the Code of Ethics; 
- to examine the reports and news received, through defined communication channels, promoting 
the most suitable verifications in compliance with what provided for by the corporate regulations 
on the matter; 
- to guarantee the utmost secrecy of the reporting subject, as well as of the subjects and facts 
reported, utilizing criteria and modalities for managing information and documents capable of 
protecting the identity and reputation of the subjects mentioned above, without prejudice to the 
obligations of law; 
- to support the competent corporate structures in defining the communication and/or training 
initiatives for the personnel, having as object the Code of Ethics and its updating; 
- to any need for amendments/additions to the Group Code of Ethics proposed by the Ethics 
Committees of Group companies; 
- to coordinate and maintain information flows with the Supervisory Body of the Issuer appointed, 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 for the aspects of mutual interest; 
- to inform periodically the Board of Directors of the Issuer of belonging on the activities carried 
out, with particular reference to the management of the reports received. 
The duties of the Ethics Committee are outlined within the Code of Ethics of the FS Group. 
• 
Capital Allocation Committee, established by Group Organizational Communication No. 93/AD 
dated 3 August 2022. With regard to all FS Group M&A transactions, relevant 
investment/disinvestment initiatives and participation in tenders proposed by corporate structures 
and Group companies, it is responsible for: 
- providing its clearance; 
- ensuring consistency with the strategies and objectives of the FS Group's Business Plan;  
- ensure economic and financial sustainability; 
- monitor the progress. 
• 
Group Information and IT Systems Security Committee, established by Group Provision No. 168/AD 
of 25 November 2013 and subsequently updated by Group Provision No. 238/AD of 9 October 2017.

--- Page 125 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 115 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
It is an inter-company advisory body for monitoring initiatives in this area, in consistency with 
Group Provision No.167/AD of 25 November 2013. Specifically, the Committee directs the FS 
Group's information security strategies, makes proposals to Group companies for the detection of 
critical business processes in relation to emerging risks in the use and management of information 
resources, monitors initiatives on the subject, and evaluates and approves proposals on the regulation 
of assessments and certifications in the field of information security and information systems. 
• 
SoD (Segregation of Duties) Committee, established by Group Provision No. 184/AD of 22 
December 2014 and updated by Group Provision No. 188/AD of 23 January 2015 with an advisory 
and guiding role on segregation of duties. It is responsible for defining, validating and overseeing 
the Group SoD Risk Matrix. In addition, the Committee analyzes and monitors the implementation 
of appropriate intervention methods for the management/resolution of SoD risks (remediation 
actions) detected across multiple staff processes of Group companies. 
• 
Equal Opportunities Committee, is a bilateral and joint business body established pursuant to Art. 
1, item 3, letter C) CCNL of the Mobility/Contractual Area Railway Activities and Art. 3 of the FS 
Group Corporate Contract of 20 July 2012. The purpose of the Committee is to promote initiatives 
and positive actions aimed at providing female workers with more favorable organizational and 
work distribution conditions, including for the purpose of reconciling work and family life. The 
Committee is organized into a national committee and 15 territorial committees. 
• 
Credit Committee, established by Group Provision No. 210/AD of 23 June 2016 and updated in 
composition by Group Organizational Communication No. 13/AD of 5 October 2018, with the task 
of monitoring the Group's credit performance, highlighting any critical issues and promoting the 
necessary corrective actions, and assessing the consolidated exposure by counterparty and any 
offsetting possibilities. 
• 
Sustainability Committee, established by Group Provision No. 211/AD of 1 July 2016, updated by 
Group Organizational Communication No. 25/AD of 22 March 2019, and further updated by Group 
Organizational Communication No. 76/AD of 15 December 2021, to ensure the integration of social 
and environmental aspects into the Group's economic and financial strategies as well as the 
promotion of sustainable development principles and values, while respecting the needs and 
expectations of stakeholders. The tasks are the following: 
- to serve as an advisory board to the CEO and General Manager, in his capacity as Chairman of 
the Sustainability Committee, on matters regarding the integration of social and environmental 
aspects into Group strategies; 
- to identify and keep updated the Group's desired strategic ambition, corporate values and 
sustainability principles as well as the Group's vision and related commitments for each 
sustainability aspect for final approval by the Board of Directors; 
- to identify ways of dialoguing, listening and involving stakeholders as well as ways of sharing 
results and actions to be taken; 
- to assess, with the relevant departments, the environmental and social impacts of strategic 
investment choices and related risks that may affect Group performance; 
- to ensure alignment and synergies with other corporate committees by promoting sustainability 
principles; 
- to analyze and evaluate the Group-wide materiality matrix for submission to the CEO and 
General Manager for final approval at the Board of Directors; 
- to prepare and update Group sustainability policies for submission to the CEO and General 
Manager for final approval at the Board of Directors; 
- to define the Group's proposed medium- to long-term sustainability objectives and targets to be 
submitted to the CEO and General Manager for final approval at the Board of Directors; 
- to analyze and evaluate any initiatives of a strategic nature to support Group companies; 
- to assess the Group's sustainability performance, the contents of the Group Sustainability Report 
and provide guidance and principles for planning activities aimed at their improvement.

--- Page 126 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 116 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
• 
Green Bond Working Committee, established by Group Organizational Communication No. 
2/DCRUO dated 27 March 2018 and updated in composition and duties by Group Organizational 
Communication No. 89/AD dated 12 July 2022. Its tasks are the following: 
- to monitor the persistence, with respect to the identified projects, of the criteria for financing 
through green bonds, as set out in the current Green Bond Framework of FS; 
- to assess the possible identification of new eligible projects within the current Green Bond 
Framework. 
• 
Protection Against Violence Committee, established by Organizational Communication no. 538/AD 
of 10 May 2018 with the task of guaranteeing legal protection to company personnel who decide to 
take legal action when it is victim of acts of aggression - including verbal and/or deferred, through 
any means of communication - by third parties to the FS Group, whether known or unknown, during 
the performance of their work performance and/or in any case in reference to the same, or 
intervening to safeguard assets belonging to the FS Group or personnel employed by it, or persons 
within the railway premises or, in general, of the Group. 
• 
Foreign Crisis Management Committee, established by Group Provision No. 277/AD of 24 October 
2019 “Model for the Governance of Travel Security in the FS Group”, through which the parent 
company provides support to Group companies both for insurance aspects, through the Central 
Department of Finance, Investor Relations, Insurance and Assets, and for the phases of Country risk 
analysis, monitoring of security conditions during the worker's stay abroad as well as the 
management of any crisis situations. 
• 
Group Crisis Management Committee, set up by Group Organizational Communication no. 82/AD 
of 4 April 2022, has the task of ensuring the coordinated management of situations of serious crises 
resulting from anthropic or natural events which, by way of example but not limited to, include: 
health emergencies, natural disasters, socio-political events, economic-financial crises, cyberattacks, 
etc. affecting the national and/or international scenario, such as to have a significant impact - actual 
or potential - in the Group's areas of operations and reputation.  
Also included within the scope of the Group Crisis Management Committee's oversight are 
“significant critical issues and incidents” within the scope of rail operations, as codified in the 
regulatory documents of the Subsidiaries, when potentially capable of producing negative impacts 
on more than one Group company.  
The Group Crisis Management Committee ensures the achievement of this objective by promptly 
activating the necessary resources, directing information flows to internal and external stakeholders, 
guaranteeing the maintenance of “business continuity”, the effective functioning of customer 
services as well as the integrity of the FS Group's reputation. 
• 
Sponsorships and Partnerships Committee, established by Group Organizational Communication 
No. 80/COM dated 23 February 2022 and responsible for evaluating and approving sponsorship and 
partnership initiatives for the Group. 
Internal Audit Department 
FS' management system is divided into eleven departments which report directly to the Chairman or to the 
CEO. The main Group companies have internal audit departments reporting to the Chairman of their Board 
of Directors. For companies that do not have (or do not yet have) their own internal audit departments, the 
parent's Central Audit Department provides this service. If an Audit Committee has been set up, the internal 
audit department reports to it as well, as defined by the relevant company's internal procedures. 
Internal auditing at group level is independent and objective, provides assurance and serves an advisory 
purpose, to improve the organisation's efficiency and effectiveness. It also helps the organisation to pursue 
its targets through a professional and systematic audit approach, which generates added value as it is aimed 
at assessing and improving control, risk management and corporate governance processes. 
For the analysed processes, the group's internal audit departments assess the adequacy of the internal control 
system (ICS), with respect to the following: 
• 
effective, efficient operations;

--- Page 127 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 117 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
• 
protecting company assets; 
• 
compliance with laws, regulations (both inside and outside the company) and contracts. 
The Central Internal Audit Department defines the group's audit guidelines and methodologies, which also 
helps better manage internal audit personnel. 
Law 262/2005 
Since 2007, as requested by the Shareholder MEF and in order to adopt corporate governance systems in 
line with those of listed companies, FS, as parent company, established the role of the Manager in charge 
for the Issuer’s accounting documents preparation (hereafter Manager in charge) pursuant to Law no. 262 
of 28 December 2005 "Provisions to protect asset management and regulate financial markets" for 
companies listed on financial markets. 
This role became legally mandatory in 2013, pursuant to article 154-bis of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998 (the "Consolidated Law on Finance"), when FS issued its first listed bond (in July 2013) 
resulting in FS’s status as a public interest entity pursuant to article 16 of Legislative Decree No. 39/2010 
as an "Issuer of listed financial instruments". 
The Regulation of the Manager in charge gives to the Manager the appropriate means and powers, 
commensurate with the nature and complexity of their duties and the size of the company and the group, 
and let the Manager in charge carry out the assigned duties, which include interacting with the parent’s 
other bodies and departments. 
Due to FS Group's organisational and operational complexity, in order to strengthen and improve efficiency 
in the application of this legislation, FS' Board of Directors has deemed it appropriate to introduce, from 
the beginning, in its main subsidiaries the figure of Manager in charge (RFI, Trenitalia, Mercitalia Logistics, 
Mercitalia Rail, Busitalia, Ferservizi, Fercredit, FSE and FS Technology). The Manager in charge is also 
present in Anas and in its direct subsidiaries Anas International Enterprise and Quadrilatero Marche 
Umbria. Furthermore, the figure of Manager in charge will be shortly introduced also in Italferr and in FS 
Sistemi Urbani. 
The current Manager in charge is the Head of Administration, Planning & Control which was confirmed 
by the Board of Directors on 16 June 2021 upon the CEO's proposal and with the approval of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors. He will remain in charge until the approval of the financial statements as at and for the 
year ending 2023. 
Law 231/2001 
Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001 ("Law 231/2001” or “Decree 231") "Regulation of the 
administrative responsibility of the legal persons, companies and associations even without legal 
personality under Article. 11 of September 29th 2000, no. 300" introduced into Italian law the principle of 
corporate criminal responsibility, i.e., criminal responsibility imposed on an entity, as well as on a natural 
person. 
The expansion of such responsibility allows both the property of the entities themselves as well as the 
economic interests of the shareholders to be considered in formulating the penalty of certain criminal 
offences committed by the company's directors or employees. 
Group procedure no. 306/P AD of 20 July 2022, which replaced the previous measures concerning the 
control model, requires the companies of the Group to adopt an organisational, management and control 
model to prevent the illegal conduct covered by Decree 231 and establish a supervisory body responsible 
for monitoring that the models are functional and compliant and propose updates to them. 
To ensure the bodies' independence, their members may not hold similar positions with subsidiaries or 
parents nor have interests in or carry out material transactions with the company, subsidiaries or parents. 
The aforementioned procedure as well as the FS Organization, Management and Control Model provide 
that the Company Supervisory Body is composed of: (i) at least two people from outside the Group, one of 
which - in possession of specific skills on Decree 231 - is also appointed Chairman, and (ii) by the head of 
the internal auditing department in charge or by another person from outside the Group. A member from

--- Page 128 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 118 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
outside the Group who does not hold the office of Chairman can be identified among the members of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors.  
If the Supervisory Body is made up exclusively of external members, the same Supervisory Body, in order 
to promote integration and synergy between the players of the internal control system, with its own 
resolution establishes whether (i) the head of the Internal Auditing department in charge regularly 
participates as an auditor in the meetings of the same with consultative and support functions, or if (ii) the 
aforementioned manager is summoned on a timely basis when needed by the Supervisory Body to 
participate in individual meetings or in the discussion of specific topics, always with consultative and 
support functions. 
Group companies characterized by less organizational and/or dimensional complexity, may set up a single 
Supervisory Body, composed of a person outside the Group with high and specific skills in the matter. 
Code of Ethics 
The Code of Ethics adopted by FS clearly sets out the responsibilities, ethical and social commitments that 
FS has with regard to the stakeholders, and outlines the rules underlying any action taken by the Group. It 
is approved by the Board of Directors and applies to the corporate bodies, management, employees, external 
consultants, commercial partners, suppliers and other stakeholders of the Group. 
Sustainability and Future’s Mobility 
Since 2008, FS Italiane has increasingly committed to drive the country's recovery by creating value and 
contributing to a multi-modal transport of people and goods which is increasingly more sustainable safe 
and, at the same time, focused on operational excellency; indeed, the business plan itself integrates the 
principles of social, environmental and economic sustainability with the aim of offering people 
personalised, high quality services. 
The Group plays a prominent role in the definition and implementation of the Recovery and Resilience Plan 
with respect to, in particular, the investments envisaged in Mission 3 "Infrastructures for sustainable 
mobility", 80% of which will go for development and strengthening of the national and regional railway 
network by approximately 25.4 billion euros, including 23.86 dedicated to RFI investments. 
FS Group is aware that it can significantly contribute to improving the wellbeing of millions of people - 
directly and indirectly - by helping develop mobility and logistics systems across various countries. This is 
the reason why the Group’s business strategy integrates social and environmental sustainability principles 
as a path paved by the Group’s senior management and leading to a sustainable, inclusive future to be built 
alongside stakeholders.  
With its 2022-2031 business plan, the Group aims to implement a system of resilient infrastructure, 
sustainable mobility and integrated logistics. 
Particular attention is paid to the ecological transition, with activities to improve efficiency and reduce 
consumption, together with new initiatives to enhance the value of its assets by installing plants to produce 
electricity from renewable sources, which are intended to cover at least 40% of the Group's energy needs.  
In order to demonstrate the commitment to sustainable development, the FS Italiane Group follows the 
guidelines and targets defined by the European Green Deal, contributes to the 17 Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) set out in the United Nations 2030 Agenda, and is actively involved in creating an inclusive 
and sustainable global economy by integrating the ten principles of the UN Global Compact within its 
strategy and day-to-day operations. 
FS Group is also a member of the UIC (Union Internationale des Chemins de fer), which promotes the 
railway sector around the world as a solution to the challenges of mobility within a sustainable development 
framework. 
The pillars of the Group’s sustainability strategy are:

--- Page 129 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 119 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
“E”, Environment 
• 
Carbon neutrality by 2040 
• 
Modal Shift 
• 
Sustainability KPIs in 
investment decisions 
• 
Managing risks associated 
with climate change 
“S”, Social 
• 
Our Clients 
• 
Our Partners 
• 
Our People 
- 
Skills development and 
youth employment 
- 
Gender diversity 
- 
Inclusion 
“G”, Governance 
• 
Transparency and 
inclusiveness 
• 
Standardisation and 
simplification model 
• 
Internal control and risk 
management investments 
• 
Improving the corporate 
structure 
• 
Updated statute  
 
FS believes that economic development, social inclusion and environmental protection can be pursued only 
through good sustainability governance. This is why a Sustainability Governance Model was adopted in 
2019 and the highest internal governance body, FS Italiane S.p.A.’s Board of Directors, was made 
accountable for it.  
In 2016, FS established a Group Sustainability Committee, an advisory board composed by senior 
managers from the main Group companies, accountable for the integration of social and environmental 
aspects into economic-financial strategies, the promotion of the values and principles of sustainable 
development and the fulfilment of stakeholders’ needs and expectations.  
Furthermore, in 2021 the Board Control, Risks and Sustainability Committee was established with the 
aim of being responsible for providing proposals and advice to the Board of Directors in the latter’s 
assessments and decision on the internal control and risk management system, its approval of periodic 
financial and sustainability reports as well as the sustainability profile of FS’ operations and its interaction 
with all stakeholders. 
FS’s Sustainability strategy is in compliance with high international standards, having explicit 
commitments declared in the Group’s policies and in the Code of Ethics. FS also helps creating a 
responsible value chain, both upstream and downstream. 
The FS Group’s relationships with suppliers (including external contractors, consultants, intermediaries, 
sub-contractors, sub-suppliers and, in general, all parties in the supply chain) and business partners are 
based on upholding the principles of honesty, integrity, impartiality and sustainability. 
As part of the Sustainable Procurement & Supply Chain Management project, FS Italiane S.p.A. issued the 
Group Guidelines for Sustainable Procurement.  
Based on this Guidelines, the Group companies rolled out a process aimed at including mandatory or 
rewarding (assigning a related score) sustainability criteria in their calls for tender based on the 
materiality of the environmental and social aspects applicable to the main categories of goods and services.  
Since 2009, Ferrovie has been publishing an annual Sustainability Report with the aim of illustrating its 
commitment to ESG. In addition, in 2017, Ferrovie published the first Consolidated Non-Financial 
Statement (DNF), pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 254/20162, within its Annual Financial 
Report. 
The Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance with the “GRI Sustainability Reporting 
Standards” and it is also subject, on voluntary basis, to a limited assurance by KPMG S.p.A. 
Since 2021, FS has been publishing GHG Report which focuses on strategies, governance, results and 
actions to fight climate change. In 2022, FS has committed to set near- and long-term company-wide 
emission reductions in line with science-based net-zero with the SBTi (Science Based Targets initiative, a 
partnership between CDP, the United Nations Global Compact, World Resources Institute and the World 
Wide Fund for Nature). On September 2022 FS Italiane has submitted a commitment letter establishing its 
intent to set science-based targets, in line with the Paris Agreement goals.

--- Page 130 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 120 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
As part of the wider Action Plan for Financing Sustainable Growth rolled out by the European Commission, 
the Group companies reviewed their activities under the lens of EU Regulation No 852/2020 (so-called 
EU Taxonomy), in relation to climate change mitigation and adaptation. 
An analysis of the performance of the Group and its four operating segments (Transport, Infrastructure, 
Real Estate and other services) shows that more than 76% of turnover, 66% of operating expenses and 99% 
of capital expenditures are actually eligible under the European Taxonomy. In line with the Regulation, the 
Group companies will perform the actual alignment to the EU Taxonomy Technical Screening Criteria 
(TSC) to check which activities meet the sustainability requirements (“aligned activities”) starting from 
2022. 
 
FS Sustainable Finance 
FS strongly believes that rail and public transport are critical for sustainable development and global efforts 
to combat climate change, by facilitating the modal shift away from cars into less carbon intensive modes 
of transport. 
FS’s Green Bond Framework, which aims at financing projects with a positive impact in terms of 
environmental and social sustainability, has been developed in 2017 and updated in 2019 and again on June 
2022. As of the day of the update of this Base Prospectus, the Eligible Green Projects provided by the Green 
Bond Framework include investments in the rolling stock’s renewal (both for passengers and freight 
transport), investments in the high speed railway infrastructure not already funded by Government grants 
and investments in rolling stock and railway infrastructure maintenance and revamping.  
The FS Green Bond Framework obtained a second party opinion from Sustainalytics assessing its 
compliance with ICMA Green Bond Principles and with the EU Taxonomy regulation.  
Since 2017 FS has issued 6 Green Bonds including 4 public issues and 2 private placements with the EIB 
for a total amount of 3.95 billion euros. 
FS has also signed other ESG transaction not included in the perimeter of the Green Bond Framework, 
including bonds and bank loans for a total amount of 1.59 billion euros. 
Moreover, in 2021 FS signed a new committed and revolving credit facility agreement for 2.5 billion euros 
and three years tenor with a syndicate of six financial institutions. The facility is the first Group's 
Sustainability Linked product, thanks to the provision of margin and commitment fee adjustments, linked 
to the achievement of targets for four KPIs that capture the Group's overall commitment in the ESG field. 
On June 2022 FS signed the increase of the Sustainability RCF’s plafond up to 3 billion euros adding two 
banks to the pool of banks. 
Employees 
The number of group employees went from 81,409 at 31 December 2020 to 81,906 at 31 December 2021, 
with a net increase of 497 (average number of employees decreased: -473).

--- Page 131 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 121 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Investments and Capital Expenditure 
The group’s capital expenditure entailed developing and managing volumes of roughly Euro 12.5 billion 
in 202112, 98% of which in Italy (+40% on the Euro 9 billion at 2020-year end). 
Total expenditure for investments by the FS Italiane group in 2021 amounts to Euro 9,976 million, Euro 
2,322 million of which as self-financed and Euro 7,654 million through government grants, up by roughly 
49% on the same figure at 31 December 2020. The breakdown of 2021 total expenditure for investments is 
presented below: 
 
Total Expenditure for 
investments 
 
(in millions of Euro) 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
9,675 
Intangible assets 
277 
Investment property 
24 
 
 
Total Expenditure for investments  
9,976 
 
Approximately 84.1% of capital expenditure refers to the Infrastructure operating segment, with RFI S.p.A. 
investing Euro 8,033 million (including Euro 5,640 million for the traditional/HC network, Euro 80 million 
for the HS/HC network between Turin, Milan and Naples and Euro 2,313 million for contractual advances 
to suppliers) and the Anas group investing Euro 2,241 million (including roughly Euro 295 million for 
contractual advances to suppliers). Around 15.7% of investments refer to the Transport operating segment 
for projects focusing on the transport of passengers by road and rail, both in Italy and abroad, and on the 
freight segment, with Trenitalia S.p.A. investing Euro 1,618 million (including routine maintenance), the 
Mercitalia group approximately Euro 136 million, the Busitalia group Euro 58 million and the other 
companies operating abroad investing Euro 134 million (Netinera, C2C, Trenitalia UK, Trenitalia France 
and TrainOSE). The Real estate and Other services segments account for the remainder of the group’s 
investments (approximately 0.2%) and they were mainly made by FSTechnology S.p.A. and FS Italiane 
S.p.A. principally for ICT projects. 
Overview of the Consolidated Financial Information of the Group 
Consolidated Income Statement for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(Euro/Million) 
Revenue 
 
 
 
Revenue from sales and services  
11,747 
 
10,482 
Other income  
407 
 
355 
Total revenue  
12,154 
 
10,837 
Operating costs 
 
 
 
Personnel expense  
(4,764) 
 
(4,432) 
Raw materials, consumables, supplies and goods  
(1,582) 
 
(1,278) 
 
12 In addition to the consolidated investments described above, capital expenditure includes the investments made by 
Anas S.p.A. and FSE S.p.A., recognised in accordance with IFRIC 12 (approximately Euro 2 billion), while the 
remainder is comprised of the investments of unconsolidated special-purpose vehicles (e.g., TELT, BBT, etc.).

--- Page 132 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 122 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Services  
(5,418) 
 
(4,800) 
Use of third-party assets  
(110) 
 
(116) 
Other operating costs  
(206) 
 
(175) 
Internal work capitalised  
1,814 
 
1,597 
Amortisation and depreciation  
(1,594) 
 
(1,604) 
Reversals of impairment losses  
(101) 
 
(180) 
Provisions  
 
 
(127) 
Operating profit  
193 
 
(278) 
Financial income and expense 
 
 
 
Financial income  
142 
 
81 
Financial expense  
(160) 
 
(387) 
Share of profits of equity-accounted investees  
32 
 
23 
Pre-tax profit  
207 
 
(561) 
Income taxes  
(14) 
 
(1) 
Profit (loss) from assets held for sale, net of taxes 
 
 
 
Profit for the year from continuing operations  
193 
 
(562) 
Profit for the year (attributable to the owners of the 
t
d
t
lli
i t
t )
193 
 
(562) 
Profit for the year attributable to the owners of the 
194 
 
(570) 
Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling 
i t
t
(1) 
 
8 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(Euro/Million) 
 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment  
47,049 
 
46,460 
Investment property  
1,477 
 
1,393 
Intangible assets  
2,560 
 
2,668 
Deferred tax assets  
546 
 
539 
Equity-accounted investments  
751 
 
765 
Service concession financial assets 
1,554 
 
1,891 
Non-current financial assets (including derivatives)  
993 
 
1,054 
Non-current trade receivables  
5 
 
6 
Other non-current assets  
4,254 
 
4,770 
Total non-current assets  
59,189 
 
59,546 
 
 
 
 
Inventories  
2,251 
 
2,307 
Current trade receivables  
2,971 
 
2,493 
Current financial assets (including derivatives)  
170 
 
637 
Service concession financial assets 
1,599 
 
1,412 
Cash and cash equivalents  
2,145 
 
1,270 
Tax assets  
100 
 
104 
Other current assets  
5,662 
 
3,450 
Total current assets 
14,898 
 
11,673 
Assets held for sale and disposal groups  
16 
 
0

--- Page 133 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 123 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Total assets  
74,103 
 
71,219 
 
 
 
 
Equity 
41,546 
 
41,409 
Equity attributable to owners of the parent 
41,385 
 
41,247 
Share capital  
39,204 
 
39,204 
Reserves  
60 
 
70 
Valuation reserves  
(423) 
 
(413) 
Retained earnings (losses carried forward)  
2,350 
 
2,956 
Profit for the year  
194 
 
(570) 
Total equity attributable to non-controlling 
i t
t
161 
 
162 
Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling 
i t
t
(1) 
 
8 
Share capital and reserves attributable to non-
t
lli
i t
t
162 
 
154 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
Non-current loans and borrowings  
8,901 
 
7,733 
Post-employment benefits and other employee benefits  
1,030 
 
1,073 
Provisions for risks and charges  
2,410 
 
2,437 
Deferred tax liabilities  
599 
 
597 
Contract advances  
1,171 
 
1,214 
Non-current financial liabilities (including derivatives)  
1,304 
 
1,381 
Non-current trade payables  
15 
 
26 
Other non-current liabilities  
124 
 
140 
Total non-current liabilities  
15,554 
 
14,601 
Current loans and borrowings and current portion of 
t l
d b
i
2,774 
 
3,832 
Current portion of provisions for risks and charges  
13 
 
18 
Current trade payables  
6,445 
 
5,586 
Tax liabilities  
6 
 
4 
Contract advances  
577 
 
431 
Current financial liabilities (including derivatives)  
213 
 
169 
Other current liabilities  
6,975 
 
5,169 
Total current liabilities 
17,003 
 
15,209 
Liabilities held for sale and disposal groups  
0 
 
0 
Total liabilities  
32,557 
 
29,810 
Total equity and liabilities  
74,103 
 
71,219 
 
Consolidated Cash Flows Statement for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(Euro/Million) 
Profit for the year 
193 
 
(562) 
Income taxes 
14 
 
1 
Net financial expense 
18 
 
307 
Amortisation and depreciation 
1,594 
 
1,603 
Share of profits/losses of equity-accounted 
i
t
t
(32) 
 
(23) 
Accruals to provisions and impairment losses  
580 
 
734

--- Page 134 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 124 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Profit on sales 
(126) 
 
(81) 
Change in inventories  
162 
 
(14) 
Change in trade receivables  
(434) 
 
176 
Change in trade payables  
846 
 
(211) 
Change in other liabilities  
1,785 
 
(497) 
Change in other assets  
(1,611) 
 
659 
Uses of provisions for risks and charges  
(515) 
 
(694) 
Payment of employee benefits  
(198) 
 
(209) 
Change in assets/liabilities held for sale 
 
 
29 
Financial income collected/financial expense paid 
(59) 
 
(178) 
Income taxes paid, net of reimbursed tax assets 
(14) 
 
(14) 
 
 
 
 
Net cash flow generated by operating activities  
2,203 
 
1,026 
 
 
 
 
Increases in property, plant and equipment  
(9,561) 
 
(6,229) 
Increases property  
(24) 
 
(5) 
Increases in intangible assets  
(275) 
 
(257) 
Increases in equity investments  
(191) 
 
(178) 
Investments, before grants  
(10,051) 
 
(6,668) 
 
 
 
 
Grants for property, plant and equipment  
7,646 
 
4,352 
Grants for investment property  
 
 
 
Grants for intangible assets 
9 
 
 
Grants for equity investments  
182 
 
150 
Grants  
7,837 
 
4,502 
 
 
 
 
Decrease of property, plant and equipment  
84 
 
111 
Decrease of investment property  
6 
 
3 
Decrease of intangible assets 
 
 
1 
Decrease of equity investments  
19 
 
7 
Divestments  
109 
 
122 
 
 
 
 
Net cash flow used in investing activities 
(2,105) 
 
(2,044) 
 
 
 
 
Finance lease payments 
(177) 
 
(188) 
Disbursement and repayment of non current loans 
1,090 
 
(125) 
Disbursement and repayment of current loans  
(984) 
 
420 
Change in service concession financial 
t /li biliti
252 
 
248 
Grants related to asset on loans and borrowings 
504 
 
611 
Change in financial assets  
55 
 
(60) 
Change in financial liabilities  
12 
 
(56) 
Dividends  
 
 
 
Changes in equity 
 
 
(108) 
 
 
 
 
Net cash flow generated by in financing activities 
752 
 
742 
 
 
 
 
Total cash flows  
850 
 
(276) 
Opening cash and cash equivalents  
1,258 
 
1,534 
Closing cash and cash equivalents  
2,108 
 
1,258

--- Page 135 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 125 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
of which intragroup current account 
(37) 
 
12 
 
Reclassified Consolidated Statement of Financial Position as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 
 
As of 31 December 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(Euro/Million) 
ASSETS 
 
 
 
Inventories  
2,251 
 
2,307 
Current trade receivables  
2,971 
 
2,493 
Non-current trade receivables  
5 
 
6 
Other current assets (Advances to suppliers) 
1,126 
 
916 
Current trade payables  
(6,445) 
 
(5,586) 
Non-current trade payables  
(15) 
 
(26) 
Other current liabilities (Current Other advances Group 
i
)
(2) 
 
(3) 
Net operating working capital  
(110) 
 
107 
Other current assets (without Advances to suppliers) 
4,536 
 
2,534 
Other non-current assets  
4,254 
 
4,770 
Tax assets  
100 
 
104 
Deferred tax assets  
546 
 
539 
Other current liabilities (without Current Other advances Group 
i
)
(6,973) 
 
(5,166) 
Other non-current liabilities  
(124) 
 
(140) 
Current financial liabilities (Interest accrued and current liabilities 
from derivative)  
(2) 
 
(1) 
Tax liabilities  
(6) 
 
(4) 
Other assets, net  
2,331 
 
2,636 
Working capital  
2,221 
 
2,743 
Intangible assets  
2,560 
 
2,668 
Property, plant and equipment  
47,049 
 
46,460 
Investment property  
1,477 
 
1,393 
Non-current financial assets (Equity investments)  
414 
 
412 
Equity-accounted investments  
751 
 
765 
Net non-current assets  
52,251 
 
51,698 
Provisions for risks and charges  
(2,410) 
 
(2,437) 
Deferred tax liabilities  
(599) 
 
(597) 
Current portion of provisions for risks and charges  
(13) 
 
(18) 
Post-employment benefits and other employee benefits  
(1,030) 
 
(1,073) 
Other provisions  
(4,051) 
 
(4,125) 
Assets held for sale and disposal groups  
16 
 
 
Net assets held for sale  
16 
 
 
NET INVESTED CAPITAL  
50,437 
 
50,316 
Current financial assets (without derivative financial assets 
current - CFH and Interest derived from current assets and 
accrued)  
(170) 
 
(637) 
Cash and cash equivalents  
(2,145) 
 
(1,270) 
Service concession financial assets 
(1,599) 
 
(1,412) 
Current financial liabilities (without Derivative financial liabilities 
current - CFH and Interest accrued and current liabilities from 
210 
 
163

--- Page 136 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 126 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Contract advances  
577 
 
431 
Current loans and borrowings and current portion of non-current 
loans and borrowings  
2,774 
 
3,832 
Net current financial debt  
(352) 
 
1,106 
Non-current financial assets (without Derivative financial assets 
no current - CFH and Equity investments)  
(573) 
 
(631) 
Non-current financial liabilities (without Derivative financial 
liabilities no current - CFH) 
1,295 
 
1,362 
Contract advances  
1,171 
 
1,214 
Service concession financial assets 
(1,554) 
 
(1,891) 
Non-current loans and borrowings  
8,901 
 
7,733 
Net non-current financial debt  
9,239 
 
7,787 
Net financial debt  
8,887 
 
8,893 
Non-current financial assets (Derivative financial assets no 
current - CFH)  
(6) 
 
(11) 
Current financial liabilities (Derivative financial liabilities current 
- CFH)  
1 
 
5 
Non-current financial liabilities (Derivative financial liabilities no 
current - CFH)  
9 
 
19 
Reserves  
60 
 
70 
Valuation reserves  
(423) 
 
(413) 
Retained earnings (losses carried forward)  
2,350 
 
2,956 
Share capital  
39,204 
 
39,204 
Profit for the year  
194 
 
(570) 
Share capital and reserves attributable to non-controlling interests  
162 
 
154 
Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling interests  
(1) 
 
8 
Shareholders funds 
41,550 
 
41,423 
COVERAGE  
50,437 
 
50,316 
 
 
 
 
 
The group returned to a profit-making position in 2021 with a profit of Euro 193 million (+134%) after the 
large loss of 562 million for the previous year, mostly caused by the Covid-19 pandemic. 
Revenue increased by Euro 1,317 million (+12%) as a result of the rise in revenue from transport services 
(Euro 730 million) and revenue from infrastructure services (Euro 532 million) offset by the reduction in 
other revenue from contracts with customers (Euro 14 million). On the other hand, other revenue and 
income increased by Euro 69 million during the year. 
Specifically, with respect to the components of revenue from transport services (Euro +730 million): 
• 
revenue from the long-haul railway passenger transport services increased by Euro 267 million, both 
with respect to the market component (Euro +200 million) and the universal service component 
(Euro +67 million). 
With respect to the market component, the upturn in demand seen by the group’s main passenger 
transport operator accounted for 20.7% of the total, bolstered by the 5% increase in saleable seats 
per km, even considering the staggered seating on trains required to maintain the necessary social 
distancing, which was 50% until August, 75% from 1 September and 80% from November. 
Therefore, revenue continues to be affected by Covid-19 albeit to different extents during the year. 
Revenue from the universal services showed a 34.1% increase in demand and a 30.9% increase in 
saleable seats per km, despite the above-mentioned difficulties caused by the staggered seating. The 
universal service contract consideration was substantially unchanged from the previous year 
(approximately Euro +3 million; +0.9%); 
• 
revenue from regional railway passenger transport services increased by Euro 428 million, due to 
the uptick in both domestic services (Euro +342 million) and international services (Euro +86 
million). The Euro 128 million increase in revenue from domestic passenger transport services was 
driven by the easing and subsequent lifting of the restrictions on travel introduced by the competent

--- Page 137 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 127 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
authorities to contain the spread of Covid-19; the remainder of the increase relates to revenue from 
public service contracts (Euro +214 million). This large increase is mostly due to the performance 
of the service contracts agreed by Trenitalia S.p.A. with the individual regions, including the 
estimate of the consideration necessary for the contracts to break even, considering the grants 
expected to be received for the regional public transport sector. No reduction in consideration 
occurred thanks partly to article 29.3-bis of Decree-law No. 41 of 22 March 2021, which extended 
the non-application of consideration curtailments or sanctions/penalties for LPT (local public 
transport) and regional transport services until the end of the state of emergency and, in any case, 
no later than 31 July 2021. This period was extended to 31 March 2022 with the conversion of 
Decree-law No. 221 of 24 December 2021 into Law no. 11 of 18 February 2022. 
With respect to revenue from international passenger transport services (Euro +86 million), all the 
markets in which the group has a foothold performed positively (German market: Euro +73 million; 
Dutch market: Euro +9 million; Greek market: Euro +4 million), mostly as a result of the steady 
lifting of the restrictions introduced by governments to curb the spread of Covid-19; 
• 
revenue from passenger road transport decreased by Euro 2 million in the year, while sea freight 
transport increased by Euro 4 million; 
• 
revenue from railway freight transport increased by Euro 33 million, as a result of the gradual uptick 
in traffic during the year. 
Revenue from infrastructure services rose by Euro 532 million on the previous year, mainly attributable 
to Anas S.p.A. (for approximately Euro 580 million), reflecting the trend in service and concession 
consideration linked to road traffic, and RFI S.p.A., which recorded an increase in toll revenue of Euro 53 
million: Euro 20 million for the higher traffic volumes in terms of train-km and Euro 33 million as the net 
effect of the higher revenue recognised under ART decision no. 88/2021 (recovery of the fees) to access 
HS/HC infrastructure in the period from 6 November 2014 to 31 December 2015) and the smaller revenue 
recognised as a result of ART decision no. 175/2021 (adjustments under the open access regime). 
Other revenue from contracts with customers decreased by Euro 14 million and mainly reflects higher 
revenue from sales of electrical energy for traction (Euro +62 million), due to higher train-km as well as 
the hike in energy prices; higher revenue from other services provided to railway companies (Euro +20 
million) and greater sales of land and buildings held for trading (Euro +12 million), offset by the smaller 
revenue from the Riyadh metro contract (-Euro 42 million) due to the redefinition of the assumptions 
underlying the project (mostly the additional costs and contingencies linked to the Covid-19 pandemic). 
Revenue from contract work in progress decreased by Euro 66 million. 
Other revenue from sales and services increased by Euro 18 million, mostly due to the larger amount of 
grants received (Euro +15 million), while Other income jumped Euro 52 million at consolidated level, 
principally as a result of the recognition of higher sanctions and gains. 
In 2021, the group received Covid-19 grants of Euro 958 million compared to Euro 1,054 million in 2020. 
The 2021 grants mostly related to the long-haul market business, which received Euro 460 million in 2021 
(Euro 323 million in 2020); the railway and road LPT business (domestic and international), which received 
grants of Euro 215 million (Euro 361 million in 2020); and the infrastructure business, which received Euro 
281 million (Euro 370 million in 2020), including the effect of the toll discount applied to the third-party 
railway companies. 
Operating costs came to Euro 10,266 million for the year, up Euro 1,062 million (+12%) on 2020, chiefly 
due to: 
• 
the Euro 332 million increase in personnel expense; the most significant variations were seen in 
“Wages and salaries” (Euro +251 million) due to the rise in the fixed and variable remuneration 
components linked to the resumption of business activities, and “Accruals/releases” (Euro +110 
million); 
• 
the increase of Euro 730 million in other costs, net as a result of industrial factors. Specifically, the 
increase mainly relates to the cost of raw materials, consumables, supplies and goods, which 
increased by Euro 304 million (mostly due to the above-mentioned higher energy prices and the 
greater consumption of materials); and service costs, up Euro 618 million, mainly related to the new 
works and non-routine maintenance of roads and motorways, directly linked to the higher revenue

--- Page 138 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 128 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
from infrastructure; offset by capitalisations, which increased by Euro 217 million and related to 
work performed on infrastructure, maintenance to upgrade rolling stock at the group’s workshops 
and technological upgrades. 
The operating profit of Euro 193 million shows an improvement of Euro 471 million (+169%) on the loss 
of Euro 278 million for the previous year. 
Amortisation and depreciation amount to approximately Euro 20 million, net of the Sitaf transaction, and 
were affected by the changed rates for railway infrastructure due to the increase in the train-km parameter 
following the upturn in traffic on the railway network. 
Net impairment losses decreased by Euro 79 million, mostly as a result of the smaller impairment losses 
recognised on buildings, plant and machinery (-Euro 26 million) and on financial assets in accordance with 
IFRS 9, which led to the recognition of a smaller net loss (Euro 37 million), and the effect of the impairment 
loss recognised in 2020 by Trenitalia c2c due to the nonrecognition of financial assets by the Department 
of Transport (-Euro 9 million). 
Accruals of Euro 0 million amounted to Euro 127 million in 2020, mostly due to the adjustment of the 
Bilateral fund for income assistance, set up for proactive income and employment assistance, to cover 
extraordinary benefits to be paid in future years. 
Net financial income amounts to Euro 14 million showing an increase of Euro 297 million (Euro 254 
million net of the Sitaf transaction) compared to the previous year. 
Financial income increased by Euro 61 million, mostly due to the discounting of the Covid-19 grants 
recognised in 2020 for the passenger service and collected from the Ministry of Sustainable Infrastructure 
and Mobility (MIMS) in 2021 (Euro 23 million) and the Covid-19 grants recognised in 2020 by the road 
infrastructure operator (Euro 12 million); the recognition of interest income accruing since 1995 on the 
amount due from the Basilicata region, which was recognised in 2021 following the final court decision 
against the region (Euro 12 million); and the monetary revaluation of the fee) to access the HS/HC 
infrastructure recalculated with ART decision no. 88/2021 (Euro 11 million). Financial expense decreased 
(the effect of the Sitaf transaction was Euro 43 million), mostly as a result of the smaller impairment losses 
on the amount due from the operator Strada dei Parchi (-Euro 156 million) and smaller exchange losses (-
Euro 25 million). The share of profits of equity-accounted investees increased by Euro 9 million to Euro 
32 million from Euro 23 million for 2020. 
Income taxes increased from Euro 1 million in 2020 to Euro 14 million for 2021. Net of the change in the 
consolidation scope, they would have increased by Euro 22 million, principally due to the smaller release 
of net deferred taxes (Euro +25 million), partly offset by the smaller IRES (corporate income tax) taxes 
recognised for the year (-Euro 4 million). 
Strategy of the Group 
On 16 May 2022, Chairwoman Nicoletta Giadrossi and CEO Luigi Ferraris presented the new 2022-2031 
Industrial Plan of the FS Group, which envisages a profound redefinition of governance and a new 
organisational structure based on a long-term strategic and industrial vision.  
In order to fully exploit the potential of all Group companies and make a decisive contribution to the 
sustainable development of the country which is already experiencing extraordinary events such as the 
pandemic and the impact of international conflicts, the need emerged to redefine the governance and revise 
the organisational structure into four business hubs (as highlighted in the chart below), each with clear 
strategic objectives: “Infrastructure”, “Passengers”, “Logistics”, and “Urban”.

--- Page 139 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 129 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The enabling factors of the 2022-2031 Industrial Plan, which are key to its implementation, are innovation, 
digitisation, connectivity and development of the Group's people. 
Particular attention is paid to the ecological transition, with activities to improve efficiency and reduce 
consumption combined with new initiatives to leverage assets by installing plants to produce electricity 
from renewable sources. 
In the international arena, the FS Group wants to ensure sole control over the business, aiming to generate 
further value in the countries where it is already present: France, Spain, Germany, Greece, the Netherlands 
and the UK. Outside Europe, FS also plans to export integrated know-how through partnerships. 
Regulatory Framework 
Railway transport laws 
The services provided by the Group are subject to European Union and Italian laws.  
European 
legislation 
Italian 
legislation 
Description 
Comments 
90s 
Directive 
91/440/EEC 
Presidential 
Decree No. 
277/1998 
• 
Separation 
between 
infrastructure 
manager and railway undertakings 
• 
Development of EU railways 
• 
Administrative reorganization of 
the FS Group 
Directive 
95/18/EC 
Directive 
95/18/EC 
Presidential 
Decree No. 
146/1999 
• 
Introduction of license for railway 
undertakings 
• 
Infrastructure capacity 
• 
Charges for the use of the infrastructure 
 
 
Budget Law 
2001 (Art. 
131) 
• 
Transition from concession system to 
authorization system. 
• 
Italian market is fully liberalised 
Infrastructure Hub 
Passengers Hub 
Logistics Hub 
Hub Parent Companies 
Companies 
belonging 
to the same 
Hub 
Urban Hub 
CEO e 
Shared services 
(Ferservizi, Fercredit, FS 
Technology) 
BUSITALIA 
FSE PAX 
MERCITIALIA RAIL 
NETINERA 
TX LOGISTIK 
MERCITALIA 
INTERMODAL 
GS IMMOBILIARE 
METROPARK 
CREW 
ANAS 
ITALFERR 
FSE INFRA 
… 
… 
… 
…

--- Page 140 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 130 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
European 
legislation 
Italian 
legislation 
Description 
Comments 
 
Legislative 
Decree No. 
422/1997 
• 
Regionalisation 
of 
public 
local 
transport 
 
First package (2001) 
Directive 
2001/12/EC 
Directive 
2001/13/EC 
Directive 
2001/14/EC 
Directive 
2001/16/EC 
Legislative 
Decree No. 
188/2003 
Legislative 
Decree No. 
268/2004 
• 
Infrastructure capacity allocation 
• 
Regulation 
of 
access 
to 
the 
infrastructure 
• 
License for railway undertakings 
• 
Access charge calculation 
• 
Safety certificates 
• 
Interconnection 
between 
national 
railway system and the trans-European 
one 
 
Second package (2004) 
Directive 
2004/49/EC 
Directive 
2004/50/EC 
Directive 
2004/51/EC 
Regulation 
(EC) 
881/2004 
Legislative 
Decree No. 
162/2007 
Legislative 
Decree No. 
163/2007 
• 
Further 
integration 
to 
ensure 
consistency among key European rail 
markets. In particular: 
• 
Safety 
• 
Set up of an European Railway Agency 
• 
Liberalization of the freight rail market 
from 01/01/2007 
• 
The 
Legislative 
Decree 
No. 
162/2007 sets the safety rules and 
conditions for the access to the rail 
services market, attributing the 
expertise to a new autonomous 
institution, the “Agenzia nazionale 
per la sicurezza delle ferrovie” 
• 
The 
Legislative 
Decree 
No. 
163/2007 regulates the design, 
construction, 
commissioning, 
restructuring, renovation, operation 
and maintenance phases of railway 
systems, as well as with respect to 
professional 
qualifications 
and 
health and safety conditions of the 
staff who is deals with the operation 
and maintenance 
Third package (2007) 
Directive 
2007/58/CE 
Directive 
2007/59/CE 
Regulation 
(EC) 
1371/2007 
Law No. 
99/2009 
Legislative 
Decree No. 
15/2010 
Legislative 
Decree No. 
191/2010 
Legislative 
Decree No. 
247/2010 
• 
Further integration of rules for capacity 
allocation and calculation of charges 
for the use of the infrastructure 
• 
Introduction of certificates for train 
drivers 
• 
Rights and duties of rail passengers 
• 
Liberalization 
of 
international 
passenger traffic from 01/01/2010 
 
PSO 
(2007) 
Regulation 
(EC) 
1370/2007 
 
• 
Conditions under which competent 
authorities, 
when 
imposing 
or 
contracting 
for 
public 
service 
obligations, compensate public service 
operators for costs incurred and/or 
grant exclusive rights in return for the 
discharge of public service obligations. 
 
Salva Italia 
 
Law No. 
214/2011 (so 
called "Salva 
Italia") 
• 
Establishment of a new Authority 
competent for all mode of Transport 
 
Recast First 
package (2012) 
Directive 
2012/34/UE 
Legislative 
Decree No. 
112/2015 
From the entering into force of the 
Legislative Decree No. 112/2015 are 
abrogated the following laws: 
• 
The Legislative Decree No. 188/2013 
• 
The Articles 58 and 59 of the Law 
99/2009 
• 
The Presidential Decree No 146/1999 
 
Fourth package 
(2016) 
Directive 
2016/2370 
Regulation 
2016/2337 
Regulation 
2016/2338 
 
Legislative 
Decree No. 
139/2018 
• 
The Legislative Decree No. 139/2018 
amends the Legislative Decree No. 
112/2015 
For more details about the fourth package, 
see paragraph below

--- Page 141 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 131 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
European 
legislation 
Italian 
legislation 
Description 
Comments 
Regulation 
2016/796 
Directive 
2016/797 
Directive 
2016/798 
 
 
Decree-law 
No. 50/2017 
• 
New ART competences  
• 
Sources and allocation criteria of the 
National Fund for the Government’s 
financial contribution to the public local 
transport of the ordinary Regions. 
 
 
 
Decree-law 
No. 109/2018 
(called Decreto 
Genova) 
• 
Establishment of the new National 
Agency for Railway and Road and 
Highway Infrastructures Safety from 1 
January 2019 (ANSFISA).  
 
The ANSF kept competences for the 
railway safety until 4 December 2020, 
it has been then abolished. 
• 
New competence assigned to the ART 
on the highways concession fare 
regulation. 
 
 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2021/782 on 
rail 
passengers’ 
rights and 
obligations 
(recast) 
 
• 
Recast 
del 
Regolamento 
(CE) 
1371/2007 
strengthening 
of 
rail 
passenger rights. 
• 
The regulation will enter into force on 
7.06.2023 and on the same date the 
previous Regulation (EC) 1371/2007 
will be repealed. 
 
 
 
Law No. 
118/2022, art. 
9 (called Legge 
annuale per il 
mercato e la 
concorrenza 
2021) 
• 
Introduction of specific information 
obligations for the entrusting bodies in 
relation to the procedures for entrusting 
regional and local public transport 
services. 
• 
Attribution of supervisory and control 
powers to ART in relation to tender 
procedures for regional and local LPT 
services 
 
 
The Fourth Railway Package 
In 2016, the Fourth EU Railway Package was approved. 
The package consists of a market pillar and a technical pillar, which are respectively established in 
directives and regulations, as specified below: 
Market pillar 
• 
EU Directive no. 2016/2370 of the European Parliament and Council of 14 December 2016 
amending EU Directive No. 2012/34/EU as regards to the opening of the market for domestic 
passenger transport services by rail and the governance of the railway infrastructure. In Italy, the 
Directive was transposed by the Legislative Decree No. 139/2018; 
• 
EU Regulation No. 2016/2337 of the European Parliament and Council of 14 December 2016 
repealing the Council's regulation No. 1192/69 on common rules for the normalisation of the 
accounts of railway undertakings; and 
• 
EU Regulation No. 2016/2338 of the European Parliament and Council of 14 December 2016 
amending EC Regulation No. 1370/2007 which deals with the award of public service contracts for 
domestic passenger transport services by rail.

--- Page 142 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 132 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Technical pillar 
• 
EU Regulation No. 2016/796 of the European Parliament and Council of 11 May 2016, establishing 
a European Union Agency for Railways and repealing EC Regulation No. 881; 
• 
EU Directive No. 2016/797 of the European Parliament and Council of 11 May 2016 on the 
interoperability within the European Union; and 
• 
EU Directive No. 2016/798 of the European Parliament and Council of 11 May 2016 on railway 
safety. Both Directives that are part of the technical pillar must be transposed into national law by 
16 June 2019. 
In short, the market pillar provides for the opening of domestic passenger transport services to competition 
throughout the EU by December 2020. Right of access can be limited only to protect economic equilibrium 
of public service contracts. 
Furthermore, it contains rules concerning the infrastructure manager's independence within integrated 
groups, i.e., those in which there is both an infrastructure manager and railway undertakings. 
EU Regulation No. 2016/2338 provides calls for tenders as a general rule for awarding public service 
contracts. However, national authorities can continue to directly award service contracts under certain 
conditions. 
Technical pillar strengths the powers of the European Union Agency for Railways (EUAR, formerly ERA) 
concerning the rolling stock authorisation in EU countries and its certification in accordance with safety 
standards. 
Regulatory Overview Transportation 
• 
The relationship between Trenitalia and the Italian central / local administrations is regulated by 
different public service contracts ("PSCs") in which the required level of services are specified in 
terms of quantity and quality, tariff obligations, and fees. See also paragraph Public Service 
Contracts below. 
• 
The State and the Regions define the perimeter of the services to be provided on the basis of the 
mobility and accessibility of user needs. Contracts are subject to specific regulation that defines 
eligible costs in terms of company operational expenses, depreciations and adequate capital 
investments returns. 
• 
As the State and the Regions define quantity and quality of rail services included in the contracts, it 
is their responsibility to decide whether to reduce or increase them according to the terms and 
conditions defined in the contract. 
• 
PSCs contain appropriate tools and clauses to guarantee payments to railway undertakings by 
Regions within the stated terms. In case of non-payment or under compensation of the services 
provided, the railway undertakings have the right to reduce or even to stop the services. 
• 
Rail fares are adjusted annually for (i) inflation; (ii) any variations on contractual 
quality/performance objectives (e.g. punctuality, cancellations, cleaning); (iii) change in access 
infrastructure charges; and (iv) changes in regional fare policy. 
• 
According to EC Regulation 1370/2007, competent authorities (the Regions and the State) may 
decide to directly award PSCs or to launch competitive tenders. Since 1997 only a few Regions have 
launched tenders for local rail transport. To date, all the PSCs have been awarded to Trenitalia (on 
its own or as a consortium leader). From 2023, national and local authorities will still be able to 
directly award service contracts under certain conditions. 
• 
All risks deriving from the performance of the PSCs are borne by Trenitalia; the contracts with the 
central administration foresee the possibility of revision in case of significant change in the overall 
scenario, in order to maintain economic equilibrium.

--- Page 143 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 133 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Regulatory Overview Railway Infrastructure 
• 
As foreseen by the RFI Deed of Concession and Legislative Decree No. 112/2015 which 
implemented the Directive 2012/34/EU, the relationship between RFI and the State is regulated on 
the basis of an Agreement (Contratto di Programma), see also paragraph Deed of Concession below. 
• 
The Contratto di Programma is the basis for the funding of rail infrastructure development; the 
funding is primarily based on a medium term investment plan and covers infrastructure development, 
extraordinary maintenance and ordinary maintenance. Each Contratto di Programma lasts for a 
minimum of five years and may be subject to annual adjustments. 
• 
According to the current regulatory framework, there exists two Contratti di Programma: 
o 
the Contratto di Programma – Investment Part: it regulates investments to modernise and 
further develop rail infrastructure; and 
o 
the Contratto di Programma – Services Part: it regulates ordinary and extraordinary 
maintenance and other activities (including safety, security and navigation). 
• 
On 9 September 2019, the 2017-2021 Contratto di Programma – Investment Part completed the 
authorization process with the Court of Auditors’ registration of the approving MIMS/MEF Inter-
Ministerial Decree No. 87 of 7 March 2019. On 26 October 2020 has been completed the 2018-2019 
updated of the contract. 
• 
The 2016-2021 Contratto di Programma – Services Part took full effect on 2 October 2017 
following the Court of Auditors' registration of Ministerial Decree No. 359 of 12 July 2017 whereby 
the MIMS approved the deed. 
• 
The formalisation of the MIMS- RFI 2022-2026 Programme Contracts is being finalised, both for 
Services and Investment. 
Regulatory Overview Road Infrastructure 
• 
As foreseen by the Anas Deed of Concession, the relationship between Anas and the State is 
regulated on the basis of an Agreement (Contratto di Programma), see also paragraph Deed of 
Concession below. 
• 
The Contratto di Programma is the basis for the funding of the road and motorway infrastructure 
development; the funding is primarily based on a medium term investment plan and covers roads 
and motorways infrastructure development, extraordinary maintenance and ordinary maintenance. 
Each Contratto di Programma lasts for a minimum of three years and may be subject to annual 
adjustments. 
• 
According to the current regulatory framework, the Contratto di Programma provides two type of 
funding: 
o 
Compensation Services Part: to fund ordinary maintenance, operation services, security and 
recurring extraordinary maintenance (paving and guardrail). 
o 
Compensation Investment Part: to fund investments to modernise and further develop road 
infrastructure. This compensation covers depreciation costs and the regulatory net invested 
capital remuneration. 
• 
The 2016-2020 Contratto di Programma took full effect on 29 December 2017 following the Court 
of Auditors' registration of Ministerial Decree No. 588 of 27 December 2017 whereby the MIMS 
approved the deed. 
The Italian Transport Regulation Authority 
The Italian Transport Regulation Authority (Autorità di Regolazione dei Trasporti or "ART") became 
operational in January 2014. Its main objects are to: 
2. 
guarantee equitable and non-discriminatory access to rail, port, airport and highway infrastructures; 
3. 
define minimum quality levels for national and local transport considered to be a public service;

--- Page 144 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 134 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
4. 
regulate access to rail infrastructure; 
5. 
define public tender mechanisms to assign transport services; and 
6. 
cooperate with the public administration in identifying public service obligation routes and support 
it in identifying the most effective methods to finance them. 
The original framework of the functions provided in the law which established the ART has been 
progressively widened, adding new competencies to the ART:  
• 
Legislative Decree No. 70/2014 assigned to the ART the role of independent entity to supervise the 
compliance of the regulation for the rail transport passengers' rights; 
• 
Legislative Decree No. 50/2017 assigned to the ART the responsibility to transport Opera define 
Public Service Contracts content, efficiency targets and financial balance targets which the Public 
transport Operator has to be compliant. 
• 
Decree-law No. 109/2018 assigned to the ART competences on the highways concessions fare 
regulation. 
• 
Law No. 118/2022, art. 9 (called Legge annuale per il mercato e la concorrenza 2021), confers 
supervisory and control powers to the ART, regarding tender procedures for regional and local LPT 
services. 
The ART’s regulatory framework 
On 5 November 2014, the ART began to introduce regulatory measures for the fair and non-discriminatory 
access to rail infrastructure by its decision no. 70/2014 and started the process for the establishment of 
criteria for determining charges for the use of railway infrastructure, ensuring cost-effectiveness and 
efficient management. 
With respect to adoption of measures for the fair and non-discriminatory access to rail infrastructure for the 
year 2015, the new authority considers that, in defining the level of toll, the Infrastructure Manager should 
be oriented to principles of more transparency and economic efficiency, and in particular: 
(e) 
in line with Legislative Decree No. 112/2015), the financial statements of the Infrastructure Manager 
must have a balance between the total revenues and the costs related to the management of the 
infrastructure; 
(f) 
the eligible financial costs should be evaluated by the Infrastructure Manager having regard to any 
possible optimisation of the management of the debt, in line with the best market conditions; 
(g) 
the investments made by the Infrastructure Manager after 31 December 2013 must be adjusted 
annually, as well as the related credit lines; and 
(h) 
the incidence of the infrastructure management costs must be reformulated time to time, with 
immediate implementation, in order to burden less in the period in which the competitive scenario 
has been deploying and consolidating. 
With regard to the eligible costs criteria, the authority requests the Infrastructure Manager to consider 
eligible, for the computation of the access charge to the HS\HC network, in addition to the infrastructure 
management costs (appropriately reformulated), only the following annual financial costs, properly 
optimised in line with the best market conditions: 
(i) 
the annual financial costs related to the investments already made as of 31 December 2013 incurred 
by the Infrastructure Manager, as not covered by government grants; and 
(j) 
the annual cumulative financial costs related to the investments in progress after 31 December 2013, 
calculated as the costs actually incurred by the Infrastructure Manager net of government grants. 
On 18 November 2015, the ART released its decision no. 96/ 2015 on the criteria for determining access 
charges for the use of national rail infrastructure. The new regulatory framework concerns (i) the minimum 
access package supplied by the Infrastructure Manager (RFI) to all railway undertakings in a non-

--- Page 145 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 135 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
discriminatory manner and (ii) other rail services supplied by operators of service facilities. With regard to 
the charges for the use of rail infrastructure, the decision particularly defines: 
• 
a five year regulatory period; 
• 
perimeter of relevant costs; 
• 
market segmentation based on the main types of service; 
• 
new classification of the network; 
• 
«caps» to the segment average kilometric charge for the purpose of market sustainability and 
• 
requirements for regulatory accounting. 
On 1 July 2016, the ART released its Resolution no 75/2016 validating the 2016-2021 charging scheme for 
the Minimum Access Package supplied by the Infrastructure Manager (RFI). The charging scheme 
complies with the criteria for the determination of charges for access and use of the railway infrastructure, 
as adopted by Decision n. 96/2015 and later amendments. This tariff system was updated by subsequent 
resolutions of the ART in compliance with certain court orders. 
With Resolutions No. 114/2021 and No. 43/2022, the ART ordered the transitional application of the tariff 
levels of the infrastructure access toll (PMdA) for 2022, 2023 and 2024 and of the tariff levels for services 
other than the Minimum Access Package (extra-MMdA) applied in 2021, increased annually by the 
programmed rate of inflation. 
With respect to local and regional public transport, ART has also defined, by means of a series of 
resolutions, the regulatory framework for the preparation of the award of service contracts procedures. 
With Resolution no. 48/2017, the ART defined the methodology for determining the public service areas 
and the most efficient methods of financing. Through this methodology, the ART has provided local 
authorities with the criteria for identifying the optimal lots for the award of local and regional public 
transport services. 
With Resolution no. 16/2018, the ART established the minimum quality conditions ("MQC") for railway 
transport services, both national and regional, characterised by public service obligations ("PSO"). The 
MQC provide for obligations and minimum performances to be provided to passengers to satisfy mobility 
needs, ensuring the efficient use of public resources allocated to PSO compensation. 
The MQC are composed of a series of quality parameters to be included in the service contracts, with a 
system for monitoring and verifying the quality of services (availability of transport services and adequacy 
to the demand, regularity and punctuality of the service, information to users, transparency, commercial 
accessibility, cleanliness and comfort and accessibility, with particular reference to people with reduced 
mobility; safety of the ride and of the traveller). 
With Resolution no.106/2018, the ART has established the minimum content of specific rights that users 
of rail transport services with public service obligations may require from managers of railway services and 
infrastructure, thus implementing the regulation on passenger rights. 
In particular, the ART specified the procedures for the exercise of railway transport passengers' rights under 
EC Regulation no. 1371/2007 with regard to: the right to information and related procedures of provision, 
the right to accessibility and usability of services and stations, the right to compensation for delays, 
procedures for requesting and providing reimbursement and compensation. 
With Resolution no. 120/2018, the ART has established methodologies and criteria for improving the 
efficiency of the management of regional public railway transport services. On the basis of such regulatory 
measures, the ART provides local authorities with parameters for improving the efficiency of new service 
contracts relating to regional railway passenger transport. 
The regulation proposed by ART provides that the economic-financial plan of each service contract must 
be drawn up on the basis of the so-called "efficient operating cost". 
With Resolution no. 154/2019, the ART defined new measures for the drafting of tenders and agreements 
for the awarding of local public transport services by road and rail, repealing the previous resolution no.

--- Page 146 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 136 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
49/2015. In particular, the following were introduced: disclosure obligations; regulation on the making 
available of databases and capital goods acquired through public resources; regulatory accounting and 
accounting separation obligations for the road sector and specific efficiency / effectiveness objectives, 
similarly to what is already envisaged for the railway sector; fares update. It is also envisaged that the public 
authorities adopt a risk matrix and a simulated Economic-Financial Plan (PEF), identifying specific 
objectives of effectiveness and efficiency. For the purposes of preparing the simulated PEF, the awarding 
company is expected to receive a reasonable profit margin corresponding to the rate of return on net invested 
capital (CIN) defined by the ART and periodically updated. 
With Resolution no. 156/2020, the ART approved the methodology to verify whether the economic 
equilibrium of a public railway service contract is compromised by the activation of a new passenger 
railway service on the market. If, on the basis of the criteria and procedures defined in resolution 156, the 
economic equilibrium of a service contract is threaten, the ART will refuse access to the company offering 
the new service or will allow it, indicating specific changes to the service itself. 
Relationship with the Italian State 
The Italian State is the 100% shareholder of FS via the MEF. The State also acts as a client to FS via the 
MIMS and Regions. 
As sole shareholder, the Italian State: 
(iii) 
appoints the Board of Directors; 
(iv) 
oversees FS' strategy via its board representation; and 
(v) 
services a part of FS debt (related to RFI) directly through guaranteed State transfers as detailed in 
the debt structure section below. 
As a client, the State (i) executes PSCs which set out scheduling, quality level and pricing of the services 
and fees to be paid to Trenitalia, and (ii) executes the Contratti di Programma with both RFI and Anas 
which sets out the funds for infrastructure investment and maintenance. 
FS' legal status was formally changed on 12 August 1992 from that of a government body to a public limited 
joint stock company. However, in accordance with public law obligations and being an entity which, 
although formally a corporation under private law, is owned by the State and/or is benefiting from public 
money, the Corte dei Conti (Italy's Court of Auditors) controls FS. A Magistrato Delegato, appointed by 
the Court of Auditors, attends the meetings of FS' corporate bodies. FS is also required to abide by public 
procurement laws; indeed FS and other companies belonging to it are to be considered public undertakings 
under Article 2(b) of Directive 2014/25/UE (coordinating the procurement procedures of entities operating 
in the water, energy, transport and postal services sectors). The EU legislative provision applicable to FS 
was transposed into Legislative Decree No. 50/2016 (Nuovo codice dei contratti pubblici di lavori, servizi 
e forniture). 
According to its Articles of Association and pursuant to Article 2364 of the Italian Civil Code, the General 
Assembly (Assemblea) of FS, composed by the sole shareholder, MEF, resolves, in particular, on: (i) the 
appointment and revocation of members of the Board of Directors (Consiglio di Amministrazione) and the 
Board of Statutory Auditors (Collegio Sindacale) as well as their remuneration; (ii) the responsibility of the 
Board of Directors members and the Statutory Auditors; and (iii) the approval of the annual financial 
statements. 
Debt Structure  
FS's gross financial debt ("Total Debt") amounts to Euro 11,674 million at YE 2021 vs. Euro 11,565 million 
at YE 2020. 
FS, RFI, Trenitalia and Anas hold the majority of the Group’s debt (97.8 per cent. of Total Debt at 31st 
December 2021). RFI's borrowings are solely used to fund infrastructure investments and Trenitalia 
borrowings are entirely linked to the purchase/revamping of rolling stock, as described in further detail in 
the "Use of Proceeds" section. 
The Group has a balanced debt maturity profile extending out over the coming 19 years.

--- Page 147 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 137 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021, an amount of Euro 1.98 billion of private placement bonds is fully underwritten 
by Eurofima, a European infrastructure supranational entity rated Aa2 by Moody's, AA by Standard & 
Poor's and AA by Fitch. 
FS has significantly increased the use of senior unsecured bonds for its funding needs since the 
establishment of this EMTN Programme, which as of 31 December 2021 account for 56% of FS Group’s 
long term financial sources. Supranational entities such as EIB, Cdp, Eurofima, still act as important 
Group's lenders (also taking into account the amounts underwritten by EIB and CDP on the EMTN bonds), 
whereas bank lending accounts for 15%. These percentages are calculated on the long term debt held by 
FS, RFI and Trenitalia which amounts to around Euro 9.87 billion. 
The pie-chart below shows the breakdown of financial sources in 2012, 2013, 2018 and 2021 (source: 
graphs figures from FS Group annual reports). 
 
The split of debt by the Group's main companies at 31 December 2021 can be summarised as follows: 
 
Total Debt 
 
External Debt 
 
Parent company 
debt 
 
(in millions of Euro) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FS 
9,642  
  
9,642  
  
N/A  
RFI 
2,702  
  
820  
  
1,882  
Trenitalia 
7,635  
  
203  
  
7,432  
Anas 
753  
  
753  
  
  
Other Group companies  
1,754  
  
256  
  
1,498  
 
  
  
  
  
  
Total Long Term Debt and Short Term 
Financing  
N/A  
  
11,674  
  
10,812  
Non-current loans and borrowings 
 
 
8,901 
 
 
Current loans and borrowings 
 
 
2,774

--- Page 148 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 138 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Given improvement in profitability and conservative debt management, Net Financial Debt / EBITDA has 
raised to around to 5x only due to COVID impact on EBITDA. In the previous years the ratio was stable 
around to 3x. 
Historically low borrowing costs and effective management of financial costs, including interest rate risk 
management policies, resulted in EBITDA interest cover improved substantially in the last years and still 
over 10x in 2021 despite the crisis context.  
FS Italiane maintains a strong equity cushion and capital base which offsets its debt leverage (source: 
graphs figures from FS Group annual reports): 
 
 
Deed of Concession 
FS' infrastructure, both railway and road, as well as national rail passenger activities are subject to public 
service obligations and are agreed by contract with the State through the RFI Deed of Concession and Anas 
Deed of Concession. 
RFI acts as the national railway infrastructure manager, as set forth in the RFI Deed of Concession with the 
MIMS, under which RFI's role consists of developing, strengthening and maintaining the Italian rail 
network and controlling traffic and handling relations with train operators over safety standards and access 
to the tracks. The relationship between RFI and the State is governed by the Contratti di Programma. 
Anas acts as the national road infrastructure manager, as set forth in the Anas Deed of Concession with the 
MIMS, under which Anas's role consists of managing, developing, strengthening and maintaining the 
Italian road and motorway network, controlling the management of motorway granted to third

--- Page 149 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 139 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
concessionaires, supervising construction works on third concessions. The relationship between Anas and 
the State is governed by the Contratto di Programma. 
Public Service Contracts 
The relationship between Trenitalia and the Italian central/local administrations are regulated by different 
PSCs in which the required level of services is specified in terms of quantity and quality, tariff obligations, 
and fees. The State and the Regions define the perimeter of the services to be provided on the basis of 
mobility and accessibility needs. Such contracts are subject to specific regulation that defines eligible costs 
in terms of company operational expenses, depreciations and adequate capital investments returns. As the 
State and Regions define quantity and quality of rail services included in the contracts, it is left to their 
discretion to decide to reduce or increase the rail services according to the terms and conditions defined in 
the contract. PSCs contain appropriate tools and clauses to guarantee payments to railway undertakings by 
Regions within the stated terms. Rail fares are adjusted annually for (1) inflation; (2) any variations on 
contractual quality/performance objectives (e.g. punctuality, cancellations, cleaning); (3) change in access 
infrastructure charges; and (4) changes in regional fare policy. 
Trenitalia primarily self-finances its own rolling stock. A put clause in favour of Trenitalia provides that 
the rolling stock accounted for by Trenitalia during the life of the contract according to the contractual 
terms have to be purchased by the Region should the services be assigned to another company. On the other 
hand, a call clause in favour of Regions provides that the rolling stock accounted for by Trenitalia during 
the life of the contract according to the contractual terms have to be sold by Trenitalia should the services 
be assigned to another company. 
According to EC Regulation n. 2016/2338, competitive tendering is the main rule for awarding public 
service contracts, but member states' competent authorities (Regions and Central Government) are allowed 
to opt for direct awarding of PSCs. Since 1997 only a few Regions have launched tenders for local rail 
transport (Emilia Romagna, Valle d’Aosta, Piemonte). To date, all the PSCs have been awarded to 
Trenitalia (on its own or as a consortium leader). From 2023, national and local authorities will still be able 
to directly award service contracts under certain conditions. 
National Public Service Contracts 
The MIMS produces an investigation on medium/long distance passenger transport market conditions in 
order to ensure the equilibrium between costs and revenues of the rail service is maintained. The 
Interministerial Committee for Economic Planning ("CIPE") identifies the rail passenger services 
perimeter to be included in the National PSC. The MIT and MEF, within the limits of available financial 
resources, negotiate with the railway undertaking with respect to the annual services timetable, with the 
aim of guaranteeing the achievement of an economic equilibrium during the validity period of the contract. 
This analysis is based on a multi-year business plan ("PEF") that defines a specific regulatory accounting 
for eligible costs covered by State compensation, which includes the cost of capital. 
The contract concerns medium/long distance public transport services, and it is regulated by Law 166/2002 
in accordance with the EU legal framework. Since 1st January 2017 the new 2017-2026 National PSC for 
passenger services, signed between the competent authorities (MIT and MEF) and Trenitalia, is in force. 
Regional Public Service Contracts 
Regions are responsible for Regional PSCs in which scheduling, pricing and planning of the services are 
set. Regions, within the limits of available financial resources, negotiate with Trenitalia with respect to the 
annual services timetable, with the aim of guaranteeing the achievement of an economic equilibrium during 
the validity period of the contract. This analysis is based on a multi-year business plan ("PEF") that defines 
a specific regulatory accounting for eligible costs covered by compensation, which includes the cost of 
capital. 
Trenitalia renewed almost all of the contracts for 9 years and is negotiating with most of the Regions to 
replace them with new contracts of 15 years (from 2020 for 10 years due to Reg. 2016/2338), nine of them 
already signed. Reviews of tariffs and fee structure within a PSC normally occur after the contract expires, 
but every year it is provided a comparison between PEF prevision and economic final balance (CER); in 
same case it would be necessary to review PEF.

--- Page 150 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 140 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
PSCs current status may be summarised as follows:  
Emilia Romagna 
Signed with Trenitalia for the period 2016-2018. For the period 2019-2041 
the PSC has been assigned to TrenitaliaTper (Trenitalia and Trasporto 
Passeggeri Emilia Romagna S.p.A) after a tender process. 
Lazio 
Signed for the period 2018 – 2032 
Veneto 
Signed for the period 2018 – 2032 
Liguria 
Signed for the period 2018 – 2032 
Umbria 
Signed for the period 2018 – 2032 
Puglia 
Signed for the period 2018 – 2032 
Sardinia 
Signed for the period 2017-2025 
Sicily 
Signed for the period 2017-2026 
Trento 
Signed for the period 2016-2024 
Bolzano 
Signed for the period 2016-2024 
Tuscany 
Signed for the period December 2019 – November 2034 
Abruzzo 
Signed for the period 2015-2023 
Marche 
Signed for the period 2019 – 2033 
Campania 
Signed for the period 2019 – 2033 
Molise 
Signed for the period 2015-2023 
Basilicata 
Signed for the period 2015-2023 
The regional service under PSC is expected to be directly assigned to 
Trenitalia for a 10 period (2022-2031). 
Calabria 
Signed for the period 2018 - 2032 
Friuli Venezia Giulia 
Signed for the period 2018-2019 extended up to December 2021 
The regional service under PSC is expected to be directly assigned to 
Trenitalia for a 10 period (2022-2031). 
Valle d'Aosta 
Signed for the period December 2020 - December 2025(+5 years) after a 
tender process. 
Piedmont 
Signed for the period 2021-2035 for the metropolitan area of Turin after a 
tender process.  
The rest of the regional service under PSC is expected to be directly assigned 
to Trenitalia for a 10 period, in the meanwhile extended up to December 2021. 
Lombardy 
Signed for the period 2015-2020 (operated by Trenord) extended up to 
December 2021

--- Page 151 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 141 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
The regional service under PSC is expected to be directly assigned to Trenord 
for a 10 period (2022-2031). 
 
Judicial Investigations and Proceedings (Arbitration, Antitrust Proceedings and Proceedings before 
the Public Contracts Supervisory Authority; Administrative Litigation) 
In relation to the most significant judicial investigations and proceedings initiated by some public 
prosecutors' offices against former representatives of the Group companies, to date no events have been 
reported which the Issuer believes could lead to either Group companies themselves or the Group being 
exposed to material liabilities or losses, nor is the Group aware, at present, of events that could considerably 
affect their economic, financial and equity position. Furthermore, in cases where circumstances existed, the 
Issuer appeared as an aggrieved party to recover damages. 
In 2021, following the proceedings initiated by the public prosecutors against former or current Group 
company representatives, there were no definitive rulings against senior management (company officers or 
general managers) for any of the following: 
• 
particularly serious negligent criminal acts entailing significant damage to the concerned Group 
company or that gave rise to the application of restrictive measures; 
• 
negligent criminal acts covered by Legislative Decree No. 231/2001; and 
• 
additional negligent criminal acts covered by Law no. 190/2012. 
To meet disclosure requirements, the paragraph below includes information on criminal proceedings and 
contingent assets and liabilities arising from the most significant civil, administrative and arbitration 
proceedings and proceedings before the Italian and EU authorities. 
Litigation pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 
• 
Hearings are underway in criminal proceedings no. 2554/2013 in the general register of crimes at 
the Foggia Court against RFI pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/01 concerning the fatal 
workplace accident on 5 March 2010 at Cerignola, in which an employee of Fersalento S.r.l. died. 
• 
With respect to criminal proceeding no. 6305/2009 RGNR relating to the railway accident that 
occurred in Viareggio on 29 June 2009, it should be noted that on 20 September 2022, the grounds 
for the ruling issued by the Court of Appeal of Florence, as the judge of referral, at the hearing of 
30 June 2009, were filed. It should be recalled that the new appellate judgment resulted from the 
referral ordered by the Court of Cassation in its decision of 8 January 2021, filed the following 6 
September 2021. As far as the FS Group is concerned, the Court of Appeal: (i) acquitted “for not 
having committed the act” the pro tempore Director of Trenitalia's Cargo branch (convicted instead 
in his capacity as former CEO of Cargo Chemical) and two other executives, one in RFI and the 
other, at the time of the facts, in Trenitalia; (ii) redetermined, reducing them, the previous 
convictions in the following terms: for the former CEO of FS, who was also charged as former CEO 
of RFI, to 5 years' imprisonment; for the former CEO of RFI, to 4 years, 2 months and 20 days' 
imprisonment; for the former CEO of Trenitalia, to 4 years, 2 months and 20 days' imprisonment; 
for the former CEO of Cargo Chemical, then Head of the Chemical Industry and Environment 
Business Unit of FS Logistica, to 4 years' of imprisonment. The Board also upheld, with reduction, 
the convictions of 9 defendants from outside the Group as well as the acquittal of a foreign defendant. 
The sentences ordered by previous judges in favor of two civil parties were also annulled. Against 
the judgment of the Court of Appeal, the defenses related to the FS Group - on behalf of the 
individuals still involved and the Companies liable under civil law - have filed appeals to the Court 
of Cassation. The setting of the new judgment in the Supreme Court is therefore pending. 
• 
In relation to criminal proceeding No. 1430/2014 RGNR - instituted by the Public Prosecutor's 
Office (Procura della Repubblica) of the Court of Gela following the fatal investment of three RFI 
maintenance agents by regional train 12852 coming from Gela and heading to Caltanissetta that 
occurred on 17 July 2014 near km 217+728 between the Falconara and Butera stations - the Judge,

--- Page 152 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 142 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
at the hearing on 7 October 2021, pronounced the judgment, the motivation for which was filed on 
26 October 2021. Six of the eight persons charged, including a pro tempore CEO of RFI, were 
acquitted for not having committed the deed. RFI charged under Legislative Decree 231/2001 was 
also acquitted with the formula "the fact does not exist". In particular, the Judge considered the lack 
of specific elements that would allow charging RFI with the contested administrative offence, 
considering: (i) the lack of economic advantage procured to RFI by the conduct carried out by the 
top persons; (ii) the absence of organizational fault; (iii) the suitability of the Organizational Model 
in compliance with the British Standard OHSAS 18001:2007, constituting an exempting effect for 
the Entity's liability. On the other hand, the Head of Section and the Central Operations Manager 
were sentenced to two years' imprisonment (suspended), because due to profiles of both general and 
specific negligence they did not work to ensure that work on the track was carried out under a traffic 
stop regime. Finally, the Court declared the inadmissibility of the constitution of the only civil 
plaintiff present in the case (Associazione Nazionale fra Lavoratori Mutilati e Invalidi sul Lavoro – 
ANMIL) with the consequence that no civil statutes were ordered against RFI in its capacity as civil 
liability. The Court of Gela ruling was appealed by the two convicted employees and the Public 
Prosecutor, whose appeal also concerns the position of the former CEO of RFI and the company 
itself blamed under Legislative Decree 231/2001; the Appeal Judgement is currently pending before 
the Court of Appeal of Caltanissetta. 
• 
Criminal proceeding No. 3566/2015 RGNR Court of Rimini, involving Trenitalia, was instituted 
following an accident on 5 March 2015 to an employee of the company A.T.S. Costruzioni who 
worked at the OMC Locomotive in Rimini. The manager at the time in charge of the Rimini OMC, 
together with the employer and the supervisor of A.T.S., was charged in the trial for the crime 
provided for in Article 590 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Italian Criminal Code. The manager had also 
been charged with the violation of Article 26 paragraph 2 of Legislative Decree No. 81/2008 for 
failing to draw up a D.U.V.R.I. providing for adequate prevention and protection measures. 
Trenitalia had been charged with the administrative offence under Article 25 septies paragraph 3 of 
Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, as the crime of culpable injury was allegedly committed in 
violation of occupational health and safety regulations. On 27 September 2021, the trial was 
favorably concluded both for the Trenitalia executive, who was acquitted for not having committed 
the act, and for Trenitalia, whose liability under Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 was excluded. No 
appeals appear to have been filed for the positions of the executive of Trenitalia and Trenitalia itself. 
• 
Criminal proceedings No. 20765/2014 in the general register of crimes are pending before the 
Florence Court in reference to the fatal accident that occurred to an employee of the Trenitalia 
regional administration for Tuscany on 12 January 2014 during rolling stock shunting operations. 
One employee working as a signalman at the watchtower at the entrance to where train carriages are 
kept lost his life in the accident. The preliminary hearing is being held against two managers and 
two employees of Trenitalia (charged with negligent manslaughter for violations of anti-accident 
legislation, and Trenitalia is also charged with administrative liability following a crime covered by 
article 25-septies of Legislative Decree No. 231/2001. The case was settled with the sentence issued 
on 1 March 2021 and filed on 28 May 2021, with which, at the request of the parties, all the 
defendants were acquitted with the formula "the fact does not exist", and consequently the company 
was cleared of the alleged offence. No appeals appear to have been filed. 
• 
Criminal proceedings No. 1525/08 in the general register of crimes (the "Truck Center" case) relate 
to multiple negligent manslaughter for an accident occurred on 3 March 2008 to five workers of the 
subcontractor company Truck Center, in which the defendants, being, among others, the former 
CEO and a former official of FS Logistica – BU Cargo Chemical S.p.A. (commissioning company) 
as of the date hereof Mercitalia Logistic S.p.A. (previously known as FS Logistica S.p.A.) and the 
company itself, have been charged with both third party liability and administrative liability 
following a crime covered by article 25-septies of Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 Reversing the 
first-level ruling, with the ruling dated 19 July 2017, the Bari Court of Appeal has acquitted the 
representative of the then FS Logistica, which became Mercitalia Logistics S.p.A., and the company 
itself. As a result of this ruling, the €1.4 million administrative sanction issued by the first instance 
court against Mercitalia Logistics S.p.A. has been revoked. The decision of the court of appeal has 
been challenged by the public prosecutor before the Supreme Court. At the hearing of 8 February 
2019, the Supreme Court nullified the acquittal, referring the case to a different section of the Court 
of Appeal of Bari. The grounds of the judgement were published on 25 March 2019. In the new

--- Page 153 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 143 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
appeal proceedings, the executives referring to FS Logistica S.p.A. requested the application of the 
penalty on request. Having assessed, on the advice of the external defence counsel and considering 
the procedural context, also with the view of benefiting from a reduction of the sanction, Mercitalia 
Logistics also decided to seek a plea bargaining agreement, such decision having been submitted to 
the company's board of directors and approved by it. The proposal of reduction of the administrative 
penalty from Euro 1.4 million to Euro 900,000 was accepted by the public prosecutor. At the hearing 
of 21 December 2020, the Court of Appeal of Bari read out the ruling whereby, with regard to the 
positions connected to Mercitalia Logistics, upon acceptance of the plea bargaining, the Court (i) 
convicted the pro-tempore CEO and the manager of the former FS Logistica - BU Cargo Chemical 
S.p.A. who have been sentenced to imprisonment for, respectively, one year and six months' and 
two years', granting the general extenuating circumstances and the benefit of the conditional 
suspension of the sentence and revoking the accessory penalty of temporary disqualification from 
public office for five years; (ii) reduced the administrative fine for administrative offence pursuant 
to art. 25-septies of Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 imposed on Mercitalia Logistics to Euro 
900,000, also revoking the civil penalties adopted against it as civilly liable. The Court also accepted 
the other plea bargains agreement put forward by positions outside the FS Group and confirmed the 
sentences handed down in first instance against the contractor and the liquid sulphur purchasing 
company, pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001. On 10 March 2021, the grounds for the 
judgment, confirming the above have been filed. 
• 
In the criminal proceedings no. 6769/2015 in the general register of crimes with the public 
prosecutors' office pending before the Perugia Court, on 11 June 2018, the judge of preliminary 
hearing issued the notice sending all the defendants, including Busitalia, to trial. The judge of the 
preliminary hearing also requalified the alleged crime pursuant to article 640 bis of the criminal code 
retaining the fact less serious than aggravated fraud against the State (pursuant to article 640, 
paragraph 2, no. 1 of the criminal code) which was originally alleged. The first-degree hearing before 
the Court of Perugia is currently pending. 
• 
Criminal proceedings no. 18773/2009 initiated by the Public Prosecutor's Office at the Court of Bari 
involves FSE as defendant pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 in connection with the 
crime of aggravated fraud for obtaining public funds – originally charged with the aggravating 
circumstance of transnationality, later excluded by the judge – also charged to the former Sole 
Director of the company. The facts pertain to the purchase in Poland of railway carriages at a price 
higher than the market price. At the end of the hearing on 22 November 2022, the Court of Bari, 
having completed the discussion of the parties, pronounced a judgment of acquittal pursuant to 
Article 530 of the Italian Criminal Procedure Code because “the fact does not exist” against the 
defendants, including also the former Sole Director of FSE, and also declared the inexistency of 
FSE’s responsibility with regard to the administrative offense charged. The ruling was not appealed 
and therefore became definitive. 
• 
With reference to criminal proceeding no. 3651/2018 RGNR registered at the Public Prosecutor's 
Office (Procura della Repubblica) of Milan following the railway accident that occurred on 25 
January 2018, in Località Seggiano di Pioltello - which involved regional train no. 10452 of the 
railway company Trenord S.r.l. (in commercial service on the section between Cremona and Milan 
Porta Garibaldi Station) causing the death of three passengers and the injury of others - were initially 
entered in the register of suspects executives and employees of RFI and the company itself for 
administrative liability under Legislative Decree 231/01. It was also disclosed in the notice of 
conclusion of preliminary investigations that the pro tempore director of ANSF (now ANSFISA) 
and one of its officials had been entered as suspects. In compliance with the request of the Public 
Prosecutor's Office, the positions attributable to Trenord S.r.l. and ANSF were then dismissed. The 
preliminary hearing, held before the GUP of the Court of Milan, ended on 21 June 2021 with the 
indictment of all the defendants, including the company, for all the crimes charged (negligent 
railway disaster, negligent homicide, negligent injury, wilful omission of precautions against 
accidents at work). First-degree trial is currently pending before the Court of Milan. RFI is 
constituted as civilly liable and some 60 individuals and the FILT CGIL association have been 
admitted as civil parties. One of the defendants, the construction site specialist, has defined his 
position with an agreed sentence of four years' imprisonment.

--- Page 154 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 144 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
• 
Criminal proceedings No. 6224/2016 RGNR, which is pending before the public prosecutor's office 
of Parma, concerns a tender for the provision of Local Public Transport (LPT) services by road 
(servizi di TPL su gomma) in the Parma area, in connection with which the Chief Executive Officer 
pro tempore and a manager of Busitalia and other parties external to the FS Group are being charged, 
inter alia, with the crimes of disrupting the freedom of public tenders and bribery between private 
parties. On 28 August 2019, Busitalia was served notice of the conclusions of the preliminary 
investigations pursuant to article 415 bis of the Italian criminal code, in which Busitalia was formally 
charged pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 with the administrative offence (article 25 ter, 
paragraph 1, letter S bis) connected with the crime of bribery between private individuals. On 22 
December 2020, the judge for preliminary hearing of the Court of Parma issued the decree ordering 
the trial against the company in relation to the abovementioned administrative offence and in its 
capacity as civilly liable in relation to the conduct ascribed to the Managing Director and to the Head 
of the Strategic Planning and Market Development Structure of the company. Busitalia was notified 
of this decree on 17 February 2021. Judgment in the first instance is now pending before the Court 
of Parma. 
• 
Criminal proceedings No. 3518/2009 RGNR was initiated by the public prosecutor's office of the 
Court of Salerno following the fatal accident occurred on 18 March 2009 in which an employee of 
Contursi Scarl, a consortium company set up by the subcontractor ATI Tirrena Scavi S.p.a. - Società 
Internazionale Galleria S.r.l. (awarded to Pizzarotti & C. S.p.A.), died during the construction of the 
S. Angelo Tunnel along the Salerno/Reggio Calabria. The alleged crime is manslaughter, article 589 
of the criminal code. In total, 8 natural persons are charged: 4, as representatives of the consortium 
company and of the successful bidder, and the same number as for employees of Anas, charged in 
turn pursuant to articles 5 and 25-septies of Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 and subsequent 
amendments and integrations. The public prosecutor's office also included Anas among the 
companies accused on the grounds that its employees were accused of violating the obligations of 
safety and supervision over persons delegated for ensuring worksite safety. According to the 
prosecution reconstruction, in fact, these omissions would have contributed to determine the event. 
As at the date hereof, the first-instance proceeding is on-ongoing.  
• 
The criminal proceeding no. 3556/2019 RGNR has been registered by the Public Prosecutor's Office 
at the Court of Brindisi, in relation to the death accident occurred between 9 and 10 July 2019 in 
Brindisi, during the performance of some work by the subcontractor HI. TEC Italia S.r.l., employer 
of the victim of such accident, as part of a contract awarded to RFI. HI.TEC Italia S.r.l. and Italferr 
(which carried out, on behalf of RFI, among the others, the services of works management, works 
supervisor and safety coordinator during the execution phase) were charged with the administrative 
offence pursuant to article 25-septies paragraph 2 of Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, while 8 
individuals, including 4 exponents of Italferr were charged with the crime of manslaughter. With an 
order filed with the clerk's office on 20 October 2022, the judge for preliminary investigations 
ordered the dismissal of the proceedings for Italferr's top individuals and for the company itself in 
relation to the liability pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001.  
• 
With reference to criminal proceeding no. 524/2020 RGNR pending at the Public Prosecutor's Office 
of Lodi, originally concerning hypothesis of administrative responsibility pursuant to Legislative 
Decree 231/2001 against RFI in relation to the derailment of HS train 9595 that occurred in Livraga 
on 6 February 2020, as a result of which the two train drivers lost their lives, it is represented that, 
following the request for indictment, issued on 31 March 2022 by the Public Prosecutor's Office of 
Lodi, the preliminary hearing  against the CEO pro tempore and four managers/employees of RFI 
and the CEO pro tempore and eight managers/employees of Alstom is currently pending before the 
judge for preliminary hearing of the Court of Lodi. The crimes of culpable railway disaster and 
culpable homicide are charged, with no longer the aggravating circumstance of violation of the rules 
for the prevention of accidents at work, alleged in the notice of conclusion of preliminary 
investigations. Subsequently, on 3 June 2022, the judge for preliminary investigations of the Court 
of Lodi, agreeing with the arguments put forward by the Public Prosecutor regarding the lack of 
grounds for criminal prosecution, ordered the dismissal of the companies RFI and Alstom, which 
had previously been affected by liability under Legislative Decree 231/2001, as well as some 
managers and employees initially under investigation (in the RFI sphere, these were the pro tempore 
manager of the Bologna DTP, the manager of the Emilia UT and three workers).

--- Page 155 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 145 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Other significant criminal court proceedings 
• 
Criminal proceedings no. 503034/2012 in the general register of crimes previously with the public 
prosecutors' office at the Rossano Court and subsequently transferred to the Castrovillari public 
prosecutors' office relate to a fatal accident in which a train hit a car with six people inside it at the 
private railroad crossing on the Rossano C. - Mirto Crosia section. The public prosecutor has request 
to send to trial RFI managers and employees (some of whom are pensioners) and non-FS Group 
parties charged with unintentional manslaughter and unintentional railway disaster. Since FS was 
wrongly summoned as civil liable party at the preliminary hearing stage of the proceeding, RFI 
joined the proceeding as civil liable party in place of FS. At the same hearing, five civil parties, 
related to some of the victims, appeared. At the hearing of May 21, 2021, the Preliminary Hearing 
Judge declared the statute of limitations for manslaughter, ordered the concession holder not to 
proceed and sent all the other defendants (13 employees of RFI and the holder of the keys to the 
Private Level Crossing) to trial for the crime of negligent railway disaster, before the Court of 
Castrovillari. As part of the constitution of the parties at trial, the court noted the waiver of all 
constituted civil parties and declared that the summons of the civil responsible party was ineffective. 
The hearing is in progress. 
• 
Criminal proceedings no. 2615/2018 in the general register of crimes with the public prosecutors' 
office at the Ivrea Court, in which Trenitalia S.p.A. is an injured party, relate to a railway accident 
occurred on 23 May 2018 on the Chivasso/Ivrea line when regional train no. 10027 hit a lorry that 
had driven through the level crossing barriers, and got stuck on the tracks. The train driver and the 
driver of the lorry died and many other people were injured. The public prosecutor made the request 
for indictment against six defendants identified as: the legal representative of the transporting 
company and employer; the legal representative of the company holding the authorization for 
exceptional transport; the legal representative of the company in charge of the technical transport 
and employer; the head of the technical transport company; and two drivers. They are being 
prosecuted for culpable rail disaster, road homicide, serious or very serious road injury and culpable 
injury, as well as (against the two employers) for violation of occupational health and safety 
regulations under Legislative Decree No. 81/2008 in relation to failure to prepare a risk assessment 
document and for failing to ensure that workers were properly informed about the specific risks 
involved in the activity. The preliminary hearing is under way. 
• 
Criminal proceedings no. 6662/2017 RGNR and no. 23758/2019 RG pending before the Court of 
Napoli were brought following the fatal accident to an employee of Trenitalia at IMC ETR in Napoli. 
Certain managers and employees of the company were charged with the crime of manslaughter 
committed in violation of the rules concerning the prevention of accidents at work. As at the date 
hereof, the proceedings is on-going. The preliminary hearing phase ended with the committal for 
trial of all the defendants. The trial is currently underway before the Court of Naples, sitting as a 
single judge. 
• 
Criminal proceedings no. 4153/2016 in the general register of crimes at the Bari Court were 
commenced by the public prosecutors' office against FSE’s former sole director and other persons. 
The allegations relate to several instances of document, corporate company and fraudulent 
bankruptcy which put the company in distress and resulted in the need for FSE to access the 
procedure for a composition with creditors. FSE and FS are also claimants and joined the 
proceedings. The hearing is currently on-going. In addition, FSE and FS were served notice of the 
preliminary hearing to be set for 8.11.2022 before the judge for preliminary hearing of the Court of 
Bari for criminal proceeding no. 6463/2018 RGGIP against two additional defendants, accused of 
conspiring with dissipatory conduct to the disruption of FSE together with the other co-conspirators, 
whose positions had been separated from the main proceeding due to the nullity of the indictment 
request. The preliminary hearing was concluded on 21 November 2022. The judge, after admitting 
FS and FSE as plaintiffs, following the parties' discussions, ordered the defendants to be remanded 
for trial at a hearing on 13 December 2022 before the Second Criminal Section of the Court of Bari; 
on such date the first-instance trial commenced.  
• 
Criminal proceedings No 4877/18 R.G.N.R., pending before the Bari public prosecutor's office and 
originating from an FSE complaint, are part of the main criminal proceedings for bankruptcy No 
4153/2016 R.G.N.R. - Bari public prosecutor's office against the former Sole Administrator of the

--- Page 156 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 146 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
FSE and other parties, currently in the trial phase. The public prosecutor's office, within the 
framework of procedure no. 4877/18 R.G.N.R., issued the notice of conclusion of the preliminary 
investigation, acquired in October 2019 from the defender appointed by FSE. The former Sole 
Director of FSE and other officials of the bank are currently registered in the register of suspects for 
the crimes of "preferential fraudulent bankruptcy in favour of the creditor BNL" and "improper 
fraudulent bankruptcy due to the effects of malicious transactions". FSE and FS have joined as civil 
parties in these proceedings. During the preliminary hearing, an official of BNL requested the 
definition of the proceeding in the forms of the abbreviated procedure, the trial of which is currently 
in progress. With regard to the remaining defendants, the judge, at the outcome of the preliminary 
hearing on 21 June 2022, ordered their indictment before the Court of Bari in collegial composition. 
The trial phase is currently pending. 
• 
Criminal proceedings no. 8790/2016 in the general register of crimes with the public prosecutor's 
office at the Court of Lecce are pending at the preliminary hearing phase before the judge of the 
preliminary hearings of the Court of Lecce, with charges of unintentional road homicide, pursuant 
to article 589-bis of the criminal code, and unintentional road personal injuries, pursuant to article 
590-bis of the criminal code, lodged against an employee of FSE for the accident occurred on 1 
August 2016 while he was driving the company bus. In connection with such accident in which one 
man died and a second person was injured, FS has been sued for third party liability along with the 
insurance company. On 5 June 2019 the judge acquitted the defendant and consequently excluded 
all liabilities of FSE because the fact does not constitute a crime. The defence of the plaintiff has 
filed an appeal and the next hearing has been scheduled for 7 March 2022.  
• 
Criminal proceedings no. 6310/2017 in the general register of crimes with public prosecutor's office 
at the Court of Lecce are pending at the preliminary investigations phase relate to an accident 
occurred on 13 June 2017 between two trains of FSE at the exit of Galugnano, within the 
Municipality of San Donato di Lecce, on the stretch of line between the main city of the Salento area 
and Otranto. The notice of conclusion of preliminary investigations was served to two FSE managers 
on 11 December 2018. According to the notice, two managers and two company employees are 
accused of negligence causing a train crash, causing damage to people (approximately 20 injured 
people, including passengers and FSE personnel) and property (collided trains). Following the 
request for indictment submitted by the public prosecutors' office of Lecce, a preliminary hearing 
was scheduled, at which a plea bargaining request and a request for an abbreviated trial were made. 
Finally, the judge of the preliminary hearing indicted two executives of FSE for trial before the 
Collegial Court of Lecce, against whom, at the hearing of 14 June 2021, at the end of the first degree 
judgement, the Court issued a sentence of acquittal for not having committed the deed.  
• 
Criminal proceedings no. 5926/2015 RGNR DDA was initiated by the public prosecutor's office of 
Reggio Calabria in relation to two tenders, the first awarded to Anas for "extraordinary maintenance 
work on Via Casa Savoia di Gallico overpass (lavori di manutenzione straordinaria del sovrappasso 
di Via Casa Savoia di Gallico) (formerly S.S. no. 184 Gamberie) at km 438+000 of the ASR", and 
the second awarded to RFI for "construction work on the Pentimele stop of the surface metro" (i 
lavori di realizzazione della fermata di Pentimele della Metropolitana di superficie). Some of the 
companies which carried out the works (external to the FS Group) and also six employees of Anas 
were involved, and are being charged with offences of criminal association, including mafia-type 
criminal association (articles 416 and 416-bis of the Italian criminal code), improper bribery, judicial 
corruption (articles 319 and 319-quater of the Italian criminal code), abuse of office and fraud 
(articles 323 and 640 of the Italian criminal code). On 12 March 2020 the preliminary hearing phase 
started, during which Anas, identified as the injured party, joined as a plaintiff and 5 individuals, out 
of 20 defendants, requested an abbreviated trial procedure. The phase before the Judge for the 
preliminary hearing was concluded at the hearing of 22 January 2021, with the committal for trial 
of 15 defendants for whom the first degree hearing is now pending. The abbreviated procedure was 
also concluded on the same date of the hearing with the issue of 2 sentences of conviction, against 
persons outside Anas, and 4 acquittals, including one in favour of an Anas employee, depending on 
the various charges brought against the 5 defendants who had requested the alternative procedure. 
Civil and administrative proceedings

--- Page 157 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 147 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
• 
K2 discount pursuant to Ministerial Decree No. 44T/2000. With respect to what indicated in the 
annual report for the year ending on 31 December 2017, to which reference should be made for 
additional details, the civil action commenced by Trenitalia before the civil court of Rome to obtain 
that RFI pays the amounts related to the K2 discount, against the elimination of MIMS Decree No. 
92T of 11 July 2007 (Council of State’s ruling no. 1110/2013 on the basis of which the Council of 
State issued ruling no. 1345/2014), is on-going. As part of these proceedings, the judge allowed RFT 
to implead the MIMS and the MEF to guarantee and indemnify the amounts related to the K2 
discount which may be paid to Trenitalia. Both ministries have convened and the Court postponed 
the hearing to 15 January 2020 for the decision on the requests for investigation. In legal proceeding, 
RFI has - among other things - objected to the lack of active legitimacy and, in any case, the lack of 
ownership by Trenitalia of the undue credit for the portion of the K2 discount relating to services 
provided for the transport of goods, as a result of the corporate spin-off between Trenitalia and 
Mercitalia Rail S.r.l. concerning the assignment, with effect from 1 January 2017, of the "goods" 
business unit in favour of Mercitalia Rail S.r.l., Mercitalia Rail S.r.l. has decided to take legal action. 
The ruling is still pending. 
• 
Appeal against ART resolution no. 70/2014. Various FS Group companies (RFI, Grandi Stazioni 
S.p.A. and Centostazioni S.p.A.) lodged three extraordinary appeals with the President of Italy 
against ART resolution no. 70/2014 ("Regulation for fair and equal access to railway infrastructures 
and commencement of proceedings to define the criteria for the definition of the toll to use railway 
infrastructures"). Initially lodged with the Lazio regional administrative court, the appeals were then 
transferred to the Piedmont regional administrative court where RFI's and Grandi Stazioni S.p.A.'s 
cases were summarised. Trenitalia appeared in both proceedings on 5 May 2016. The appeals lodged 
by RFI S.p.A. and the former Grandi Stazioni S.p.A. were rejected by the Piedmont Regional 
Administrative Court with rulings nos. 541/2017 and 1025/2017, respectively. The companies filed 
an appeal against such rulings. As to RFI, on 7 February 2019, the Council of State upheld the appeal 
and, consequently, reversed the contested judgment and annulled the contested measures at first 
instance. For the sake of full disclosure, it should be noted that RFI did not appear in the appeal 
proceedings brought by GS Rail S.p.A. and GS Retail S.p.A.. With sentence no. 6108 published on 
9 September 2019, the Council of State upheld RFI's appeal (against sentence no. 541/2017 of the 
Piedmont Regional Administrative Court) and annulled resolution no. 70/2014 in the part relating 
to the regulatory measures that determined the HS/HC railway access fee for 2015. The Council of 
State has also recognized the need for the ART to renew the proceedings with regard to the 
regulatory period from 6 November 2014 to 31 December 2015 and to conduct a preliminary 
investigation that takes into account the principles set forth in this ruling. With ruling no. 1262 of 
12 February 2021, the Council of State, rejected the appeals for revocation against Council of State 
sentence no. 6108/2019, brought by Trenitalia by another railway company and - incidentally - by 
ART. Council of State ruling no. 6108/2019 is therefore confirmed. The ART, with Resolution no. 
39 of 25 March 2021, initiated the regulatory procedure with call for consultation for the 
redetermination of the fee for access to the High Speed/High Capacity (HS/HC) rail infrastructure 
for the period from 6 November 2014 to 31 December 2015. On 17 June 2021, Resolution no. 
88/2021 was published, with which the ART defined the criteria for quantifying the amount that 
railway undertakings (RUs) operating in the HS/HC segment are required to pay to RFI as an 
infrastructure access charge for the period of validity of ART Resolution no. 70/2014. Such 
resolution was challenged by a railway company by means of an extraordinary appeal to the Head 
of State, which was subsequently transposed to the Piedmont Regional Administrative Court 
following the oppositions notified by RFI and the ART. It should also be noted that, on 23 December 
2019, the ART had filed an appeal with the United Sections of the Court of Cassation for the 
cassation of the Council of State's ruling No. 6108/2019 on the assumption of an "encroachment" of 
the external limits of jurisdiction from the administrative court. The ART's initiative was also joined 
by Trenitalia and other railway company through cross-appeals. The ART, in Resolution No. 88/21, 
expressly stated that compliance with the Council of State's ruling No. 6108/2019 does not entail 
acquiescence and that "if the Court of Cassation were to annul the ruling, the Authority's executive 
order and the economic effects produced up to that point by the same would also lapse". Following 
the discussion hearing held on 14 December 2021, the Court of Cassation, in Order No. 5627 of 21 
February 2022, declared the ART's appeal inadmissible, as well as those brought by the railway 
companies, holding that there was no unlawful substitution of jurisdictional power in the case at 
hand. Therefore, the principle enshrined in Council of State Judgment No. 6108/2019 remains 
confirmed, as well as the economic effects resulting from the application of the principles set forth 
in ART Resolution No. 88/2021. For completeness of information, it is represented that:

--- Page 158 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 148 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
i) 
with judgment no. 5534/2019, the Council of State rejected the appeal brought by the station 
operator (formerly Grandi Stazioni S.p.A.) against judgment no. 1025/2017, thereby 
confirming - among other things - that the spaces used to welcome and assist passengers are 
also subject to the regulatory powers of the Authority; and 
ii) 
results taking the appeal promoted by a railway company for the reform of the judgment of 
the Regional Administrative Tribunal No. 1239/2017 that had rejected the appeal against the 
ART Resolution No. 70/14; as part of this judgment, a verification activity has not begun yet. 
The hearing for hearing has been set for 2 February 2023. 
• 
Appeal against ART resolutions no. 96/2015. With an extraordinary appeal before the President of 
the Republic of Italy, RFI, Trenitalia and the former Grandi Stazioni S.p.A. appealed against ART 
resolution no. 96 of 13 November 2015 containing the principles and criteria for determining the 
fees to access and use the railway infrastructure. Their appeals were transferred to the Piedmont 
regional administrative court. RFI also appeared in the proceedings pending before the Piedmont 
regional administrative court for the appeal lodged by another railway company against the same 
ART resolution no. 96/2015. The proceedings commenced by RFI ended for loss of interest by the 
infrastructure operator (Piedmont regional administrative court’s ruling no. 1287/2017). The appeals 
lodged by Trenitalia against ruling no. 1240/2017 (in which the Piedmont regional administrative 
court rejected Trenitalia’s appeal against Resolution no. 80/2016) ended with a judgment of rejection 
no. 371 of 11 January 2021, and against ruling no. 57/2018 (in which the Piedmont regional 
administrative court rejected Trenitalia’s appeal against Resolution no. 96/2015 and related 
measures) -concluded with a judgment of rejection No. 4216 of 1 July 2020. For the sake of clarity, 
it should be noted that, with sentence no. 58/2018, the Piedmont Regional Administrative Court also 
rejected the appeal lodged by the former Grandi Stazioni S.p.A. against Resolution no. 96/2015 (and 
consequential measures). 
 
On 7 January 2020, the Piedmont Regional Administrative Court, in rulings No. 19, 23, and 25, 
settled the appeals brought by international railway companies OBB, SNCF, and DB Bahn against 
ART Resolutions No. 96/2015, 72/2016, and 75/2016 (and subsequent ones). In particular, the TAR 
rejected the grounds of appeal aimed at censuring the determination of component A) of the fee 
(relating to the determination of the operator's direct costs) and the competence of the ART to 
determine component B) of the fee (relating to overcharges or mark-ups). The administrative judge, 
on the other hand, found well-founded the complaints alleging a lack of preliminary investigation in 
the ART's assessment of the choice to apply a higher fee (under component B) to international open 
access networks. In essence, it would not be clear on the basis of what investigative elements and 
justifications the ART endorsed the assumption that international open access, in general terms, 
could bear an extra fee compared to the national one.  
 
Consequently, a new regulatory proceeding was ordered to be initiated by the Authority (Resolution 
No. 28 of 30 January 2020), aimed at acquiring the necessary elements to justify the application of 
the overcharge for the international open access segment. In Resolution No. 175 of 16 December 
2021, the ART concluded the proceedings in question by sanctioning that the difference between 
the component B) of the fee envisaged by RFI for the International Open Access segment and that 
envisaged for the Domestic Open Access Basic segment was not justified. A series of prescriptions 
were adopted against RFI, including: (i) recompute the fee related to the PMdA for the period 2018-
2021, attributing to the B1 component of the same fee, applied to passenger rail transport services 
of the Open Access International market segment, the same tariff level provided for the similar 
component applied to the Basic domestic Open Access market segment; (ii) as a result of the 
aforementioned recomputation, provide for the consequent adjustments in favor of the holders of 
negotiating relationships who are recipients of the effects of the decisions of the Piedmont Regional 
Administrative Court (rulings nos. 19, 23 and 25 of 7 January 2020); (iii) with regard to the toll 
pertaining to the PMdA, establish that as of 1 January 2022 each train in the international open 
access segment circulating on sections of the network with a speed greater than 250 km/h be 
assimilated, with reference to the calculation of component B of the fee, to the premium open access 
segment, while every other train must be assimilated to the basic open access segment; (iv) with 
reference to the need, as per Art. 16 of Leg. 112/2015, to ensure the balance of the Infrastructure 
Manager's accounts, under normal business conditions and over a reasonable period not exceeding 
five years, define a specific notional item equal to the difference in revenues resulting from the

--- Page 159 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 149 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
application of the above-mentioned adjustments, as well as from the revision of the fees to be 
distributed on the B) component of the unit fee that will be applied to passenger rail transport 
services operating under the open access market regime circulating on the entire national rail 
network during the 2023-2027 regulatory period, based on the total traffic volumes expected in 
respect of such transport services for the same period. Trenitalia challenged ART Resolution No. 
175/2021 before the Piedmont Regional Administrative Court, censuring the regulatory act in the 
part in which, among other things, it limits the recognition of the adjustments (at the outcome of the 
fee recomputation procedure) to only the railway companies that are the holders of the negotiating 
relationships addressed by the rulings of the same Administrative Judge (rulings Nos. 19, 23 and 25 
of 2020), thus excluding Trenitalia. 
• 
As at the date hereof, Trenitalia is part of two important on-going disputes with one of the main 
suppliers of rolling stock. During 2019, first instance rulings in favour of the Trenitalia were issued. 
Both judgements were appealed by the counterparties. One judgment of appeal was favorably 
concluded by sentence No. 1430/21 of 4 November 2021 (filed 24 December 2021), Alstom 
Ferroviaria SpA appealed to the Supreme Court. With reference to the other judgment of appeal, 
conclusions were clarified in September 2022. With reference to any charges that may arise with a 
final judgement, these would essentially constitute a higher value of the reference investments. 
In addition, on 14 June 2022, by a served writ of summons, the supplier CAF Italia S.r.l. sued 
Trenitalia S.p.A. for an order against the latter, by way of liability for "qualified social contact", 
referring to the unlawful awarding of the OJEU tender No. 2018/S 048-106383 of 9 March 2018, 
for a sum of no less than Euro 24,828,725.20. The first hearing has been originally set on 8 February 
2023 and then adjourned to the hearing of 17 January 2024 with the granting of time for the filing 
of pleadings under Article 183 c.p.c.. 
• 
Anas S.p.A./Strada dei Parchi (“SdP”): with respect to the dispute with Strada dei Parchi SpA, the 
concessionaire of the A24 and A25 motorways, it is represented that the following disputes are still 
pending: 
1) 
two lawsuits brought before the Court of Rome by SdP (RG no. 33007/2016 and RG no. 
77217/2017 for compensation for the damages allegedly suffered due to the conditions of the 
motorways under concession, valued in total at approximately Euro 550 million). The two 
judgments were joined and decided by sentence no. 16036 published on 16 November 2020, 
pursuant to which the Court of Rome rejected all of SdP's claims, ordering it to pay the legal 
costs. With a summons notified on 17 December 2020, SdP lodged an appeal, pending before 
the Court of Appeal of Rome, section I, RG no. 6914/2020. The Collegium pronounced the 
order of 22 December 2021, in which it held that it could not declare the appeal inadmissible 
under Article 348 bis c.p.c. and ordered a postponement of the case to the hearing of 26 April 
2023 for the clarification of conclusions and oral discussion under Article 281 sexies c.p.c., 
without granting time for the filing of notes; 
2) 
litigation originating from the injunction obtained by Anas in relation to the receivables of 
the 2017 and 2018 instalments, the ninth and tenth instalments of the Central Guarantee Fund 
and the concessionary receivables accrued until March 2019 (RG no. 75938/2019). The two 
installments were the subject of an intervention by the legislature which, by means of article 
9 tricies semel of Decree-law No. 123/2019, converted into Law no. 156/2019, ordered the 
suspension of SdP's obligation to pay the 2017 and 2018 installments of the concession 
consideration, each in the amount of Euro 55,860,000, including deferment interest. By order 
of 12 November 2020, the judge granted the provisional enforceability of the opposing 
injunction, pursuant to art. 648 of the code of civil procedure, limited to the amount of Euro 
29,050,321.30 plus conventional interest, recognizing the amounts invoiced by way of 
concession fee (installments 2017 and 2018) and related additions as due, as well as the tenth 
installment of the debt to the former Central Guarantee Fund. The Court with sentence dated 
9 September 2022 condemns SdP to pay in favor of ANAS the sum of Euros 29,050,321.30 
plus interest (at the conventional interest rate in the amount of 4.8% for the discounting of 
the Guarantee Fund installments, and interest at the legal rate, pursuant to art. 1282 paragraph 
2 c.c. on the other items) and to the payment of court costs, as to ANAS in the amount of 
Euros 51,618.00, plus lump-sum reimbursement of general expenses and reflected charges

--- Page 160 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 150 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
by law, while, as to the Ministry, it settles in the amount of Euro 37,451.00 plus lump-sum 
reimbursement of general expenses, omnia. 
The amount of Euro 29,050,321.30 plus interest until 5 May 2021 (for a total amount of Euro 
30,421,919.80) was fully recovered by Anas following the notification of the writ of 
summons referred to in point 3) below;  
3) 
by virtue of the aforesaid order of 12 November 2020, on 26 January 2021 Anas served a 
writ of summons against which SdP lodged an opposition by means of a writ served on 5 
February 2021, initiating judgment RG 9684/2021. The next hearing (for the clarification of 
conclusions) has been set for 3 July 2023; 
4) 
warining proceedings brought by Anas before the Court of Rome aimed at obtaining the 
payment of the 2019 installment, the eleventh installment of the Central Guarantee Fund and 
the concessionary receivables relating to the period April 2019 - July 2020, for a total amount 
of Euro 82.59 million plus interest. Anas obtained the issuance of injunctive decree No. 
16723/2020 - which is not provisionally enforceable - opposed by SdP by summons served 
on 27 November 2020. The appearance hearing was set for 22 February 2022. By order dated 
28 March 2022, the judge rejected the request to grant the provisional enforcement of the 
injunction order pursuant to Article 648 of the Code of Civil Procedure, setting the hearing 
for hearing to 29 September 2022, which was then postponed ex officio to 18 October 2022. 
The latter was held with cartular handling, by filing written notes.; 
5) 
on 22 June 2021 an appeal for an injunction was filed with the Court of Rome aimed at 
obtaining payment of the 2020 installment, the twelfth installment of the Central Guarantee 
Fund and for the concessionary credits up to the balance relating to 31 March 2021 (totaling 
Euro 74,851,259.62). The appeal was entered in the register on 29 June 2021. On 13 July 
2021 the related Court Order no. 13091/2021 - which is not provisionally enforceable - was 
issued against SdP, which opposed it by means of a writ served on ANAS on 24 September 
2021 (RG.58561/2021). On 10 March 2022, the Court President granted the request for 
optional abstention of the previously designated judge, and referred the case to the President 
of the 2nd Civil Section for reassignment of the case. Following the reassignment to another 
judge, it was ordered that the hearing for the first appearance and hearing of the case be 
postponed to 9 September 2022. At the outcome of the aforementioned hearing, the I.G. 
reserved on ANAS's request for provisional enforceability of the opposed Court Order and 
on the call of MIMS, granting a period of 30 days from the hearing to SdP to produce a brief 
and a subsequent period of 30 days to ANAS to reply; 
6) 
Leg/cau/05-2022. On 19 April 2022 was notified by ANAS the appeal for injunction aimed 
at obtaining the payment of the annual installment for the year 2021 (in the amount of Euro 
62,721621.87) of the concession fee referred to in Article 3.0 letter c) of the Concession 
Agreement, the installments relating to the integration of the annual fees pursuant to Article 
19 paragraph 9 bis, Law No. 102/2009 (advance and balance) as provided by Article 12 of 
the Single Convention of 2009 relating to the months from the balance of January 2021 until 
the balance pertaining to December 2021 in the amount of Euro 13,978,272.93, the portion 
of the annual fee pursuant to Article 1 paragraph 1020, Law No. 296/2006 as provided by 
Article 12 of the Single Convention of 2009 and Article 3.6.2 of Annex E of the PEF in the 
amount of Euro 908,566.80, for a total of Euro 77,608,461.60. The appeal was registered on 
06 June 2022, and on 14 June 2022 the Court Order No. 10667/2022, endowed with 
provisional enforceability pursuant to Article 642 of the Code of Civil Procedure, was issued 
against SdP. SdP filed an objection, also making a motion to suspend the provisional 
enforceability of the Court Order pursuant to Article 649 of the Code of Civil Procedure. The 
President first ordered the suspension of the provisional enforceability of the said Court Order, 
setting the hearing for discussion to 09 August 2022. At the outcome of the hearing, with an 
order dated 13 August 2022, the Court of Rome - sez. feriale - rejected the aforementioned 
petition, revoking the previous suspension decree rendered inaudita altera parte. The first 
hearing on the merits of the opposition was held on 28 November 2022, and at that hearing 
the judge reserved. The reservation has not yet been dissolved;

--- Page 161 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 151 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
7) 
A writ of injunction was served for the recovery of the sums settled by provisionally 
enforceable court order No. 10667/2022 issued by the Court of Rome on 14 June 2022 (No. 
R.G. 34102/2022) concerning concession fees for the year 2021. By Determination No. 
150/2022, taken under Prot.CDG. 461481 of 5 July 2022, the waiver of BC was approved in 
favor of lawyer Antonio Grieco, formerly ANAS's defender in the proceedings for the 
recovery of concession fees years 2019 and 2020. Nonetheless, it was not possible to serve 
the court order together with the writ of summons, as SdP with an appeal pursuant to Article 
44 of the Business Crisis and Insolvency Code obtained access to protective measures aimed 
at the definition of a plan for the settlement of the crisis and debt restructuring, which make 
it impossible at present (at least for the duration of four months) to bring enforcement actions 
against it; 
8) 
Plus S.r.l. vs Anas, SdP and Ministry for Sustainable Infrastructure and Mobility. On 30 
March 2021, Plus S.r.l. brought an appeal before the Lazio Regional Administrative Court 
against Anas and SdP for the annulment of the silence maintained by the resisting 
Administrations with respect to the application notified by PEC on 2 February 2020, in which 
the applicant requested to proceed with the remedial acquisition of building areas owned by 
it, pursuant to art. 42bis of Presidential Decree No. 327/2001 as well as for the establishment 
of the obligation to provide in relation to the same application, through the adoption of 
express measure, in accordance with the provisions of Article 42bis of Presidential Decree 
No. 207/2001 (RG. 3469/2021). On 9 April 2021 the hearing in Council Chamber was held 
and the Collegium adjourned for discussion to the Chamber hearing on 20 October 2021. The 
appellant, with an appeal for additional grounds notified on 22 July 2021, re-proposed the 
same claims, integrating the cross-examination against MIMS, which had taken over from 
Anas in the role of grantor of the A24 to SdP. At the outcome of the hearing of 20 October 
2021, the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, with an interlocutory order published on 21 
December 2021, ordered a CTU to ascertain the exact identification and delimitation of the 
land subject to the alleged unlawful occupation and to identify the expropriation procedures, 
which involved the said properties, postponing for the subsequent preliminary steps to the 
Council Chamber of 6 July 2022. By Order No. 6755/2022, the Lazio Regional 
Administrative Court, in light of the complexity of the operations entrusted to the CTU, 
postponed the hearing for discussion and extended the terms already ordered by the previous 
Order No. 13210/2021, adjourning for the hearing of the case to the Council Chamber of 21 
December 2022. The level of risk was assessed by the remote defense counsel. 
• 
Anas and Quadrilatero Marche Umbria S.p.A./Val di Chienti and consortium members: the two 
Group companies sued "Val di Chienti" and the consortium members - General Contractor for the 
construction of Maxilotto I (Completion works of the SS 77 "Val di Chienti" Civitanova Marche - 
Foligno route through the construction of the Collesentino II - Foligno section and completion works) 
for €300.49 million for charges due to non-conformity in the construction of tunnels, as a penalty 
for delayed completion of works; greater damage for higher maintenance costs; greater damage 
protracted structure of Quadrilatero and damage to image. The defendant companies entered an 
appearance on 13 February 2017 with a counterclaim claiming against Anas and Quadrilatero 
Marche Umbria S.p.A. for both damage to image and the greater charges referred to in the reserves 
entered. For the reserves for which a counterclaim was also made against Anas (amounting to €1,129 
million), a charge of €16 million is estimated equal to the reserves recognized by the CTU in favor 
of Val di Chienti. The case had been retained for decision at the hearing on 21 September 2021 but 
by order of 30 June 2022 the G.I. put the case back on the docket summoning the court-appointed 
technical experts for clarification and supplementation of questions. Pending the hearing, Val di 
Chienti filed a petition for recusal of one of the three appointed court-appointed technical experts. 
At the hearing on 18 July 2022, the Judge invited the parties to come to an agreement having as 
reference the technical report filed; by order on the same date, he granted the petition for recusal and 
replaced the recused court-appointed technical expert in case the parties failed to come to an 
agreement. A hearing was therefore set for 19 September 2022 for possible conciliation or, failing 
that, swearing in of the new court-appointed technical expert and supplementation of questions and 
request for clarification. On 26 September 2022, following the appointment of the new court-
appointed technical expert, the case was adjourned for specification of conclusions to the hearing 
on 20 December 2022.

--- Page 162 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 152 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
• 
Anas/SALT S.p.A.: with a writ of summons served on 28 September 2021, the concessionaire SALT 
S.p.A. sued Anas, the Ministry of Sustainable Infrastructure and Mobility ("MIMS"), and the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance before the Civil Court of Florence, requesting that the 
responsibility of the defendant Administrations be ascertained, each within their respective spheres 
of competence, for their failures to fulfil their obligations under the Convention of 7 October 1999 
and the Single Convention of 2 September 2009. In particular, the concessionaire, who is in a 
prolongation regime having continued the management of the concession at the request of MIMS 
from the date of the expiration of the agreement (31 July 2019) to the present, complains of a series 
of defaults by the Grantor throughout the duration of the relationship, which allegedly entailed 
greater charges for which it claims to be reimbursed. These charges amount to a total of €685 million, 
in addition to €27.9 million for delayed investments, a sum set aside in the budget by SALT S.p.A. 
and whose release the plaintiff is demanding. Of this sum, the concessionaire requests condemnation 
jointly and severally among the defendant Administrations, given the unitary nature of the 
concessionary relationship, but only a part (€32.71 million) is attributed directly to Anas, whose 
responsibility is circumscribed, for the purposes of the internal allocation of the joint and several 
indemnity burden, to the period prior to the takeover of MIMS in the functions of the granting body, 
which took place on 1 October 2012. The summons hearing was set for 12 January 2022. Anas 
entered an appearance. At the outcome of the first hearing on 12 January, the judge, considering the 
need to immediately define the preliminary and preliminary exceptions, adjourned the case to the 
hearing on 11 April 2022 for the specification of conclusions. On that occasion, the judge ordered 
the case to be referred to the President of the Court to decide on the jurisdiction of the Ordinary or 
Specialized Sections. The President of the Court assigned the case to the Second Civil Section, 
which set a new hearing for closing arguments on 3 February 2023. 
• 
Anas/As.co.sa.: with a writ of summons served on 5 July 2019, the company As.co.sa. against Anas 
and the Presidency of the Council of Ministers, before the Court of Naples, to obtain the "restitutio 
in integrum" or an amount equal to the economic equivalent of the work carried out (€247 million) 
as part of the works relating to the construction of the "Bretella stradale di collegamento tra l’asse 
mediano e l’asse di supporto ASI", a work carried out under Law no. 219/1981. This claim is a 
consequence of the termination for non-performance of Convention 11/81, ordered by ruling No. 
11464/2013 of the Court of Naples and confirmed by the Court of Appeal of Naples by ruling No. 
2996/2017. Anas appealed against the latter ruling before the Court of Cassation. In the context of 
the aforementioned case pending before the Court of Naples, the G.I. by order of 5 October 2021, 
dissolving the reservation taken at the hearing of 3 May 2021, noted that, in adherence to the 
pronouncement of the United Sections of the Court of Cassation (judgment no. 4090/2017), recently 
confirmed by the Supreme Court by order no. 14143/2021, there could be "a prohibition on the 
splitting of the claim" (divieto di frazionamento del credito) and gave the parties time until 30 
November 2021 to file notes, adjourning for the continuation to the hearing of 17 January 2022, then 
further adjourned COVID-19 case to the hearing of 17 March 2022. Lastly, at the hearing on 21 
April 2022. At the aforementioned hearing, the parties discussed the plaintiff's objection of abusive 
splitting of the claim, raised by ANAS, according to which the plurality of procedural initiatives 
undertaken over the years by the As.co.sa company would configure an abuse of the procedural 
instrument, resulting in the inadmissibility of the claim. At the outcome of the discussion, the judge 
reserved his decision on the issue. At this time, the judge has not yet lifted the reservation. It should 
also be noted that, by decree no. 4444/2019 of 17 October this year, the Civil Court of Naples 
suspended the lawsuit, connected to the present one, until the res judicata of the aforementioned 
Court of Appeal judgment no. 2996/2017, instituted by the same As.co.sa. against Anas for the 
recognition of greater charges in the amount of more than €2 million, also deemed due on the 
assumption of the termination of the rep. agreement no. 11/81. The Consortium's credit claim 
originates from the construction of a work under Title VIII Law No. 219/81 and stems from acts and 
facts that arose prior to the transfer of the work to Anas. This made it appropriate, at the time of 
incorporation, to also object to the state takeover under Article 42 of Law No. 144/99, which, if 
upheld, would significantly lower Anas’ risk. 
• 
Anas: on 15.07.2022, an appeal was notified to the Lazio Regional Administrative Court, Rome 
office, by CEC Consorzio Stabile Europeo Costruttori Soc. Cons. a r.l. for the annulment, subject to 
suspension, of the awarding of the four-year Framework Agreement for works to upgrade and 
redevelop the E45 route, in favor of the company Todini Costruzioni Generali S.p.A.. The dispute 
presents a claim for damages in specific form and/or in equivalent, with a conventional petitum of

--- Page 163 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 153 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Euro 25 million, a "possible" level of risk and a charge of Euro 12.5 million. Following the council 
chamber on 7 September 2022, the case was adjourned to the merits with waiver of the precautionary 
petition. 
• 
RFI - Gruppo COSIAC S.p.A.: in 2011, Gruppo COSIAC S.p.A. brought an action before the Civil 
Court of Rome for damages (approximately Euro 1.039 billion) deriving from the alleged violation 
of the rules of fairness, impartiality and good faith in the execution of the integrated service 
concession for the doubling of the Tommaso Natale - Carini railway line and the connecting line 
with Punta Raisi airport. Pursuant to judgment no. 9769/2015 the Court of Rome, in full acceptance 
of the defences of RFI and with an order that COSIAC S.p.A. reimburse the costs of the proceedings, 
declared its lack of jurisdiction in favour of the administrative judge and rejected all claims for 
liability (contractual, pre-contractual and non-contractual). COSIAC S.p.A. has appealed against the 
abovementioned judgment. With sentence no. 1.477 of 1 March 2019, the Court of Appeal of Rome, 
partially upheld the appeal made by COSIAC S.p.A., referred the case back to the Court, recognizing 
the jurisdiction of the ordinary judge on the assumption that the request exercised in court by 
COSIAC S.p.A. is an expression of a subjective right arising from a private law contract. RFI 
appealed against this decision in front of the Supreme Court and appealed to the Court of Appeal 
for revision, on the grounds of contrast with the judgements already formed in the civil and 
administrative courts, also in regard to the issue of jurisdiction. With a writ of summons served on 
3 May 2019, COSIAC S.p.A. resumed the case before the Civil Court of Rome. RFI joined the 
proceedings asking for the suspension of the proceedings pending the decision of the Supreme Court 
and the Court of Appeal to rule on the issue of the conflict of judgement in the revocation. At the 
hearing of 31 March 2021, the judge, having read the parties' briefs and deeming the case to be of a 
documentary nature, adjourned the hearing for the definition of the conclusions to May 26. With 
sentence no. 28388/2020 
 of 14 December 2020, the Supreme Court, SS.UU., rejected RFI's 
appeal, confirming the decision of the Court of Appeal. The revocation judgment was settled by 
Order No. 8469/2022, which declared the appeal inadmissible. The aforementioned revocation 
judgment before the Court of Appeals is currently still pending, due to conflict with the judgments 
already formed in civil and administrative courts, including on the point of jurisdiction (the 
appearance hearing, repeatedly postponed ex officio, has been set for 13 April 2023). However, 
despite the pendency of the aforementioned revocation case before the Court of Appeal, once the 
conclusions were specified at the hearing on 26 May 2022, the Judges of the Court of Rome decided 
the main case with a favorable ruling, published on 20 October 2022, which rejected in full all the 
claims of Cosiac and Hera Spa in AS; condemning them jointly and severally to reimburse the costs, 
determined in the amount of Euro 350,000 (plus general expenses and legal fees). 
• 
Appeal to the Lombardy Regional Administrative Court (R.G. 1366/2022) - RFI vs. Regulatory 
Authority for Energy Networks and Environment to obtain the annulment of the note dated 11 May 
2022 (prot. DIEU/rte/mpg) concerning "Special tariff regime in favor of RFI - application to supply 
for uses other than traction" as well as the Authority's report no. 212/2022/I/Com of 17 May 2022, 
concerning the Reporting on the use of resources allocated to the containment of the effects of price 
increases in the electricity and natural gas sectors, with particular reference to point 3.2.2. In the 
contested note, addressed to e-distribuzione S.p.A. and Cassa per i Servizi Energetici e Ambientali 
and, for information, to RFI and FSI - ARERA affirms that by virtue of Article 29, paragraph 1, of 
Decree-law 91/14 (as amended by Law 167/17), the Special Tariff Regime, which RFI holds 
pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 730/1963, is limited to traction energy, considering, on the other 
hand, that energy so-called "for uses other than traction" is excluded from the said regime. In 
premising that the benefits of the Special Tariff Regime are substantiated a) in the recognition of a 
"compensatory" share, b) in the application of the general system charges in a reduced form, the 
Authority has provided that: as of 1 January 2015, the right to the compensatory component in 
relation to uses other than traction uses ceases; as of 1 January 2018, all withdrawal points for uses 
other than traction are subject to full payment of the ASOS (general system charge) tariff component. 
The indications provided by ARERA, therefore, where applied by distributors and Cassa per i 
Servizi Energetici, Ambientali would be retroactive in effect, entailing economic-financial effects 
for RFI - based on initial estimates made - that, from 2015 to 2022, would amount to about Euro 
140 million for the compensatory alone in addition to the benefit that would be lost for subsequent 
years. The appeal, in addition to ARERA, was also notified to Cassa per i Servizi Energetici e 
Ambientali as well as, as co-interested parties, the Ministry of Infrastructure and Sustainable

--- Page 164 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 154 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Mobility, Trenitalia and ITALO - Nuovo Trasporto Viaggiatori S.p.A. The appeal is pending the 
setting of a hearing. 
• 
Appeal concerning the transfer to FS of the shareholding in FSE Srl. In sentence No. 6417/2017, the 
Lazio Regional Administrative Court dismissed the appeal brought by Arriva Italia Srl, 
Ferrotramviaria SpA and COTRAP ("appellants") for the purpose of annulling Ministry of 
Infrastructure and Transport Decree No. 248/2016 (now Ministry of Sustainable Infrastructure and 
Mobility, MIMS) by which FS was identified as the entity to which the shareholding in FSE Srl, 
held, at the time, by the same Ministry, was to be transferred, thus confirming its legitimacy. In the 
context of the appeal for the reform of the judgment of the Judge of first instance, the appellants 
proposed, as the first ground of appeal, the failure to comply with the obligations imposed by the 
state aid rules, with reference to: i) the allocation of the sum of Euro 70 million in favor of FSE Srl 
referred to in Article 1, paragraph 867, of Law 2018/2015, as amended by Article 47, of Decree-law 
50/2017 and ii) the transfer of FSE Srl to FS without tender procedures and in the absence of 
consideration. The Council of State decided to refer the matter to the Court of Justice of the EU, 
pursuant to Article 267(1)(a) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (Referral Order 
No. 3123/2018). The Court ruled on the questions referred for a preliminary ruling in its judgment 
of 19 December 2019 (Case C-385/18), stating that - subject to the verifications to be carried out by 
the referring court (i.e. Council of State) - Art. 107 TFEU must be interpreted as meaning that both 
the allocation of a sum of money in favor of a public undertaking and the transfer of the entire 
shareholding held by a Member State in the capital of that undertaking to another public undertaking, 
without consideration, but with the obligation for the latter to remove the capital imbalance of the 
former, can be qualified as state aid. Following the outcome of the Court of Justice's interpretative 
ruling, the Council of State - before which, on 3 February 2020, the case was resumed by the 
plaintiffs - is referred to the Council of State for subsequent determinations. On 22 October 2020, 
the hearing of discussion before the Council of State was held, at the outcome of which the judge, 
taking into account the rulings of the European Court of Justice and in order to complete the 
knowledge of facts that are not immediately deducible from the documentary findings, ordered the 
opening of the verification procedure, to be carried out in the cross-examination of the parties, on 
the following question: "Tell the verifier whether the value of Ferrovie del Sud Est e Servizi s.r.l. as 
of the date of this transfer, as increased, if necessary, by the allocation of the sum of Euro 70 million 
in its favor by the Italian Government, exceeds the amount of the investment to be made by FS in 
order to honor its obligation to remove the asset imbalance of FSE" (Order No. 6537/2020). At the 
public hearing on 30 March 2021, at which the verification should have commenced, FS and FSE 
formulated requests for the exclusion from that stage of third parties (including the former Sole 
Director of FSE) who had filed an application to intervene in the case. With non-definitive sentence 
No. 6556 published on 30 September 2021, the Council of State ruled on the preliminary question 
regarding the admissibility of interventions and found only ANAV's intervention to be admissible, 
which will therefore be able to participate in the verification, while excluding other potential 
applicants. With specific reference to the verification proceeding, the verifier, after consulting the 
parties, informed them that he had requested the State Council to rule on the identification of what 
was the "date of transfer" referred to in the question formulated in College Order No. 6537/2020. 
Following the hearing in chambers held on 7 April 2022, the Council of State, in Collegial Order 
No. 3184/2022, held "it is necessary that the technical assessment entrusted to the verifier makes 
reference to both the date of 4 August 2016 (coinciding with the date of adoption of Ministerial 
Decree No. 264/2016) and 25 October 2016 (the date of adoption of the resolution of the Board of 
Directors of FSI by which it authorized the issuance, pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 4, of 
Ministerial Decree 4 August 2016, of the declaration by which FSI would express its willingness to 
provide for the removal of the asset imbalance of FSE, as well as the completion of what is necessary 
for the completion of the procedure for the transfer to FSI of the entire shareholding in FSE), as 
indicated by the appellants, and on the date of 28 November 2016 (the date of the stipulation of the 
notarial deed of transfer of the shareholding, subject to verification of the conditions imposed by the 
aforementioned ministerial decree)".The verification proceeding is still ongoing, and following the 
verifier's request for an extension of time, the Council of State, in Order No. 08047/2022, set the 
deadline for the final verification report at 13 February 2023 and the date for the hearing for 
discussion (initially set at 26 May 2022 and then at 3 November 2022) at 23 March 2023. The 
verifier formalised a new request for an extension of the deadline for verification operations. By 
order published on 7 March 2023, the Council of State ordered an extension of 90 days (starting 
from 7 March 2023) of the deadline for the verifier to submit the final report to 5 June 2023 and set 
the hearing for the discussion of the appeal for 30 November 2023.

--- Page 165 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 155 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
• 
Appeals relating to the tender for the assignment of services for the Tuscany region. The litigation 
initiated in April 2016, by the consortium company MOBIT Scarl (which brings together, in addition 
to Busitalia, other LPT operators in the Tuscan territory) for the annulment of the measures by which 
the Tuscany Region awarded to the company Autolinee Toscane SpA (“AT”) the tender for the 
single-lot award of the local public transport service, for a duration of 9 years, extendable by an 
additional two years, worth a total of approximately Euro 4 billion, was settled by Council of State 
ruling no. 4779/2021 of 21 June 2021, which rejected the appeal and confirmed the award in favor 
of AT. MOBIT appealed against this judgment by way of revocation under Article 106 c.p.a. and 
appeal to the Supreme Court under Articles 111 Const., 110 c.p.a. and 362 c.p.c. In Judgment No. 
5174 of 23 June 2022, the Council of State declared the appeal for revocation inadmissible. The 
Supreme Court set 6 December 2022 for the meeting in the Council Chamber to discuss the appeal. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the proceeding is pending decision. 
Proceedings before the Italian and EU authorities 
• 
EU cases SA 32179 and SA 32953. On 28 March 2014, the European Commission's Directorate-
General for Competition notified Italy of a decision to begin a formal investigation in connection 
with two potential state aid programmes relating to: 
a. 
state aid measures under the forms of transfers of infrastructure assets (case SA 32179); and 
b. 
compensation for a public service obligation in the rail freight sector (case SA 32953). 
The first aid measure being investigated relates to four asset allocation operations within the FS 
Group, in which assets were allocated to Trenitalia and FS Logistica S.p.A., respectively. In 
particular, these transfers include assets that do not constitute railway infrastructure (they are mainly 
workshops) and are, in any case, no longer functional for the infrastructure operator. The second 
measure being investigated relates to the compensation by the Italian station to Trenitalia for the 
discharge of public service obligations in rail freight transport from 2000 to 2014 under three 
consecutive public service contracts. After 2015 and 2016, in which there were no further 
developments, near the end of 2017, the European Commission resumed the examination of both 
dossiers. Accordingly, considering the current stage of the cases and their complexity, and based on 
the opinions of independent legal experts, in line with previous evaluations, we believe that: 1) the 
effects of any negative development with respect to case SA 32179 would substantially relate to 
assets, due to the re-allocation of assets within the FS Group; and ii) with respect to case SA 32953, 
it is still impossible to objectively identify a contingent liability or reliably estimate any amount that 
might be paid. As at the date hereof, the proceedings is on-going. 
• 
AGCM Proceedings A536. On 12 July 2022, the AGCM notified ONE Scarl and its consortium 
members who are parties to the proceedings - including Busitalia and Ataf Gestioni SpA - of the 
measure adopted at the meeting of 21 June 2022 in which a violation of Article 102 of the TFEU on 
abuse of a dominant position was established, at the conclusion of the proceedings in question. 
According to the Authority, the incumbent operators united in the ONE Scarl consortium - manager 
of LPT services by road in the entire Tuscany Region basin until the new operator takes over in 
November 2021 - adopted a complex obstructionist and dilatory strategy concerning the failure of 
the operator awarded the service at the end of a tender procedure (Autolinee Toscane, a company 
subject to the control of RATP) to provide goods, information and data essential for the provision 
of LPT services, thus delaying its takeover of the market. The Authority, however, noted that the 
liability of the parties is mitigated by the peculiar context in which the abusive conduct took place, 
characterized by a high degree of complexity "related, on the one hand, to the large number of parties 
involved and the amount of essential assets and information related to them and, on the other hand, 
to specific issues of objective negotiation complexity", as well as to an articulated judicial dispute. 
The establishment of the violation resulted in the imposition of administrative fines on ONE Scarl 
(approximately Euro 2,868,000) and 15 consortium companies, including Busitalia (approximately 
Euro 54,000) and ATAF Gestioni (approximately Euro 254,000). 
• 
AGCM Proceeding A551. By order of 19 July 2022, the Antitrust Authority initiated proceedings 
against Trenitalia S.p.A. for alleged violation of Article 102 TFEU on abuse of dominant position, 
for conduct relating to the sale of contributed services (regional and/or Intercity) in connection with

--- Page 166 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 156 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Frecce/AV services. The proceeding originates from the reports of the competitor on the HS services 
market which complains, in the face of specific requests and at the outcome of a complex negotiation 
(which came to a conclusion on 28 June 2022, with the signing of an agreement with Trenitalia), the 
persistence of the impossibility of replicating Trenitalia's offer on its own sales systems (except at 
higher costs) - specifically, the offer, in a single solution, of contributed services in connection with 
Italo services - with consequent prejudice to competition on the HS markets. According to the 
Authority's initial assessments, Trenitalia allegedly engaged in a "constructive refusal" to contract, 
first by unjustifiably delaying negotiations with the competitor and then by imposing unreasonable 
conditions for access to the sale of contributed services, operated exclusively under public service 
contracts. As of today, the deadline for the conclusion of the proceedings is 31 October 2023. On 2 
November 2022, however, Trenitalia proposed a set of commitments pursuant to Article 14-ter of 
Law No. 287/1990 - currently being evaluated - aimed at removing the competitive concerns raised 
when the proceedings were initiated. Should the Authority deem these commitments suitable to 
remove the critical issues initially found, it will make them binding, closing the proceedings without 
a finding of infringement. 
• 
Proceedings of the Hellenic Competition Authority against Trainose. On 31 March 2021, the 
Hellenic Competition Authority sent Trainose (now Hellenic Trains) a request for information in 
response to a report in which Rail Cargo Logistics Goldair complained that it had engaged in certain 
conduct -some of which related to the company's commercial policy and pricing - involving an 
alleged abuse of a dominant position in the rail freight market. On 2 June 2022, the Authority 
conducted an inspection at Trainose's offices. The investigation is ongoing. 
• 
ART Resolution No. 20/2022: On 9 February 2022, the Transportation Regulatory Authority, 
through Resolution no. 20, initiated a proceeding, against Trenitalia and RFI in concurrence, for the 
possible adoption of a sanctioning measure, for non-compliance with the Authority's measures on 
passenger rights, with particular reference to the cancellation of a train and the communication of 
adequate information regarding the availability of alternative means for the continuation of the 
journey (measures 3.4 and 4.5 of Annex A to Resolution No. 106/2018). On 30 June 2022, the 
Transport Regulatory Authority, through Resolution No. 106, ordered - against RFI and Trenitalia - 
the closure of the sanction proceedings initiated by Resolution No. 20/2022, without the 
infringement being established. 
• 
ART Resolution No. 147/2022. On 8 September 2022, the ART, through Resolution No. 147, 
initiated proceedings against RFI for the possible adoption of a sanctioning measure for violation of 
Article 23, paragraph 3, of Legislative Decree 112/2015, for not having complied with the limits in 
the allocation of framework capacity provided for in paragraph 4.4.2.1 of the Network Information 
Prospectus 2023 ("The capacity that can be allocated with a Framework Agreement, or with the set 
of Framework Agreements, may not exceed 85% of the total capacity related to each route and for 
each time slot"). The deadline for the conclusion of the proceedings is set at 180 days from the date 
of notification of the Resolution. At the outcome of the proceedings could be imposed, an 
administrative fine up to a maximum of 1% of turnover and, in any case, not exceeding Euro 
1,000,000. 
Recent events 
FS Italiane, 2022 Annual Report approved 
On 6 April 2023, the Issuer’s Board of Directors approved the company’s annual financial report, including 
the Group's consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2022. 
New board resolution on 2023 funding instruments 
On 28 February 2023, the FS’ Board of Directors approved (i) the issuance of notes under the Programme 
and other medium/long-term funding instruments up to a total maximum amount of Euro 3.1 billion to 
cover the FS Group's medium/long-term needs, and (ii) the increase of the maximum amount of the 
Programme up to Euro 12 billion.  
Fitch affirms Rating "BBB" and outlook stable

--- Page 167 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 157 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
On 11 November 2022, Fitch Ratings released the annual assessment of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane credit 
profile affirming the Issuer Default Rating at “BBB” with a stable outlook which reflects that on Italy. Fitch 
has also affirmed the FS’s Standalone Credit Profile to ‘bbb’, in line with that of the Italian Republic. 
Half-year results for 2022 
On 28 September 2022, FS’ Board of Directors has approved FS Group’s half-yearly financial report, 
which ended 30 June 2022. 
New Green Bond issued for Euro 1.1 billion 
On 7 September 2022, FS issued its sixth green bond with a nominal value of Euro 1.1 billion, expiring on 
April 2027. The issue will finance the Eligible Green Projects in accordance with the FS Green Bond 
Framework updated last June. In particular, the proceeds are earmarked both to the purchase of new 
Trenitalia trains and relevant maintenance expenses as well as - for the first time ever - to investments for 
the completion of the Turin-Milan-Naples high-speed network, managed by RFI.  
All the investments meet the criteria of the EU Taxonomy, as confirmed by the Sustainalytics second party 
opinion. 
The coupon has been set at 3.75% with a final spread of 158.5 basis points above the reference mid-swap 
rate. 
Standard and Poor's confirms BBB rating and changes the outlook to stable 
On 2 August 2022, Standard and Poor's confirmed the FS Issuer Credit Rating at "BBB" and changed the 
outlook from positive to stable, mirroring that of the Republic of Italy. 
S&P also confirmed FS's “Stand Alone Credit Profile” (SACP) equal to “bbb+”, which remains one notch 
above the rating of the Republic of Italy. 
Sustainability Linked Revolving Facility increased from 2.5 up to 3 billion euro 
On 22 July 2022, FS subscribed the increase from 2.5 up to 3 billion euros of the committed and revolving 
credit facility signed in 2021, with 8 banks now acting as lenders. BNL – Group BNP Paribas and Banco 
BPM joined the pool of lenders, formerly including Intesa Sanpaolo, UniCredit S.p.A., Cassa depositi e 
prestiti, Crédit Agricole CIB, CaixaBank and Banca Popolare di Sondrio. 
New Green Bond fully subscribed by the European Investment Bank 
On 13 July 2022, FS Italiane signed a new 17 years floating rate green bond for an amount of Euro 200 
million, under its EMTN Program. The note has been fully subscribed via a private placement issuance by 
the European Investment Bank (EIB). The deal is the second tranche of an overall amount of Euro 550 
million of funds in favour of FS Italiane, approved by the EIB in 2021, for the financing of new high-speed 
trains purchases of Trenitalia. It follows the issue of Euro 350 million, already subscribed in last December, 
which was the first corporate green bond ever purchased by the Bank. 
Credit & ESG Investors Update 
On 8 July 2022, Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane SpA (BBB Positive by S&P / BBB Stable by Fitch) announced 
a series of Credit & ESG Investor Update calls starting from 11th July 2022. 
Banca Akros, BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole CIB, HSBC, IMI-Intesa Sanpaolo and UniCredit - as Joint 
Coordinators - are arranging the meetings. Credit Agricole CIB is coordinating logistics. 
New Green Bond Framework disclosed 
The new Framework provides for new Eligible Green Projects, including now also investments for the 
completion of Rete Ferroviaria Italiana's high-speed rail network as well as the maintenance expenditure 
for Trenitalia and Mercitalia's rolling stock.

--- Page 168 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 158 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
So far, FS has issued green bonds exclusively for the financing of trains for passengers (for both the regional 
and high-speed sectors) and freight trains. By this last Framework update, FS achieves the important goal 
of extending the ESG finance to the main projects of the Group's railway business. 
Sustainalytics has again issued a Second Party Opinion certifying the Framework alignment to the Green 
Bond Principles, defined by the International Capital Market Association, as well as to the EU Taxonomy 
(Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852). 
New 12 years euro 160 million bond issue subscribed by Eurofima - Private placement for investments 
in rolling stock. Bond maturity in 2034 
On 1 June 2022, FS Italiane signed a new private placement with Eurofima, which subscribed Euro 160 
million twelve-year floating rate notes. 
The bond proceeds are earmarked to investments in rolling stocks for public service in Italy operated by 
Trenitalia. 
The funded trains are aligned to the EU Taxonomy criteria and contribute positively to environmental and 
social sustainability promoting the modal shift to rail.

--- Page 169 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 159 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Italian, US and EU tax considerations relating to the 
Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether 
in those countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers as 
to which countries' tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions 
under the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Taxation in the Republic of Italy 
Tax treatment of the Notes 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended ("Decree 239") provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
"Interest") from notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds 
(titoli similari alle obbligazioni), issued, inter alia, by public entities transformed in limited companies, 
pursuant to specific law provisions. 
For this purpose, bonds and debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 
44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value, with or without the payment 
of periodic interest, and which do not grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation to (or of 
control of) the management of the Issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were 
issued, nor to control the same. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree 239, where the Italian resident Noteholder, who is the beneficial owner of the Notes, is: 
(a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the relevant Notes are connected; 
(b) a non-commercial partnership; 
(c) private or public institutions (other than companies), trusts not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
Interest payments relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a tax, 
referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26% (either when Interest is paid or when payment 
thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale of the Notes) (unless Noteholder described under (a) to (c) have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and 
have opted for the application of the "risparmio gestito" regime according to Article 7 of Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended ("Decree No. 461") — see under "Capital gains tax", 
below).  
All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients". In the event that Noteholders described under (a) 
and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta 
sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and may be deducted from the taxation on income due.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 
103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including from imposta sostitutiva, on 
interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth by Italian law.

--- Page 170 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 160 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected and the Notes are 
deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the relevant Noteholder's income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate 
income taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also to the 
regional tax on productive activities ("IRAP")). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, interests, premium and other income relating to the Notes, are subject to imposta 
sostitutiva and will be included its relevant income tax return. As a consequence, interests, premium and 
other income will be subject to the ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a 
deduction from the income tax due. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare (so 
called "SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (so called "SGRs"), stockbrokers 
and other entities identified by a decree of the MEF (each an "Intermediary"). An Intermediary must (a) 
(i) be resident in Italy or (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial 
intermediary or (iii) be an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised 
administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of 
Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239; and (b) intervene, 
in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of 
the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without 
consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by 
any Intermediary paying Interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 ("Decree 351"), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
converted into Law n. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, 
Italian real estate investment funds and Italian real estate SICAFs, qualifying as such from a legal and 
regulatory perspective (the "Real Estate Funds") are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other 
income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Funds, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders 
or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26%; subject to certain 
conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real 
Estate Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution.  
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or-closed ended investment fund, a SICAV (an 
investment company with variable capital) or a SICAF (an investment company with fixed capital) 
established in Italy (the "Fund") and either (i) the Fund or (ii) their manager is subject to the supervision 
of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, as clarified by the 
Italian tax authorities through Circular No. 11/E of 28 March 2012, Interest accrued during the holding 
period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management 
results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results but a withholding tax of 26% 
will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the 
"Collective Investment Fund Tax"). 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005, the "Pension Fund") and the Notes are deposited with 
an authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end 
of the tax period, to be subject to a 20% substitute tax (the "Pension Fund Tax") on the increase in value 
of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued 
on the Notes). Subject to certain limitations and requirements, Interest arising in respect of the Notes may 
be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax, if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders

--- Page 171 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 161 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian 
resident beneficial owner is either: 
• 
resident for tax purposes in a state or territory which allows an adequate exchange of information 
with the Italian tax authorities and listed in the Decree of the Minister of Finance dated 4 
September, 1996, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "White List"). According 
to Article 11, par. 4, let. c) of Decree 239, the White List will be updated every six months period. 
In absence of the issuance of the new White List, reference has to be made to the Italian Ministerial 
Decree dated 4 September, 1996 as amended from time to time; or 
• 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; or 
• 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or 
• 
an institutional investor which is resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with Italy, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of 
residence. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-resident investors (without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected) must (a) be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the 
Notes, (b) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes, the receipts or the coupons with an Italian bank or a 
SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM or with a non-resident operator 
of a clearing system having appointed as its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree 239 a resident bank 
or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy or a non-resident bank or SIM which are in contact via 
computer with the MEF and (c) file with the relevant depositary, prior to or concurrently with the deposit 
of the Notes, a statement (autocertificazione) of the relevant Noteholder, to be provided only once, until 
revoked or withdrawn, in which the Noteholder declares to be resident, for tax purposes, in one of the above 
mentioned White List states. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set 
up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in the case of 
foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must 
comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently 
amended. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26% to Interest paid to Noteholders who do not 
qualify for the exemption. 
Noteholders who are subject to the imposta sostitutiva might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial 
relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the 
relevant Noteholder. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to be bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986 may be subject to a withholding tax, currently levied at the rate of 26% For this purpose, 
debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, 
an amount not lower than their nominal value. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 
103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including from imposta sostitutiva, on 
interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes 
are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (c) a permanent establishment

--- Page 172 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 162 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
in Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an Italian commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or 
public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when 
the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian 
resident Noteholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including 
the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident 
individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual holding the Notes not 
in connection with an entrepreneurial activity; (ii) a non-commercial partnership; (iii) a non-commercial 
private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of 
the Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva on capital gains, levied at the current rate of 26% 
Noteholders may set off losses with gains. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta 
sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred 
capital loss, realised by the Italian resident individual Noteholder holding Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax 
year. Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity must 
indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the 
annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance of income tax due 
for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Noteholders holding Notes not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity, Italian resident partnerships not carrying out commercial 
activities and Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial 
activities may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or 
redemption of the relevant Notes (the "risparmio amministrato" regime). Such separate taxation of capital 
gains is allowed subject to (a) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised 
financial intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries); and (b) an 
express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant 
Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains 
realised on each sale or redemption of Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the 
revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to 
the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds 
to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may 
be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same 
tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the 
Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals holding Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, Italian resident partnerships not carrying out commercial activities and Italian 
private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have 
opted for the so called "risparmio gestito" regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase 
in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26% substitute tax, to 
be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of 
the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed

--- Page 173 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 163 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Noteholder 
is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals not acting in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 
1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including from imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised 
upon sale, transfer for consideration or redemption of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to 
time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund, but subsequent 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a 
withholding tax of 26%. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. Such result will not be taxed with the Fund, but 
subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders may be subject to the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is an Italian Pension Fund will be included in the result 
of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. Subject 
to certain limitations and requirements, capital gains arising in respect of the Notes may be excluded from 
the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable 
as set forth by Italian law. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Article 23, of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, capital gains realised by non-
Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer and traded on regulated 
markets are neither subject to the imposta sostitutiva nor to any other Italian income tax (subject to, in 
certain cases, the filing of the required documentation). 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded 
on regulated markets may in certain circumstances be taxable in Italy if the Notes are held in Italy. However, 
capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are connected, from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Notes not traded on 
regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the beneficial owner: (a) is 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy 
as listed in the White List, or (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, 
inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is resident in a 
country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as listed in the White List, even 
if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of residence. If non-Italian resident 
Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, are 
subject to the risparmio amministrato regime or elect for the risparmio gestito regime, exemption from 
Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in time with the authorised financial 
intermediary an appropriate declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirements 
indicated above. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the 
sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer not traded on regulated markets are subject 
to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26% In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are connected, that may benefit from a double 
taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption 
of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of Notes.

--- Page 174 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 164 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as 
subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) as a 
result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(k) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4% on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, 
for each beneficiary, €1,000,000; 
(l) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives in law to the third degree, are subject 
to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6% on the entire value of the inheritance or the 
gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6% inheritance and gift tax on the 
value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and 
(m) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8% on 
the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
Inheritance and gift tax do not apply in case the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by 
Italian law. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to 
the following registration tax: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a 
rate of €200.00; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax only in the case of use or voluntary 
registration or in case of application of the so-called “enunciazione”. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2/ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October, 
1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent 
by financial intermediaries to their clients for the Notes deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate 
of 0.20% and cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals; this stamp duty is determined on 
the basis of the market value or, if no market value figure is available, the nominal value or redemption 
amount or, in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of 
the Notes held. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued 
by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or 
insurance activity within the Italian territory. The communication is deemed to be sent to the customers at 
least once a year, even for instruments for which it is not mandatory. In case of reporting periods of less 
than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable based on the period accounted. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19 par. 18 and 18-bis of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian resident 
individuals, and, starting from fiscal year 2020, Italian non-commercial entities and Italian non-commercial 
partnerships and similar institutions (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 
of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) holding the Notes outside the Italian territory are 
required to pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2% Starting from fiscal year 2020, for taxpayers other than 
individuals, this wealth tax cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year (or at the end of the 
holding period) or, if no market value figure is available, the nominal value or the redemption value or, in 
the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of such financial

--- Page 175 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 165 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
assets held outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the 
amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the 
Italian wealth tax due). 
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by Italian 
financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the above-mentioned stamp 
duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642/72 does apply. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 of 
4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, Italian resident individuals, Italian non-commercial entities 
and  Italian non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions (società semplici or similar partnerships 
in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) resident in Italy for tax 
purposes, under certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income 
tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same 
time as prescribed for the income tax return) the amount of investments directly or indirectly held abroad.  
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holders of the financial 
instruments, are the actual owners ("titolari effettivi") of the financial instruments in accordance with 
Article 1(2)(u) and the Technical Annex of the Decree No. 231 of 21 November 2007. 
The disclosure requirements are not due if the foreign financial investments (including the Notes) are only 
comprised of deposits and/or bank accounts having an aggregate value not exceeding an €15,000 threshold 
throughout the year. Furthermore, no disclosure requirement applies when the Notes are deposited for 
management or administration with qualified Italian financial intermediaries, with respect to contracts 
entered into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes 
have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (each other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). However, 
Estonia has ceased to participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary' market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in 
a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which, remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number 
of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction of the Issuer) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the

--- Page 176 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 166 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to 
the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to 
the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further 
Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. 
TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH IRS CIRCULAR 230, EACH TAXPAYER IS HEREBY NOTIFIED 
THAT: (A) ANY TAX DISCUSSION HEREIN IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND 
CANNOT BE USED BY THE TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX PENALTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED ON THE TAXPAYER; (B) ANY SUCH TAX 
DISCUSSION WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE PROMOTION OR MARKETING OF THE 
TRANSACTIONS OR MATTERS ADDRESSED HEREIN; AND (C) THE TAXPAYER SHOULD 
SEEK ADVICE BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN 
INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISER.

--- Page 177 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 167 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo 
Banco BPM, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, 
Bayerische Landesbank, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, CaixaBank, S.A., Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs 
International, HSBC Continental Europe, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan SE, 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, MPS Capital 
Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A., MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V., Natixis, NatWest Markets N.V., 
SMBC Bank EU AG, Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under 
which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, Dealers are 
set out in an amended and restated Dealer Agreement dated 27 April 2023 (the "Dealer Agreement") and 
made between the Issuer and the Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution 
is an agreement between the Issuer and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as 
"Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to 
the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the 
Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, 
the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations 
of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of 
those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche 
beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been 
appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Dealer 
Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes 
comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, 
and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance 
period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 178 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 168 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
(or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to 
the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that  Member 
State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision the expression 
"retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 179 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 169 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the United Kingdom except 
that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree) that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of 
the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
Issuer; and

--- Page 180 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 170 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional Italian Securities Laws 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that any offer, sale 
or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to 
the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, all Italian 
securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any 
other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and in Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and any other applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 
(in each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the 
offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and on 2 November 2020 and as 
further amended from time to time); and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy and/or any other Italian authority. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional French Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 
1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation, as 
amended, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be 
distributed in France to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be, or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that 
it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Singapore

--- Page 181 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 171 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that:  
(i) 
the Notes may not be publicly offered, sold, advertised or marketed, directly or indirectly, in or 
into Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act dated 15 June 2018, as 
amended ("FinSA"), except to any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the 
meaning of the FinSA; 
(ii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer or 
the Notes (y) constitutes a prospectus or a key information document (or an equivalent document) 
as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA or (z) has been or will be filed with or approved 
by a Swiss review body pursuant to article 51 of the FinSA; and 
(iii) 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Issuer or 
the Notes may be distributed or otherwise made available in Switzerland, except to any investor 
that qualifies as a professional client within the meaning of the FinSA. 
General

--- Page 182 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 172 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree, represent and warrant that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in force in any country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or a Drawdown 
Prospectus or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands 
this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or a Drawdown Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which 
they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus, any Final 
Terms or a Drawdown Prospectus or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
Other than with respect to the admission to listing, trading and/or quotation by such one or more competent 
authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be specified in the Final Terms, no action has 
been or will be taken in any country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public 
offering of Notes, or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or 
have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed 
"General" above. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 183 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 173 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has also been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin and to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer(s) and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree or which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
The Central Bank of Ireland may at the request of the Issuer, send to the competent authority of another 
EEA Member State (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus; and (ii) an Attestation Certificate. 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 
28 February 2023. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer or the Group. 
Significant/Material Change 
Save as disclosed in the 2022 Unaudited Interim Report Highlights and in the section entitled "Risk Factors 
– Risks relating to the Issuer's financial position – Risks relating to macroeconomic conditions and 
sovereign debt crisis" since 31 December 2021 there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance or financial position of the Issuer or the Group and there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer or the Issuer and its Subsidiaries.  
Auditors  
The consolidated financial statements of the FS Group as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021, incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, have been audited by KPMG S.p.A, 
independent auditors, as stated in their reports. On 4 November 2014, a shareholders' meeting approved the 
appointment of KPMG S.p.A. to act as the Issuer's external auditors, subject to the signing of a framework 
agreement, for the period 2014-2022. 
KPMG S.p.A. has its registered office at Via Vittor Pisani 25, 20124 Milan, Italy. KPMG S.p.A. is 
authorised and regulated by the MEF, is registered under No. 13 on the special register of auditing firms 
held by the MEF and is registered under No. 70623 on the register of accountancy auditors (Registro dei 
revisori legali). 
Documents on Display 
Electronic copies of the following documents (together with English translations thereof) may be inspected 
during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent for 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus, in relation to the documents listed at (a) – (i) 
below, 
on 
the 
websites 
indicated, 
and 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
Base 
Prospectus, 
at 
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/fsitaliane/en/investor-relations/debt-and-credit-rating/emtn-programme-
.html 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (which are available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/fsitaliane/en/fs-group/governance/the-statute-.html);

--- Page 184 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 174 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 (which are available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/dam/fsitaliane/Documents/investor-relations/annual-report-
2021.pdf 
and 
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/dam/fsitaliane/en/Documents/investor-
relations/financial-statements/2020_FS_Annual_Report.pdf respectively); 
(c) 
the summary of the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 
December 
2022 
(which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/dam/fsitaliane/en/Documents/investor-relations/financial-
statements/2022_FS_Annual_report_Highlights.pdf);   
(d) 
the summary of the main unaudited interim consolidated results of the Issuer as at 30 June 2022 
(which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/dam/fsitaliane/Documents/investor-relations/ENG_Documento-
di-sintesi-finanziaria-seme2022.pdf); 
(e) 
the most recent annual consolidated financial information of the Issuer published from time to time, 
commencing with its audited annual consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2021 (which will be available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/fsitaliane/en/investor-relations/financial-statements.html); 
(f) 
the December 2021 Base Prospectus (which is available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/dam/fsitaliane/Documents/investor-
relations/IR_FS_EMTN_Base_Prospectus_15december2021.pdf); 
(g) 
the 
Agency 
Agreement 
(which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/fsitaliane/en/investor-relations.html); 
(h) 
the 
Deed 
of 
Covenant (which 
is 
available 
on the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/fsitaliane/en/investor-relations.html); and 
(i) 
the Programme Manual (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form) 
(available on the website of the Issuer at https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/fsitaliane/en/investor-
relations.html);  
(j) 
the Issuer-ICSDs Agreement (which is entered into between the Issuer and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg with respect to the settlement in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of Notes in New Global Note form) (available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.fsitaliane.it/content/fsitaliane/en/investor-relations.html). 
Material Contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group has entered into any contracts outside the ordinary course 
of business that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes of 
each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other 
clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining 
the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the period

--- Page 185 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 175 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first 
Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment 
date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant 
issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
Passporting 
The Issuer may, on or after the date of this Base Prospectus, make applications for one or more certificates 
of approval under Article 20(8) of the Prospectus Regulation as implemented in the Republic of Ireland to 
be issued by the Central Bank of Ireland to the competent authority in any Member State. 
Copy of ISDA Definitions 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the ISDA Definitions. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates may 
have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer 
and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market 
risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and/or their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and/or their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers 
and/or their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients 
that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this 
paragraph the term "affiliates" includes also parent companies. 
LEI 
The Legal Entity Identifier of the Issuer is 549300J4SXC5ALCJM731.

--- Page 186 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 176 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
ANNEX 1  FURTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO INFLATION LINKED 
NOTES 
The Issuer can issue Notes which are linked to an index pursuant to the Programme, where the underlying  
index is the CPI or the Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco as defined 
below. 
"CPI or ITL - Inflation for Blue Collar Workers and Employees - Excluding Tobacco Consumer Price Index 
Unrevised" means, subject to the Conditions, the "Indice dei prezzi al consumo per famiglie di operai e 
impiegati (FOI), senza tabacchi" as calculated on a monthly basis by the ISTAT - Istituto Nazionale di 
Statistica (the "Italian National Institute of Statistics") (the "Index Sponsor") which appears on Bloomberg 
Page ITCPIUNR (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as may 
be nominated as the information vendor, for the purpose of displaying the level of such index), provided that 
for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate of Interest and the Final Redemption Amount, the first 
publication or announcement of a level of the inflation Index (excluding estimates) by the Index Sponsor for 
a given month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions of the level for such month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
Eurostat Eurozone Harmonised Indices of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco Unrevised Series 
Non Seasonal Adjusted 
The Eurozone Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding Tobacco (HICP), as calculated and 
published by Eurostat and the national statistical institutes in accordance with harmonised statistical 
methods (the "HICP") is an economic indicator constructed to measure the changes over time in the 
prices of consumer goods and services acquired by households in the Eurozone. Following the Maastricht 
Treaty, the HICPs have been used as convergence criteria and the main measure for monitoring price 
stability by the European Central Bank in the Euro area, as well as for use on international comparison. 
HICP is the aggregate of the Member States’ individual harmonised index of consumer prices excluding 
tobacco ("Individual HICP"). Each country first publishes its Individual HICP in conjunction with its 
consumer price index. Thereafter, Eurostat aggregates the Individual HICPs and publishes an HICP for 
the Eurozone, as well as a breakdown by item and by country. In any specific year, each country’s weight 
in the HICP for the Eurozone equals the share that such country’s final household consumption constitutes 
within that of the Eurozone as a whole for the year that is prior to that specified year. These weights are 
re-estimated every year in the January publication of the HICP. 
HICP is said to be harmonised because the methodology and nomenclatures for the index of prices are 
the same for all of the countries in the Eurozone and the EU. This makes it possible to compare inflation 
among different Member States of the EU. Emphasis is placed on the quality and comparability of the 
various countries’ indices. 
HICP is calculated as an annual chain-index, which makes it possible to change the weights every year. 
This also makes it possible to integrate new entrants, as in the case of Greece in January 2001. If a new 
entrant is integrated in a specific year, it is included in the Eurozone HICP starting from January of that 
year. The new Member State’s weight is included in the annual revaluation of the HICP. 
HICP is published every month on Eurostat’s internet site, according to a pre-determined official 
timetable. Publication generally occurs around the 14th - 16th day of the following month. If a revision 
is made, it is published with the HICP of the following month.

--- Page 187 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 177 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
Base Year Change 
In Europe, the national statistics institutes change the base year of their price indices every 5 to 10 years. 
This procedure is necessary to ensure that the index follows changes in the consumption pattern through a 
new consumer spending nomenclature. The resetting of the base generally accompanies changes in the 
definition of household consumption that occur when the national accounting system is modified. Since 
2006, the index reference period has been set to 2005 = 100. In order to obtain a common price reference 
period, too, the weights for each year are "price updated" to December of the previous year. 
More information on the HICP, including past and current levels, can be found at: 
https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/products-datasets/-/teicp000.

--- Page 188 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 178 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane S.p.A. 
Piazza della Croce Rossa, 1 
00161 Rome 
Italy 
ARRANGERS 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM 
Viale Eginardo 29 
20149 Milan 
Italy 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Edificio ASIA, Calle Sauceda, 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
Bayerische Landesbank 
Brienner Strasse 18 
80333 Munich 
Germany 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle Pintor Sorolla 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France

--- Page 189 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 179 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
MPS Capital Services Banca per le Imprese 
S.p.A. 
Via Leone Pancaldo 
450127 Florence 
Italy 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98  
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311, Frankfurt 
Germany 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 190 ---
10246639805-v21 
- 180 - 
47-41046673 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch  
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and Italian law: 
Dentons Europe Studio Legale Tributario 
Piazza degli Affari 1 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law: 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 25 
20124 Milan 
Italy