--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
 
Stellantis N.V. 
(Incorporated as a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws of the Netherlands and registered with the Dutch 
chamber of commerce (Kamer van Koophandel) under number 60372958) 
as Issuer and as Guarantor, in respect of Notes issued by 
Fiat Chrysler Finance Europe société en nom collectif 
and 
Fiat Chrysler Finance Europe 
société en nom collectif 
(Existing as a general partnership under the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 412F, Route d’Esch, L-2086 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies  
(Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg) under number B-59500 and, as the context requires, acting through its Dutch branch at 
Taurusavenue 1, 2132LS Hoofddorp, The Netherlands (the “Dutch Branch”)) 
as Issuer 
 
 
€30,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the €30,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Stellantis 
N.V., a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands (the “Company” or “Stellantis N.V.”) 
and Fiat Chrysler Finance Europe société en nom collectif (and, as the context requires, the Dutch Branch, together “FCFE”) (each an “Issuer” and together, 
the “Issuers”) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined below). The payments of all amounts due in respect of Notes issued by FCFE (the “Guaranteed Notes”) will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by Stellantis N.V. (in such capacity, the “Guarantor”). 
FCFE has a right of substitution as set out in Condition 15(a) (Substitution – Substitution of FCFE by Stellantis) and Condition 15(c) (Substitution – 
Substitution as Issuer of a Treasury Subsidiary by another Treasury Subsidiary). FCFE may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons either Stellantis N.V. as Issuer or any of Stellantis N.V.’s Treasury 
Subsidiaries (as defined below). Stellantis N.V. has a right of substitution as set out in Condition 15(b) (Substitution – Substitution of Stellantis by a Treasury 
Subsidiary). Stellantis N.V. may, at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under 
the Notes and Coupons any of its Treasury Subsidiaries provided that Stellantis N.V. shall guarantee the obligations of such Treasury Subsidiary. The 
relevant Treasury Subsidiary (failing which, Stellantis N.V.) shall indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against any adverse tax consequences of 
such a substitution. For further details regarding these rights of substitution, see Condition 15 (Substitution). 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors” herein. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”) in any member state of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”). 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Notes issued under the Programme 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated 
market. References in the Base Prospectus to Euronext Dublin (and all related references) shall mean the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. In addition, 
references in the Base Prospectus to the Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to listing on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on its regulated market or, as the case may be, a MiFID Regulated Market (as defined below). The 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, (each such regulated market being a “MiFID Regulated Market”). 
This document may be used to list Notes on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin pursuant to the Programme. The Programme provides for Notes to be 
listed on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. Each Issuer may also 
issue unlisted Notes. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €30,000,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies, subject to increase as provided herein). The Notes will be issued in such denominations (each a “Specified Denomination”) as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant specified currency indicated in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) (the “Specified Currency”) and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within a Relevant State will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms and conditions 
not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in final terms 
(the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to the Central Bank on or before the date of issue of the 
Notes of such Tranche. Copies of the Final Terms relating to Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin will be available free of charge, at the registered 
office of each Issuer, at the principal executive offices of the Guarantor and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (as defined under “Terms

--- Page 2 ---
and Conditions of the Notes”), as well as on Stellantis N.V.’s website at https://www.stellantis.com. Stellantis N.V.’s website and its content (except for 
any documents available at the links mentioned herein to the extent incorporated by reference herein) do not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of the Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that the Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, the Notes and any Guarantee thereof, have 
not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (as amended, the “Securities Act”) and are subject to United States tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States, or to or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. 
 
Amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, CNH HIBOR, SONIA or SOFR as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Market Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the register of 
administrators maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) under article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU 
Benchmarks Regulation”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Treasury Markets Association (as administrator of CNH HIBOR), the Bank of England 
(as administrator of SONIA) and The New York Federal Reserve (as administrator of SOFR) are not included in the register of administrators maintained 
by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
 
As far as each Issuer is aware, the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA) and the New York Federal Reserve (as administrator of SOFR) are outside 
the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation pursuant to Article 2 thereof and the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
apply, such that the Treasury Markets Association (as administrator of CNH HIBOR) is not currently required to obtain recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence. 
 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
 
Arrangers 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
 
 
 
 
 
Dealers 
 
 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Bradesco BBI 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
JP Morgan 
Mizuho Securities 
Natixis 
Santander Corporate and Investment Banking 
Societe Generale Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
 
BBVA 
BofA Securities 
CIC Market Solutions 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Suisse 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
ING 
Mediobanca 
Morgan Stanley 
RBC Capital Markets 
SMBC Nikko 
UniCredit 
 
 
 
The date of the Base Prospectus is March 15, 2022

--- Page 3 ---
-iii- 
 
The Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to each Issuer. 
Stellantis N.V., in its capacity as an Issuer, accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document, with the 
exception of any information in respect of FCFE. To the best of the knowledge of Stellantis N.V., the information contained 
in this document in respect of which it accepts responsibility is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely 
to affect the importance of such information. 
Stellantis N.V., in its capacity as a Guarantor, accepts responsibility only for the information contained in this document 
relating to itself and to the Guarantee (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). To the best of the knowledge 
of the Guarantor, the information contained in those parts of this document relating to itself and to the Guarantee is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the importance of such information. 
FCFE accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document, with the exception of any information in respect 
of Stellantis N.V. when Stellantis N.V. is acting as an Issuer. To the best of the knowledge of FCFE, the information contained 
in this document in respect of which it accepts responsibility is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely 
to affect the importance of such information. 
The Notes and any Guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities law 
of any U.S. state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”)), unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act or are sold pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act or such state securities laws. The Notes may be 
offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. See “Form of the Notes” for a 
description of the manner in which the Notes will be issued. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its 
possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) and the Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Copies of the Final Terms will be available at the registered office of each Issuer, at the principal executive offices of the 
Guarantor (as applicable) and the specified office set out below of each of the Paying Agents. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor has confirmed to the Dealers that the statements contained in the Base Prospectus 
(including all documents that are incorporated by reference herein — see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) relating 
(in the case of each Issuer) to such Issuer and (in the case of the Guarantor) to the Guarantor and the Guarantee are in every 
material respect true and accurate and not misleading; any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed in the Base Prospectus 
on the part of any Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material 
respect; the Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions 
or intentions (in such context) not misleading in any material respect; and all proper enquiries have been made to ascertain 
and to verify the foregoing. 
The data related to market shares or ranks in particular markets that is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus from 
pages 30 to 39 of the Stellantis 2021 Annual Report has been extracted from a variety of official, non-official and internal 
sources believed by each Issuer and the Guarantor to be reliable, including: Canada - DesRosiers Automotive consultants, 
Mexico - INEGI (Government National Institute), U.S. - Ward's Automotive (North America), National Organisation of 
Automotive Vehicles Distribution and Association of Automotive Producers (LATAM) and ANFAVEA (Associação 
Nacional dos Fabricantes de Veículos Automotores) (South America)). Each Issuer and the Guarantor confirms that such 
third-party information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by such sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.

--- Page 4 ---
-iv- 
 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a “Dealer” and together the 
“Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis. 
References in the Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. References in the Base Prospectus to 
the “relevant Issuer” shall, in relation to an issue of Notes, be to the issuer of such Notes. 
The Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). The Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are incorporated and form part of the Base Prospectus. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or 
undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by any Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus or 
any other information provided by any Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and 
none of them accepts any responsibility for any acts or omissions of either Issuer or the Guarantor or any other person in 
connection with any issue and offering of the Notes under the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by any Issuer or by the Guarantor to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with the Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by any Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes (a) is intended 
to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by any Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of the Base Prospectus, or of any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or any Notes, should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should 
make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, 
of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor. In the absence of Final Terms, neither the Base Prospectus, nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of any of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of the Base Prospectus, nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances imply 
that the information contained herein concerning the Issuers and/or the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date 
hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published audited annual financial 
statements and, if published later, the most recently published interim financial statements (if any) of the relevant Issuer and 
Guarantor when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction to 
any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of the Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers do 
not represent that the Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
In particular, no action has, to date, been taken by any Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers which would permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither the Base Prospectus nor any advertisement 
or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in

--- Page 5 ---
-v- 
 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession the Base Prospectus or any Notes may 
come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of the Base Prospectus and the offer or sale 
of Notes in the United States, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, the PRC (as defined below), Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the European Economic Area, including Belgium, Italy and the Netherlands. In particular, the Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to United States tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor and 
the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved.  
None of the Dealers, the Issuers or the Guarantor makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality 
of its investment under any applicable laws. 
Series (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009/EC (as amended, the “CRA 
Regulation”), will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, and subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the 
CRA Regulation, European regulated investors are restricted from using a credit rating for regulatory purposes if such credit 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation 
unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. United Kingdom (“UK”) regulated investors are subject 
to the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) 
(as amended, the “UK CRA Regulation”). In general, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes 
ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and registered in the UK or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK which is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. This is subject, in each case, 
to (1) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (2) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of ratings issued by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates the continued use for regulatory 
purposes in the UK, of ratings issued prior to 1 January 2021, provided that the relevant conditions are satisfied. Whether or 
not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM 
This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the UK or (ii) investment 
professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 
(the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within 
Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The Notes are only 
available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or otherwise acquire such Notes will be engaged in 
only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its 
contents.  
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a

--- Page 6 ---
-vi- 
 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules.  
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, each of the Issuers has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed 
capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS

--- Page 7 ---
-vii- 
 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).

--- Page 8 ---
-viii- 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Certain Defined Terms 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, the terms “we”, “our”, “us”, the “Company” and “Stellantis” refer to 
Stellantis N.V., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, or any one or more of them, as the context may require. References 
to “Stellantis (previously FCA Group)”, “FCA”, “FCA N.V.” or “FCA Group” refer to Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. or 
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. together with its consolidated subsidiaries, or any one or more of them, as the context may 
require. References to “PSA” or “Groupe PSA” refer to Peugeot S.A. or Peugeot S.A. together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries, or any one or more of them, as the context may require, prior to the merger. References to the “merger” refer to 
the merger between PSA and FCA completed on January 16, 2021 and resulting in the creation of Stellantis. 
 
Presentation of Financial Information 
General 
The audited annual consolidated financial statements of Stellantis (previously FCA Group) as of and for the year ended 
December 31, 2020 (the “FCA 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements”) are prepared in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), as well as IFRS 
as adopted by the European Union and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. There is no effect on the FCA 2020 
Consolidated Financial Statements resulting from the differences between IFRS as issued by the IASB and IFRS as adopted 
by the European Union. The designation “IFRS” includes International Accounting Standards (“IAS”) as well as all 
interpretations of the IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”). The FCA 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements are 
incorporated by reference herein, as described under “Documents Incorporated by Reference”. 
The audited annual consolidated financial statements of Groupe PSA as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 (the 
“PSA 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements”) are prepared in accordance with the IFRS as issued by the IASB, as well as 
IFRS as adopted by the European Union. There is no effect on the PSA 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements resulting 
from the differences between IFRS as issued by the IASB and IFRS as adopted by the European Union. The designation 
“IFRS” includes IAS as well as all interpretations of the IFRIC. The PSA 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements are 
incorporated by reference herein, as described under “Documents Incorporated by Reference”.  
In 2021, the merger was accounted for by Stellantis using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with IFRS 3, 
which requires the identification of the acquirer and the acquiree for accounting purposes. Based on the assessment of the 
indicators under IFRS 3 and consideration of all pertinent facts and circumstances, management determined that PSA is the 
acquirer for accounting purposes and as such, the merger has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition. As a result, the 
consolidated financial statements of Stellantis N.V. represent the historical financial statements of PSA. Please see Note 1, 
Principal activities and Note 3, Scope of consolidation, included in the Stellantis 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements (as 
defined below). The audited annual consolidated financial statements of Stellantis as of and for the year ended December 31, 
2021, and the related notes (the “Stellantis 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements”) are prepared in accordance with IFRS 
as issued by the IASB, as well as IFRS as adopted by the European Union. There is no effect on the Stellantis 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements resulting from differences between IFRS as issued by the IASB and IFRS as adopted by 
the European Union. The Stellantis 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements are incorporated by reference herein, as described 
under “Documents Incorporated by Reference”.  
The merger was completed on January 16, 2021. Therefore, the effects of the merger have been reflected in the consolidated 
statement of financial position of Stellantis as of December 31, 2021 included in the Stellantis 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements. The consolidated statement of comprehensive income of Stellantis included in the Stellantis 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements gives effect to the merger for the period from and including January 17, 2021. No pro forma information 
has been prepared in this respect by Stellantis for the purposes of this Base Prospectus. 
Potential investors must take into account that the Guaranteed Notes will be guaranteed only by Stellantis N.V. and that none 
of its subsidiaries will be a guarantor under any Notes issued by Stellantis N.V. or FCFE under the Programme described in 
this Base Prospectus. Similarly, no subsidiary of Stellantis N.V. will have any other obligation under any Note issued or to be 
issued by Stellantis N.V. or by any company of the Company under the Programme described in this Base Prospectus. 
All references in the Base Prospectus to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to the currency of the United States of America, 
references to “Sterling” and “£” refer to the currency of the United Kingdom, references to “CNY”, “RMB” and “Renminbi”

--- Page 9 ---
-ix- 
 
refer to the lawful currency of the PRC (as defined below), and references to “euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to the “PRC” refer to the People’s Republic of China which, for the purposes of this Base 
Prospectus, shall exclude the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (“Hong Kong”), 
the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (“Macau”) and Taiwan. 
In this Base Prospectus references to “CNY Notes” refer to Notes denominated in CNY or Renminbi deliverable in Hong 
Kong. 
In this Base Prospectus references to “CMU Notes” refer to Notes denominated in any lawful currency which the Central 
Moneymarkets Unit Service (the “CMU Service”) operated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the “HKMA”) accepts 
for settlement from time to time that are, or are intended to be, cleared through the CMU Service. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their 
original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Certain totals in the tables included in this Base Prospectus (including tables incorporated by reference) may not add due to 
rounding. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference to that 
law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the Company and its activities that do not 
represent statements of fact but are rather based on current expectations and projections of the Company in relation to future 
events, and which, by their nature, are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. Earnings estimates and projections are based 
on specific knowledge of the sector, publicly available data, and past experience. Underlying the projections are assumptions 
concerning future events and trends that are subject to uncertainty and whose actual occurrence or non-occurrence could result 
in significant variations from the projected results. These forward-looking statements relate to events and depend on 
circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future, and, as such, undue reliance should not be placed on them. 
Although each Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward-
looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, actual results may differ materially from those 
expressed in such statements as a result of a variety of factors, including, without limitation: the Company’s ability to realise 
the anticipated benefits of the merger, including cost savings, synergies and growth opportunities; the Company’s ability to 
attract and retain management personnel and other key employees; the negative impact on the Company as a result of unfilled 
semiconductor orders; business interruptions, including disruptions to the manufacturing and sale of the Company’s products 
and the provision of its services, resulting from the Covid-19 outbreak; the Company’s ability to maintain vehicle shipment 
volumes, expand certain of its brands globally and launch products successfully; changes in global financial markets, general 
economic conditions and changes in demand for automotive products, which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local 
economic and political conditions, including as a result of Brexit; changes in trade policy, the imposition of tariffs, the 
enactment of tax reforms and other changes in laws and regulations; disruptions arising from political, social and economic 
instability, or civil unrest; the Company’s ability to offer innovative, attractive products, and to develop, manufacture and sell 
vehicles with advanced features, including enhanced electrification, connectivity and automated-driving characteristics; 
various types of claims, lawsuits, governmental investigations and other contingencies, including product liability and 
warranty claims, vehicle recalls and environmental claims, investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in 
relation to compliance with environmental, health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive 
industry, which may increase due to consolidation; the Company’s ability to accurately forecast demand for its vehicles; the 
Company’s ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for its dealers and retail customers; the Company’s 
liquidity and ability to access funding to execute its business strategies and improve its business, financial condition and 
results of operations; a significant malfunction, disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems 
or the electronic control systems contained in the Company’s vehicles; the Company’s ability to realise anticipated benefits 
from joint venture arrangements in certain emerging markets; risks arising from disruptions to the Company’s dealers, 
including as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic; disruptions to the Company’s supply chain, shortages of raw materials or 
increases in the cost of raw materials and components used by the Company; developments in labour and industrial relations, 
including any work stoppages, and developments in applicable labour laws; exchange rate fluctuations, interest rate changes,

--- Page 10 ---
-x- 
 
credit risk and other market risks; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of the Company’s defined benefit pension plans; and 
other factors discussed elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, some of which are referred to in this Base Prospectus, and most of 
which are outside of the control of the Issuers, the Guarantor and/or the Company. 
Any forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Without 
prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, each Issuer and the Guarantor expressly disclaims any 
obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-looking 
statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on 
which any such forward-looking statements are based.  
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the “Stabilising Manager(s)” 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but 
it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules.

--- Page 11 ---
-11- 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................................... 12 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................................................................... 17 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................................................... 47 
FORM OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................................................................................... 49 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................................................. 52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................... 68 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................................ 117 
FIAT CHRYSLER FINANCE EUROPE .............................................................................................................................. 118 
STELLANTIS........................................................................................................................................................................ 120 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................................................... 127 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................................................................. 140 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................................ 146

--- Page 12 ---
-12- 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description must be read as an introduction to the Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in any Notes 
should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporated by reference 
therein. The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the 
applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of listed Notes 
only and if appropriate, a Base Prospectus supplement will be published. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meanings 
in this general description. 
 
Issuers: 
Stellantis N.V. 
Fiat Chrysler Finance Europe société en nom collectif, Dutch Branch 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
 
Stellantis: 
549300LKT9PW7ZIBDF31 
FCFE: 
549300WNB3BQ4638PG80 
Guarantor, in respect of 
Guaranteed Notes: 
Stellantis N.V. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the ability of each of the Issuers to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under “Risk Factors” below. There are also certain factors that may affect the 
Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee, where 
applicable. These are also set out under “Risk Factors” below. In addition, there 
are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under “Risk Factors” and include the fact that the Notes may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors, certain risks relating to the structure of particular 
Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
BNP PARIBAS and Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Bradesco BBI S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
ING Bank N.V. 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.

--- Page 13 ---
-13- 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Natixis 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
RBC Europe Limited 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH 
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme Agreement 
(as defined in “Subscription and Sale”). 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
“Subscription and Sale”) including the following restriction applicable at the 
date of the Base Prospectus: 
 
Notes issued on terms such that they must be redeemed before their first 
anniversary will, if the proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United 
Kingdom, constitute deposits for purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent (see “Subscription and 
Sale”). 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
CMU Lodging and Paying 
Agent: 
Citicorp International Limited. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €30,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuers 
and the Guarantor may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued only on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is at 
par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the Notes”.  
Clearing Systems: 
With respect to Notes (other than CMU Notes), Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Euroclear and any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. With respect to CMU Notes, the CMU Service 
operated by the HKMA. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction (as defined in the “Terms

--- Page 14 ---
-14- 
 
and Conditions of the Notes”) as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series); or  
 
(ii) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on 
such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Benchmark Event: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Independent Adviser 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any Benchmark Amendments. See 
Condition 4(c) (Interest – Benchmark Event). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot 
be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons as 
described in Condition 6(b) (Taxation – Redemption for Tax Reasons), or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the relevant Issuer and/or the Noteholders (as defined under “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”) upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes issued on terms such that they must be redeemed before their first 
anniversary may be subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution. See “Certain Restrictions” above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, save that the minimum denomination 
of each Note will be such as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the EEA will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or on 
account of withholding taxes imposed by any Relevant Tax Jurisdiction, 
subject to Condition 7 (Taxation). In the event that any such deduction is made, 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (with respect to the Guaranteed Notes) will,

--- Page 15 ---
-15- 
 
save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 7 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Change of Control: 
If a Change of Control occurs, except in certain circumstances, the relevant 
Issuer will be required to offer to repurchase the Notes at a purchase price equal 
to 101 percent of their aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid 
interest, if any, to the date of purchase. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes and any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the relevant Issuer and (subject as aforesaid) rank and will rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves, with all other present and 
future outstanding unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant 
Issuer (subject to mandatorily preferred obligations under applicable laws). 
Guarantee: 
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Guaranteed Notes and 
any related Coupons has been irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by 
the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee. The obligations of the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor and (subject as aforesaid) rank and will rank pari 
passu with all other present and future outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor (subject to mandatorily preferred 
obligations under applicable laws). 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on its regulated 
market. 
 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also 
be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to 
be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the United 
States, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, the PRC, Switzerland, the 
United Kingdom and the EEA (including the Netherlands, Italy and Belgium, 
for which there are specific restrictions additional to the EEA restrictions) and 
such other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes. In particular, the Notes and any Guarantee 
thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and 
are subject to United States tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
the Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States, or to 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States 
persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S.

--- Page 16 ---
-16- 
 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder.

--- Page 17 ---
-17- 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and none of the 
Issuers or the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any contingency occurring. 
In addition, factors that are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme are also described below. 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of any Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest, principal or 
other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks 
by the Issuers and the Guarantor based on information currently available to them or reasons which they may not currently 
be able to anticipate and none of the Issuers or the Guarantor represents that the statements below regarding the risks of 
holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in the 
Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Factors that may affect the ability of the Issuers and the Guarantor to fulfil their obligations under the Notes  
Risks related to the Company’s Business, Strategy and Operations 
The Company may continue to experience a negative impact on its operations as a result of unfilled semiconductor 
orders. 
The Company’s ability to manufacture vehicles depends on continued access to semiconductors and components that 
incorporate semiconductors and the Company depends upon third parties to supply these semiconductors and related 
components. Many of the key semiconductors used in its vehicles come from limited or single sources of supply. 
In 2020, the Company began experiencing a significant semiconductor supply shortage as a result of unfilled orders, which 
has resulted in increased chip delivery lead times, reduced vehicle production volumes, and increased costs to source 
available semiconductors. The Company’s overall vehicle shipment volumes in 2021 were significantly impacted by 
unfulfilled semiconductor orders, representing a loss of approximately 20 percent of its planned production. The Company 
has continued to experience a negative impact in early 2022 and expects conditions to improve, but remain challenging, 
throughout the year. 
To the extent such unfilled orders continue or worsen, and the Company is unable to mitigate its effects, the Company’s 
ability to deliver its planned quantities of vehicles will continue to be adversely affected, which may have a material adverse 
effect on its results of operations and financial condition. 
The Company may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of the merger. 
Before the closing of the merger on January 16, 2021, FCA and PSA operated independently as separate companies. The 
success of the merger will depend, in part, on the Company’s ability to realize the anticipated cost savings, synergies, growth 
opportunities and other benefits from combining the businesses. The achievement of the anticipated benefits of the merger 
is subject to a number of uncertainties, including general competitive factors in the marketplace and whether the Company 
is able to integrate the businesses of FCA and PSA in an efficient and effective manner and establish and implement effective 
operational principles and procedures. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases 
in the Company’s revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy, and could materially impact the Company’s 
business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations. If the Company is not able to successfully achieve these 
objectives, the anticipated cost savings, synergies, growth opportunities and other benefits that the Company expects to 
achieve as a result of the merger may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer than expected to realize. 
The Company has devoted, and will need to continue to devote, significant management attention and resources to 
integrating the business practices and operations of FCA and PSA. Potential difficulties that the Company may encounter 
as part of the integration process include complexities associated with managing the Company’s business, such as difficulty 
integrating manufacturing processes, systems and technology, in a seamless manner, as well as integration of the FCA and 
PSA workforces. The Company has also incurred significant costs associated with the transaction, including the migration 
of the Company’s headquarters to the Netherlands, and expects to continue to incur significant costs in the future. In addition,

--- Page 18 ---
-18- 
 
the integration of FCA’s and PSA’s businesses may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, capital investments and 
financial risks, such as the incurrence of unexpected write-offs, the possible effect of adverse tax treatments and 
unanticipated or unknown liabilities relating to FCA, PSA or the merger. All of these factors could decrease or delay the 
expected accretive effect of the merger. 
It is possible that the integration process could take longer or be more costly than anticipated or could result in the loss of 
key employees, the disruption of ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that 
adversely affect the Company’s ability to maintain relationships with suppliers, customers and employees, achieve the 
anticipated benefits of the merger or maintain quality standards. An inability to realize the full extent of, or any of, the 
anticipated benefits of the merger, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, could have an adverse effect 
on the Company’s business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations, which may affect the relevant Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
The coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic could continue to disrupt the manufacture and sale of the Company’s products 
and the provision of the Company’s services and adversely impact the Company’s business. 
On March 11, 2020, the Covid-19 outbreak was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization, leading to 
government-imposed quarantines, travel restrictions, “stay-at-home” orders and similar mandates for many individuals to 
substantially restrict daily activities and for businesses to curtail or cease normal operations. The impact of Covid-19, 
including changes in consumer behavior, pandemic fears and market downturns, as well as restrictions on business and 
individual activities, led to a global economic slowdown and a significant decrease in demand in the global automotive 
market, followed by a dramatic but uneven increase in economic activity and automotive market demand when restrictions 
were lifted. 
Covid-19 related disruptions have had a significant negative impact on, and may continue to negatively impact, the 
Company’s supply chain and the availability and price at which the Company is able to source components and raw materials 
globally, which could reduce the number of vehicles the Company will be able to sell. The Company may not be able to 
pass on future increases in the price of components and raw materials to its customers, which may adversely impact the 
Company’s results of operations. Furthermore, the long-term impact of the Covid-19 pandemic may lead to financial distress 
for the Company’s suppliers or dealers, as a result of which they may have to permanently discontinue or substantially 
reduce their operations. The Company expects that the economic uncertainty and higher unemployment may result in higher 
defaults in the Company’s consumer financing portfolio and prolonged unemployment may negatively impact demand for 
both new and used vehicles. These and other factors arising from the Covid-19 pandemic have had, and could continue to 
have, a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, as 
government restrictions on movement and business operations vary between jurisdictions and regions, even if measures are 
not mandated by law or regulation, the Company may still elect to shut down some, or all, of its production sites and other 
facilities, either in the event of an outbreak of Covid-19 among the Company’s employees, or as a preventive measure to 
contain the spread of the virus and protect the health of the Company’s workforce and their respective communities. Such 
restrictions on movement and business operations may be reimposed by governments in response to future recurrences or 
“waves” of the outbreak. For example, in late 2021 and early 2022, to combat the spread of the Omicron variant, several 
governments reimposed a range of restrictive measures. Future developments in the pandemic cannot be predicted. 
In addition, future government-sponsored liquidity or stimulus programs in response to the Covid-19 pandemic may not be 
available to the Company’s customers, suppliers, dealers, or the Company, and if available, the terms may be unattractive 
or may be insufficient to address the impact of Covid-19. 
The extent to which the Covid-19 pandemic will impact the Company’s results will depend on the scale, duration, severity 
and geographic reach of future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. The ultimate impact of 
the Covid-19 outbreak will depend on the length and severity of restrictions on business and individuals, the pandemic’s 
impact on customers, dealers, and suppliers, whether and how quickly normal economic conditions, operations and demand 
for vehicles resume, any permanent behavioral changes that the pandemic may cause, including with respect to remote work, 
and any future actions to mitigate the impact of the pandemic, whether government mandated or elected by the Company.  
The future impact of Covid-19 developments will be greater if the regions and markets that are most profitable for the 
Company are particularly affected. See “If the Company’s vehicle shipment volumes deteriorate further, particularly 
shipments of pickup trucks and larger sport utility vehicles in the U.S. market, and overall shipments of vehicles in the 
European market, the Company’s results of operations and financial condition will suffer”. These disruptions could have a 
material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the Covid-19

--- Page 19 ---
-19- 
 
pandemic may exacerbate many of the other risks described in this Base Prospectus, including, but not limited to, the general 
economic conditions in which the Company operates, increases in the cost of raw materials and components and disruptions 
to the Company’s supply chain and liquidity. 
If the Company’s vehicle shipment volumes deteriorate further, particularly shipments of pickup trucks and larger sport 
utility vehicles in the U.S. market, and overall shipments of vehicles in the European market, the Company’s results of 
operations and financial condition will suffer. 
As is typical for automotive manufacturers, the Company has significant fixed costs primarily due to the Company’s 
substantial investment in product development, property, plant and equipment and the requirements of collective bargaining 
agreements and other applicable labor relations regulations. As a result, changes in certain vehicle shipment volumes could 
have a disproportionately large effect on the Company’s profitability. The Company’s overall vehicle shipments volumes 
were significantly impacted in 2021 and early 2022 due to unfilled semiconductor orders, representing a loss of 
approximately 20 percent of the Company’s planned production in 2021. Although the Company has largely been able to 
maintain shipment volumes of pickup trucks and larger sport utility vehicles (“SUVs”) in North America, overall volumes 
in Europe were significantly lower in 2021 than in 2020. 
The Company’s profitability in North America, a region which historically contributed a majority of FCA’s profit, is 
particularly dependent on demand for pickup trucks and larger SUVs. Pickup trucks and larger SUVs have historically been 
more profitable than other vehicles and accounted for approximately 82 percent of FCA’s total U.S. retail vehicle shipments 
in 2021. A shift in consumer demand away from these vehicles within the North America region, and towards compact and 
mid-size passenger cars, whether in response to higher fuel prices or other factors, could adversely affect the Company’s 
profitability. Dependence on pickup trucks and larger SUVs in North America is expected to continue. 
Historically, PSA’s operating results reflected a dependence on European markets, which increased with the purchase of the 
Opel and Vauxhall brands in August 2017. In 2021, the Company generated a significant percentage of its profits and 39 
percent of its revenues in the Enlarged Europe Region (which includes the 27 members of the European Union, the United 
Kingdom and the members of the European Free Trade Association). Therefore, the Company is significantly exposed to a 
slowdown or downturn in economic conditions in Europe, as well as enhanced competition in, or a deterioration of, the 
European vehicle market, that would trigger a decline in vehicle shipments in that market. In addition, the Company’s larger 
vehicles, such as SUVs, tend to be priced higher and be more profitable on a per vehicle basis than smaller vehicles, both 
across and within vehicle lines. In recent years, the profitability of these models has been supported by strong consumer 
preference for SUVs, but there is no guarantee that this trend will continue in the future. 
Moreover, the Company operates with negative working capital as it generally receives payment for vehicles within a few 
days of shipment, whereas there is a lag between the time when parts and materials are received from suppliers and when 
the Company pays for such parts and materials. Accordingly, in periods in which vehicle shipments decline materially, the 
Company may suffer a significant negative impact on cash flow and liquidity as it continues to pay suppliers for components 
purchased in a high-volume environment during a period in which it receives lower proceeds from vehicle shipments. If 
vehicle shipments decline, or if they were to fall short of the Company’s assumptions, due to a downturn in economic 
conditions, changes in consumer confidence, geopolitical events, inability to produce sufficient quantities of certain vehicles, 
enhanced competition in certain markets, loss of market share, limited access to financing or other factors, such decline or 
shortfall could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company’s business may be adversely affected by global financial markets, general economic conditions, 
enforcement of government incentive programs, and geopolitical volatility as well as other macro developments over 
which the Company has little or no control. 
With operations worldwide, the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by 
macroeconomic factors within the various countries in which the Company operates, including changes in gross domestic 
product, the level of consumer and business confidence, changes in interest rates for, or availability of, consumer and 
business credit, the rate of unemployment, foreign currency controls and changes in exchange rates, as well as geopolitical 
risks, such as government instability, social unrest, the rise of nationalism and populism and disputes between sovereign 
states. 
The Company is subject to other risks, such as increases in energy and fuel prices and fluctuations in prices of raw materials, 
including as a result of tariffs or other protectionist measures, changes to vehicle purchase incentive programs, and 
contractions in infrastructure spending in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. In addition, these factors may

--- Page 20 ---
-20- 
 
also have an adverse effect on the Company’s ability to fully utilize its industrial capacity in some of the jurisdictions in 
which the Company operates. Unfavorable developments in any one or a combination of these risks (which may vary from 
country to country) could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations and on the Company’s ability to execute planned strategies. For further discussion of risks related to the 
automotive industry, see “Risk Factors – Risks Related to the Industry in which the Company Operates”. 
The Company has operations in a number of emerging markets, including Turkey, China, Brazil, Argentina, India and Russia 
and is particularly susceptible to risks relating to local political conditions in these markets. For example, although it is not 
expected to have a direct material impact on the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations, the 
Company cannot reliably predict the direct or indirect impact that current Russian military activities in Ukraine or any 
related international sanctions may have on its operations. The Company is also subject to import and/or export restrictions 
(including the imposition of tariffs on raw materials and components the Company procures and on the vehicles the 
Company sells), and compliance with local laws and regulations in these markets. For example, in Brazil, the Company has 
historically received certain tax benefits and other government grants, that favorably affected the Company’s results of 
operations which, if not further extended, would expire at the end of 2025. Expiration of these tax benefits and government 
grants without their renewal or any change in the amount of such tax benefits or government grants could have a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company is also subject to other risks inherent to operating globally. For a discussion of certain tax-related risks related 
to the Company operating globally, see “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Taxation – The Company is subject to tax laws and 
treaties of numerous jurisdictions. Future changes to such laws or treaties could adversely affect the Company. In addition, 
the interpretation of these laws and treaties is subject to challenge by the relevant governmental authorities”. European 
developments in data and digital taxation may also negatively affect some of the Company’s autonomous driving and 
infotainment connected services. Unfavorable developments in any one or a combination of these risk areas (which may 
vary from country to country) could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations and on the Company’s ability to execute planned strategies.  
Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement became 
effective on a provisional basis on January 1, 2021 and entered into force on May 1, 2021. Under the terms of the EU-UK 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement, exports of motor vehicles and parts between the European Union and the United 
Kingdom are exempt from tariffs, to the extent the goods comply with certain “rules of origin” (i.e. if the goods contain a 
sufficient quantity of European Union or United Kingdom inputs). Despite the implementation of the EU-UK Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement, there remains significant uncertainty as to how Brexit will affect relations between the United 
Kingdom and the EU and the Company continues to assess the full impact of the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement 
on its operations and on the Company’s supply chain. The application of the rules of origin may result in increased costs for 
the Company or its suppliers (which, in turn, they would seek to pass on to the Company), and difficulties in the procurement 
of parts. In addition, the new customs procedures set forth in the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement result in 
increased complexity, with full import controls for goods being imported from the European Union to the United Kingdom 
expected to be gradually introduced by the United Kingdom throughout 2022. The introduction of full import controls for 
goods being imported from the European Union to the United Kingdom could increase the Company’s costs of 
manufacturing in the United Kingdom or importing vehicles to the United Kingdom that are manufactured in the European 
Union, which could have a material adverse effect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
While the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement provides clarity with respect to the intended relationship between the 
European Union and the United Kingdom going forward, negotiations are expected to continue in relation to the details of 
such relationship in certain areas which are not covered by the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement. The long term 
effects of Brexit will depend on the effects of the implementation and application of the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement and any other relevant agreements between the United Kingdom and the European Union. The foregoing could 
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
In recent years, there has been a significant increase in activity and speculation regarding tariffs and other barriers to trade 
imposed between governments in various regions, in particular the U.S. and its trading partners, China and the European 
Union. For example, the Company manufactures a significant number of its vehicles outside the U.S. (particularly in Canada, 
Mexico and Italy) for import into the U.S. The Company also manufactures vehicles in the U.S. that are exported to China. 
Tariffs or duties that impact the Company’s products could reduce consumer demand, make the Company’s products less 
profitable or the cost of required raw materials more expensive or delay or limit the Company’s access to these raw materials, 
each of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 21 ---
-21- 
 
In addition, an escalation in tariff or duty activity between the U.S. and its major trading partners could negatively impact 
global economic activity, which could in turn reduce demand for the Company’s products. 
The Company’s future performance depends on its ability to offer innovative, attractive and relevant products. 
The Company’s success depends on, among other things, its ability to develop innovative, high-quality products that are 
attractive to consumers and provide adequate profitability. The Company may not be able to effectively compete with other 
automakers with regard to electrification, autonomous driving, mobility, artificial intelligence and other emerging trends in 
the industry.  
In 2021, the Company announced plans to make significant investments in electrification and set aggressive targets for 
future low-emission vehicle shipments. If the Company is unable to deliver a broad portfolio of electrified vehicles that are 
competitively priced and meet consumer demands, if consumers prefer its competitors’ electrified vehicles or if the adoption 
of electrified vehicles develops slower than the Company expects, the Company may experience a material adverse effect 
on its business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company faces challenges developing electrified vehicles 
with increased vehicle range and battery energy density and the Company may not successfully invest in new technologies 
that enable it to develop competitive electrified vehicles relative to its peers. In addition, the availability of electric and plug-
in hybrid vehicles has fueled highly competitive pricing among automakers in order to win market share, which may 
significantly and adversely affect profits with respect to the sale of such vehicles. Furthermore, technological capabilities 
acquired through costly investment may prove short-lived, for example, if technology and vehicle capability progresses 
more quickly than expected. Vehicle electrification may also negatively affect after-sales revenues. 
In certain cases, the technologies that the Company plans to employ are not yet commercially practical and depend on 
significant future technological advances by the Company, its partners and suppliers. These advances may not occur in a 
timely or feasible manner, the Company may not obtain rights to use these technologies and the funds that the Company has 
budgeted or expended for these purposes may not be adequate. Further, the Company’s competitors and others are pursuing 
similar and other competing technologies, and they may acquire and implement similar or superior technologies sooner than 
the Company will or on an exclusive basis or at a significant cost advantage. Even where the Company is able to develop 
competitive technologies, it may not be able to profit from such developments as anticipated.  
Further, as a result of the extended product development cycle and inherent difficulty in predicting consumer acceptance, a 
vehicle that is expected to be attractive may not generate sales in sufficient quantities and at high enough prices to be 
profitable. It can take several years to design and develop a new vehicle, and a number of factors may lengthen that schedule. 
For example, if the Company determines that a safety or emissions defect, mechanical defect or non-compliance with 
regulation exists with respect to a vehicle model prior to retail launch, the launch of such vehicle could be delayed until the 
Company remedies the defect or non-compliance. Various elements may also contribute to consumers’ acceptance of new 
vehicle designs, including competitors’ product introductions, fuel prices, general economic conditions and changes in 
consumer preferences. In addition, vehicles the Company develops in order to comply with government regulations, 
particularly those related to fuel efficiency, greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions standards, may not be attractive to 
consumers or may not generate sales in sufficient quantities and at high enough prices to be profitable. 
If the Company fails to develop products that contain desirable technologies and are attractive to and accepted by consumers, 
the residual value of the Company’s vehicles could be negatively impacted. In addition, the increasing pace of inclusion of 
new innovations and technologies in the Company’s and its competitors’ vehicles could also negatively impact the residual 
value of the Company’s vehicles. A deterioration in residual value could increase the cost that consumers pay to lease the 
Company’s vehicles or increase the amount of subvention payments that the Company makes to support its leasing programs. 
The failure to develop and offer innovative, attractive and relevant products on a timely basis could have a material adverse 
effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company’s success largely depends on the ability of its management team to operate and manage effectively and the 
Company’s ability to attract and retain experienced management and employees. 
The Company’s success largely depends on the ability of its senior executives and other members of management to 
effectively manage the Company and individual areas of the business. The Company’s management team is critical to the 
execution of the Company’s direction and the implementation of its strategies. In particular, current employees may be 
dissatisfied with their roles within Stellantis following the merger integration, which may have an adverse effect on the

--- Page 22 ---
-22- 
 
Company’s ability to retain management and other key personnel. The Company may not be able to replace these individuals 
with persons of equivalent experience and capabilities.  
Attracting and retaining qualified and experienced personnel in each of the Company’s regions is critical to the Company’s 
competitive position in the automotive industry. For example, the Company’s ability to attract and retain qualified software 
engineers is critical to the Company’s software strategy announced in December 2021. 
An overall labor shortage, caused by the Covid-19 pandemic or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could further 
challenge its ability to attract and retain key personnel. If the Company is unable to find adequate replacements or to attract, 
retain and incentivise senior executives, other key employees or new qualified personnel, such inability could have a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company may be unsuccessful in efforts to increase the growth of some of its brands that the Company believes 
have global appeal and reach, which could have material adverse effects on the Company’s business. 
Historically, FCA experienced challenges in expanding the product range and global sales of certain brands, in particular, 
Alfa Romeo. PSA experienced challenges with respect to the visibility of its brands in China and Russia, which led to 
reduced sales for PSA’s products in those markets. In addition, the Company may not be successful in positioning its DS 
brand as a premium brand in light of competition from established premium brands that benefit from favorable reputations 
and significant marketing budgets. 
The Company intends to focus on volume growth and margin expansion strategies, which include the renewal of key 
products, the launch of white-space products, the implementation of various electrified powertrain applications and 
partnerships relating to the development of autonomous driving technologies. The Company’s strategies continue to require 
significant investments in products, powertrains, production facilities, marketing and distribution networks. If the Company 
is unable to achieve its volume growth and margin expansion goals, the Company may be unable to earn a sufficient return 
on these investments, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. The Company’s growth and investment strategy may also be adversely impacted by future potential 
developments of the Covid-19 pandemic. See “Risk Factors - Factors that may affect the ability of the Issuers and the 
Guarantor to fulfil their obligations under the Notes –The coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic could continue to disrupt the 
manufacture and sale of the Company’s products and the provision of the Company’s services and adversely impact the 
Company’s business”. 
Labor laws and collective bargaining agreements with the Company’s labor unions could impact the Company’s ability 
to increase the efficiency of its operations, and the Company may be subject to work stoppages in the event it is unable 
to agree on collective bargaining agreement terms or have other disagreements. 
Substantially all of the Company’s production employees are represented by trade unions, covered by collective bargaining 
agreements or protected by applicable labor relations regulations that may restrict the Company’s ability to modify 
operations and reduce personnel costs quickly in response to changes in market conditions and demand for the Company’s 
products. As of December 31, 2021, approximately 87 percent of the Company’s employees were covered by collective 
bargaining agreements. These and other provisions in the Company’s collective bargaining agreements may impede the 
Company’s ability to restructure its business successfully in order to compete more effectively, especially with automakers 
whose employees are not represented by trade unions or are subject to less stringent regulations, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the Company may be 
subject to work stoppages in the event that the Company and its labor unions are unable to agree on collective bargaining 
agreement terms or have other disagreements. Any such work stoppage could have a material adverse effect on the 
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
If the Company fails to accurately forecast demand for its vehicles, the Company’s profitability may be affected. 
The Company takes steps to improve efficiency in its manufacturing, supply chain and logistics processes. This includes 
planning production based on sales forecasts, and in particular producing certain vehicle models with specified features 
based on forecasted dealer and end customer orders, which is expected to allow the Company to more efficiently and cost 
effectively manage its supply chain. This practice may result in higher finished goods inventory in certain periods when the 
Company anticipates increased dealer and end customer orders. Further, while it is expected that the Company’s analytical 
tools should enable it to align production with dealer and end customer orders, if such orders do not meet the Company’s 
forecasts, the Company’s profitability on these vehicles may be affected.

--- Page 23 ---
-23- 
 
The Company’s reliance on partnerships in order to offer consumers and dealers financing and leasing services exposes 
it to risks, including that the Company’s competitors may be able to offer consumers and dealers financing and leasing 
services on better terms than the Company’s consumers and dealers are able to obtain. 
The Company’s dealers enter into wholesale financing arrangements to purchase vehicles from the Company to hold in 
inventory and facilitate retail sales, and retail consumers use a variety of finance and lease programs to acquire vehicles. 
Unlike many of the Company’s competitors, the Company does not own and operate a wholly owned finance company 
dedicated solely to the Company’s mass-market vehicle operations in the majority of key markets in Europe, Asia and South 
America. In addition, although the Company is in the process of establishing a captive finance company in the U.S., it does 
not yet have a fully operational wholly owned provider in that market. The Company instead partners with specialised 
financial services providers through joint ventures and commercial agreements with third parties, including third party 
financial institutions, in order to provide financing to the Company’s dealers and retail consumers. The Company’s lack of 
a wholly owned finance company in these key markets may increase the risk that the Company’s dealers and retail consumers 
will not have access to sufficient financing on acceptable terms, which may adversely affect the Company’s vehicle sales in 
the future. 
Furthermore, many of the Company’s competitors are better able to implement financing programs designed to maximize 
vehicle sales in a manner that optimizes profitability for them and their finance companies on an aggregate basis. Since the 
Company’s ability to compete depends on access to appropriate sources of financing for dealers and retail consumers, the 
Company’s reliance on partnerships in those markets could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Potential capital constraints may impair the financial services providers’ ability to provide competitive financing products 
to the Company’s dealers and retail consumers. For example, any financial services provider, including the Company’s joint 
ventures and controlled finance companies, will also face other demands on its capital, including the need or desire to satisfy 
funding requirements for dealers or consumers of the Company’s competitors as well as liquidity issues relating to other 
investments. Furthermore, they may be subject to regulatory changes that may increase their cost of capital or capital 
requirements. 
To the extent that a financial services provider is unable or unwilling to provide sufficient financing at competitive rates to 
the Company’s dealers and retail consumers, such dealers and retail consumers may not have sufficient access to financing 
to purchase or lease vehicles. As a result, the Company’s vehicle sales and market share may suffer, which could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company’s establishment of a captive financial services company in the U.S. will subject the Company to the risks 
inherent in that business. 
In 2021, the Company announced the completion of its acquisition of a financial services company in the U.S., and its intent 
to grow it into a full-service captive finance arm, named Stellantis Financial Services US Corp., that will provide U.S. 
customers, dealers and partners with a complete range of financing options. The growth and maintenance of a U.S. captive 
financial services company will subject the Company to the risks inherent in such business, including reliance on public 
debt markets to provide the capital necessary to support its financing programs, underwriting risk, default risk, compliance 
with laws and regulations related to consumer lending and competition with other consumer finance companies and third-
party financial institutions.  
The Company faces risks related to changes in product distribution methods. 
The Company is exposed to risks inherent in certain new methods of distribution, including the digitalization of points of 
sale and, more broadly, the transformation of the Company’s sales network in order to respond to developing trends in the 
automotive industry such as consumers’ shift towards online sales, and the use of digital tools that are altering the 
relationship between brands and customers. Delays in the digital transformation of distribution methods, both at points of 
sale and in sales networks, as well as increased costs, whether as a result of the transformation of the Company’s sales 
network or new distribution methods, could impact the Company’s ability to effectively compete with other automakers. In 
addition, the Company’s employees may lack the necessary skills or training to implement or utilize such new distribution 
methods. Changes in the Company’s product distribution methods may also lengthen the timing or pattern of when the 
Company recognizes revenue and increase the Company’s working capital requirements. If there is a delay or failure to 
implement new distribution methods or such transitions are not successful, there may be a material adverse effect on the 
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 24 ---
-24- 
 
A significant security breach compromising the electronic control systems contained in the Company’s vehicles could 
damage its reputation, disrupt its business and adversely impact the Company’s ability to compete. 
The Company’s vehicles, as well as vehicles manufactured by other original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”), contain 
complex systems that control various vehicle processes including engine, transmission, safety, steering, brakes, window and 
door lock functions. These electronic control systems, which are increasingly connected to external cloud-based systems, 
are susceptible to cybercrime, including threats of intentional disruptions, loss of control over the vehicle, loss of 
functionality or services and theft of personal information. These disruptions are likely to increase in terms of sophistication 
and frequency as the level of connectivity and autonomy in the Company’s vehicles increases. In addition, the Company 
may rely on third parties for connectivity and automation technology and services, including for the collection of the 
Company’s customers’ data. These third parties could unlawfully resell or otherwise misuse such information, or suffer data 
breaches. A significant malfunction, disruption or security breach compromising the electronic control systems contained 
in the Company’s vehicles could damage its reputation, expose it to significant liability and could have a material adverse 
effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
A significant malfunction, disruption or security breach compromising the operation of the Company’s information 
technology systems could damage the Company’s reputation, disrupt its business and adversely impact the Company’s 
ability to compete. 
The Company’s ability to keep its business operating effectively depends on the functional and efficient operation of its 
information, data processing and telecommunications systems, including the Company’s vehicle design, manufacturing, 
inventory tracking and billing and payment systems, as well as other central information systems and applications, employee 
workstations and other IT equipment. In addition, the Company’s vehicles are increasingly connected to external cloud-
based systems while the Company’s industrial facilities have become more computerized. The Company’s systems are 
susceptible to cybercrime and are regularly the target of threats from third parties, which could result in data theft, loss of 
control of data processed in an external cloud, compromised IT networks and stoppages in operations. In addition, the 
majority of the Company’s office personnel moved to a “remote work” model in response to the Covid-19 pandemic and 
full- or part-time remote work is now expected to be a permanent option for this personnel. Remote work relies heavily on 
the use of remote networking and online conferencing services, which exposes the Company to additional cybersecurity 
risks. 
 A significant or large-scale malfunction or interruption of any one of the Company’s computer or data processing systems, 
including through the exploitation of a weakness in the Company’s systems or the systems of its suppliers or service 
providers, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s ability to manage and keep its manufacturing and other 
operations running effectively, and may damage the Company’s reputation. A malfunction or security breach that results in 
a wide or sustained disruption to the Company’s business could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
In addition to supporting the Company’s operations, its systems collect and store confidential and sensitive data, including 
information about the Company’s business, consumers and employees. As technology continues to evolve, it is expected 
that the Company will collect and store even more data in the future and that its systems will increasingly use remote 
communication features that are sensitive to both willful and unintentional security breaches. Much of the Company’s value 
is derived from its confidential business information, including vehicle design, proprietary technology and trade secrets, and 
to the extent the confidentiality of such information is compromised, the Company may lose its competitive advantage and 
its vehicle shipments may suffer. The Company also collects, retains and uses personal information, including data gathered 
from consumers for product development and marketing purposes, and data obtained from employees. In the event of a 
breach in security that allows third parties access to this personal information, the Company will be subject to a variety of 
laws on a global basis that could require it to provide notification to the data owners and subject the Company to lawsuits, 
fines and other means of regulatory enforcement. 
For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) has increased the 
stringency of European Union data protection requirements and related penalties. Non-compliance with the GDPR can result 
in fines of the higher of €20 million or four percent of annual worldwide revenue. In addition, the California Consumer 
Privacy Act of 2018 became effective on January 1, 2020 and provides California residents with new data privacy rights. 
Several other U.S. states and additional countries where the Company does business, are considering adopting laws and 
regulations imposing obligations regarding the handling of personal data. Complying with any new data protection-related 
regulatory requirements could force the Company to incur substantial expenses or require it to change its business practices 
in a manner that has a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 25 ---
-25- 
 
The Company’s reputation could also suffer in the event of a data breach, which could cause consumers to purchase their 
vehicles from the Company’s competitors. Ultimately, any significant compromise in the integrity of the Company’s data 
security could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company’s reliance on joint arrangements in certain emerging markets may adversely affect the development of its 
business in those regions. 
The Company operates, or expects to expand its presence, in emerging markets, such as China and India, through 
partnerships and joint ventures. For instance, the Company operates the GAC FCA joint venture with Guangzhou 
Automobiles Group Co., Ltd., which locally produces the Jeep Cherokee, Jeep Renegade, Jeep Compass, Jeep Grand 
Commander and Jeep Commander PHEV (plug-in hybrid electric vehicle) primarily for the Chinese market, expanding the 
portfolio of Jeep SUVs currently available to Chinese consumers. Similarly, the Company operates a joint venture in China 
with Dongfeng Motor Group, namely Dongfeng Peugeot Citroën Automobile (“DPCA”), which manufactures vehicles 
under the Dongfeng Peugeot and Dongfeng Citroën brands in China, and Dongfeng Peugeot Citroën Automobile Sales Co, 
which markets the vehicles produced by DPCA in China. In India, the Company has a joint operation with TATA Motors 
Limited for the production of certain of the Company’s vehicles, engines and transmissions and joint ventures with CK Birla 
Group for the manufacture of vehicles and powertrains. 
Although the Company’s sales in the markets where these arrangements exist are currently limited, its ability to grow in 
these markets is important to the Company’s strategy and any issues with these arrangements may adversely affect those 
growth prospects. The Company’s reliance on joint arrangements to enter or expand its presence in emerging markets may 
expose the Company to the risk of disagreement with its joint arrangement partners and the need to divert management 
resources to oversee these arrangements. Further, as these arrangements require cooperation with third party partners, these 
joint arrangements may not be able to make decisions as quickly as the Company would if it were operating on its own or 
may take actions that are different from what the Company would do on a standalone basis in light of the need to consider 
its partners’ interests. As a result, the Company may be less able to respond timely to changes in market dynamics, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks Related to the Industry in which the Company Operates 
The automotive industry is highly competitive and cyclical, and the Company may suffer from those factors more than 
some of its competitors. 
Substantially all of the Company’s revenues are generated in the automotive industry, which is highly competitive and 
cyclical, encompassing the production and distribution of passenger cars, light commercial vehicles and components and 
systems. The Company faces competition from other international passenger car and light commercial vehicle manufacturers 
and distributors and components suppliers in Europe, North America, Latin America, the Middle East, Africa and the Asia 
Pacific region. These markets are all highly competitive in terms of product quality, innovation, the introduction of new 
technologies, response to new regulatory requirements, pricing, fuel economy, reliability, safety, consumer service and 
financial or software services offered. Some of the Company’s competitors are also better capitalized than the Company is 
and command larger market shares, which may enable them to compete more effectively in these markets. In addition, the 
Company is exposed to the risk of new entrants in the automotive market, which may have technological, marketing and 
other capabilities, or financial resources, that are superior to those of the Company and of other traditional automobile 
manufacturers and may disrupt the industry in a way that is detrimental to the Company. In particular, the Company is 
exposed to risks from non-OEM startup technology companies that may enter into alliances with the Company’s competitors 
and enable them to introduce disruptive solutions, as well as risks from startup OEMs that are increasingly able to access 
public capital markets through initial public offerings or business combinations with special purpose acquisition companies. 
If the Company’s competitors are able to successfully integrate with one another or enter into significant partnerships with 
non-OEM technology companies, or if new competitors emerge as a result of the increased flow of capital toward potentially 
disruptive OEMs, and the Company is not able to adapt effectively to increased competition, the Company’s competitors’ 
integration or the emergence of new significant competitors could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
In the automotive business, sales to consumers and fleet customers are cyclical and subject to changes in the general 
condition of the economy, the readiness of consumers and fleet customers to buy and their ability to obtain financing, as 
well as the possible introduction of measures by governments to stimulate demand, particularly related to new technologies 
(for example, technologies related to compliance with evolving emissions regulations). The automotive industry is

--- Page 26 ---
-26- 
 
characterized by the constant renewal of product offerings through frequent launches of new models and the incorporation 
of new technologies in those models. A negative trend in the automotive industry or the Company’s inability to adapt 
effectively to external market conditions, coupled with more limited capital than the Company’s principal competitors, could 
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Intense competition, excess global manufacturing capacity and the proliferation of new products being introduced in key 
segments is expected to continue to put downward pressure on inflation-adjusted vehicle prices and contribute to a 
challenging pricing environment in the automotive industry for the foreseeable future. In the event that industry shipments 
decrease and overcapacity intensifies, the Company’s competitors may attempt to make their vehicles more attractive or less 
expensive to consumers by adding vehicle enhancements, providing subsidised financing or leasing programs, or by 
reducing vehicle prices whether directly or by offering option package discounts, price rebates or other sales incentives in 
certain markets. Manufacturers in countries that have lower production costs may also choose to export lower-cost 
automobiles to more established markets. In addition, the Company’s profitability depends in part on its ability to adjust 
pricing to reflect increasing technological costs (see “Risk Factors – Factors that may affect the ability of the Issuers and 
the Guarantor to fulfil their obligations under the Notes – The Company’s future performance depends on its ability to offer 
innovative, attractive and relevant products”). An increase in any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the 
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Vehicle retail sales depend heavily on affordable interest rates and availability of credit for vehicle financing and a 
substantial increase in interest rates could adversely affect the Company’s business. 
In certain regions, including Europe and North America, financing for new vehicle sales has been available at relatively low 
interest rates for several years due to, among other things, expansive government monetary policies. If interest rates rise, 
market rates for new vehicle financing will generally be expected to rise as well, which may make the Company’s vehicles 
less affordable to retail consumers or steer consumers to less expensive vehicles that would be less profitable for the 
Company, adversely affecting its financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if consumer interest rates 
increase substantially or if financial service providers tighten lending standards or restrict their lending to certain classes of 
credit, consumers may not desire or be able to obtain financing to purchase or lease the Company’s vehicles. If recent and 
ongoing increases in inflation in key markets persist, there could be subsequent increases in the cost of borrowing and 
decreased availability of affordable credit for vehicle financing. Furthermore, because purchasers of the Company’s vehicles 
may be relatively more sensitive to changes in the availability and adequacy of financing and macroeconomic conditions, 
the Company’s vehicle sales may be disproportionately affected by changes in financing conditions relative to the vehicle 
sales of its competitors. As a result, a substantial increase in consumer interest rates or tightening of lending standards could 
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company faces risks associated with increases in costs, disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials, parts, 
components and systems used in the Company’s vehicles. 
The Company uses a variety of raw materials in its business, including steel, aluminum, lead, polymers, elastomers, resin 
and copper, and precious metals such as platinum, palladium and rhodium, as well as electricity and natural gas. Also, as 
the Company begins to implement various electrified powertrain applications throughout its portfolio, the Company will 
also depend on a significant supply of lithium, nickel and cobalt, which are used in lithium-ion batteries. The prices for these 
raw materials fluctuate, and market conditions can affect the Company’s ability to manage its costs. Increased market power 
of raw material suppliers may contribute to such prices increasing. Additionally, as production of electric vehicles increases, 
the Company may face shortages of raw materials and lithium cells and be forced to pay higher prices to obtain them. The 
Company may not be successful in managing its exposure to these risks. Substantial increases in the prices for raw materials 
would increase the Company’s operating costs and could reduce profitability if the increased costs cannot be offset by higher 
vehicle prices or productivity gains. In particular, certain raw materials are sourced from a limited number of suppliers and 
from a limited number of countries, particularly those needed in catalytic converters and lithium-ion batteries. From time to 
time these may be susceptible to supply shortages or disruptions. In addition, the Company’s industrial efficiency will 
depend in part on the optimization of the raw materials and components used in the manufacturing processes. If the Company 
fails to optimize these processes, it may face increased production costs. 
The Company is also exposed to the risk of price fluctuations and supply disruptions and shortages, including due to supplier 
disputes, particularly with regard to warranty recovery claims, supplier financial distress, tight credit markets, trade 
restrictions, tariffs, natural or man-made disasters, epidemics or pandemics of diseases, or production difficulties. For 
example, the Company experienced a significant increase in the cost of raw materials and a shortage of certain key 
components in 2021. More broadly, recent inflationary pressures in many of the markets in which the Company operates

--- Page 27 ---
-27- 
 
have resulted in increased wages, fuel, freight and other costs. To the extent the Company is unable to recoup related cost 
increases through pricing actions, its profits will decrease. In addition, even if the Company is able to increase prices, there 
may be a time lag between its cost increases and price adjustments, which may cause volatility in its earnings and cash 
flows. To the extent such inflation continues, increases, or both, it may reduce the Company’s margins and have a material 
adverse effect on its financial performance. 
It is not possible to guarantee that the Company will be able to maintain arrangements with suppliers that assure access to 
these raw materials at reasonable prices in the future. Fluctuations in the price of parts and components can adversely affect 
the Company’s costs and profitability, and any such effect may be material. Further, trade restrictions and tariffs may be 
imposed, leading to increases in the cost of raw materials and delayed or limited access to purchases of raw materials, each 
of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Any interruption in the supply or any increase in the cost of raw materials, parts, components and systems could negatively 
impact the Company’s ability to achieve its vehicle shipment objectives and profitability and delay commercial launches. 
The potential impact of an interruption is particularly high in instances where a part or component is sourced exclusively 
from a single supplier. Long-term interruptions in the supply of raw materials, parts, components and systems may result in 
a material impact on vehicle production, vehicle shipment objectives, and profitability. Cost increases which cannot be 
recouped through increases in vehicle prices, or countered by productivity gains, could have a material adverse effect on the 
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. This risk can increase during periods of economic 
uncertainty such as the crisis resulting from the outbreak of Covid-19, or as a result of regional economic disruptions such 
as that experienced in South America due to the deterioration in Argentina’s economic condition in recent years. With 
respect to the potential impact of the outbreak of Covid-19 on the supply chain of the Company, see “Risk Factors - Factors 
that may affect the ability of the Issuers and the Guarantor to fulfil their obligations under the Notes – The coronavirus 
(Covid-19) pandemic could continue to disrupt the manufacture and sale of the Company’s products and the provision of 
the Company’s services and adversely impact the Company’s business”. 
The Company is subject to risks related to natural and industrial disasters, terrorist attacks and climatic or other 
catastrophic events. 
The Company’s production facilities and storage facilities for finished vehicles, as well as the production and storage 
facilities of its key suppliers, are subject to risks related to natural disasters, such as earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, 
other climatic phenomena, environmental disasters and other events beyond the Company’s control, such as power loss and 
uncertainties arising out of armed conflicts or terrorist attacks. 
Any catastrophic loss or significant damage to any of the Company’s facilities would likely disrupt its operations, delay 
production, and adversely affect its product development schedules, shipments and revenue. For example, in 2011, the 
earthquake off the coast of Fukushima in Japan disrupted part of PSA’s diesel engine production due to a supply shortage 
at one of its Japanese suppliers. 
In the last decade, seismic events affecting industrialized countries have demonstrated the risk of potential property damage 
and business interruption that the Company is exposed to as a result of its global manufacturing footprint. The Company is 
also exposed to industrial flood risk, with a number of its production sites identified by its industrial flood risk assessment 
as potentially exposed to flood risk. The occurrence of a major incident at a single manufacturing site could compromise the 
production and sale of several hundred thousand vehicles. In addition, any such catastrophic loss or significant damage could 
result in significant expense to repair or replace the facility and could significantly curtail the Company’s research and 
development efforts in the affected area, which could have a material adverse consequence on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations. The Company’s key suppliers are similarly exposed to a potential catastrophic loss or 
significant damage to its facilities, and any such loss or significant damage to key supplier’s manufacturing facilities could 
disrupt the Company’s operations, delay production, and adversely affect its product development schedules, shipments and 
revenue. 
Measures taken to protect against climate change and limit the impact of catastrophic climate events, such as implementing 
an energy management plan, which sets out steps to reuse lost heat from industrial processes, making plants more compact 
and reducing logistics-related CO2 emissions, as well as using renewable energy, may also lead to increased capital 
expenditures.

--- Page 28 ---
-28- 
 
The Company is subject to risks associated with exchange rate fluctuations, interest rate changes and credit risk. 
The Company operates in numerous markets worldwide and is exposed to risks stemming from fluctuations in currency and 
interest rates. The exposure to currency risk is mainly linked to differences in the geographic distribution of the Company’s 
manufacturing and commercial activities, resulting in cash flows from sales being denominated in currencies different from 
those of purchases or production activities. Additionally, a significant portion of the Company’s operating cash flow is 
generated in U.S. Dollars and, although a portion of its debt is denominated in U.S. Dollars, the majority of the Company’s 
indebtedness is denominated in Euro.  
The Company uses various forms of financing to cover funding requirements for its activities. Moreover, liquidity for 
industrial activities is principally invested in variable and fixed rate or short-term financial instruments. FCA’s legacy 
financial services businesses normally operate a matching policy to offset the impact of differences in rates of interest on 
the financed portfolio and related liabilities. Nevertheless, changes in interest rates can affect the Company’s net revenues, 
finance costs and margins. 
In addition, although the Company manages risks associated with fluctuations in currency and interest rates through financial 
hedging instruments, fluctuations in currency or interest rates could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
The Company’s financial services activities are also subject to the risk of insolvency of dealers and retail consumers and 
this risk is expected to increase with the establishment of its U.S. captive financial service company. Despite the Company’s 
efforts to mitigate such risks through the credit approval policies applied to dealers and retail consumers, it may not be able 
to successfully mitigate such risks.  
Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory Environment in which the Company Operates 
Current and more stringent future or incremental laws, regulations and governmental policies, including those regarding 
increased fuel efficiency requirements and reduced greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions, have a significant effect on 
how the Company does business and may increase its cost of compliance, result in additional liabilities and negatively 
affect the Company’s operations and results. 
As the Company seeks to comply with government regulations, particularly those related to fuel efficiency, vehicle safety 
and greenhouse gas and tailpipe emissions standards, it must devote significant financial and management resources, as well 
as vehicle engineering and design attention, to these legal requirements. For example, the Company intends to make 
significant investments, including through joint ventures, to secure the supply of batteries that are a critical requirement to 
support its electrification strategy and fuel efficiency and greenhouse gas compliance plans. 
In addition, government regulations are not harmonized across jurisdictions and the regulations and their interpretations are 
subject to change on short notice. Greenhouse gas emissions standards also apply to the Company’s production facilities in 
several jurisdictions in which it operates, which may require investments to upgrade facilities and increase operating costs. 
In addition, a failure to decrease the energy consumption of plants may lead to penalties, each of which may adversely affect 
the Company’s profitability. In addition, the European Union’s Green Deal could result in changes to laws and regulations, 
including requiring, or incentivizing, financial institutions to reduce lending to industries responsible for significant 
greenhouse gas emissions, which could result in an increase in the cost of the Company’s European financings. 
The Company’s production facilities are also be subject to a broad range of additional requirements governing 
environmental, health and safety matters, including those relating to registration, use, storage and disposal of hazardous 
materials and discharges to water and air (including emissions of sulphur oxide, nitrogen oxide, volatile organic compounds 
and other pollutants). A failure to comply with such requirements, or additional requirements imposed in the future, may 
result in substantial penalties, claims and liabilities which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. The Company may also incur substantial clean-up costs and third-party claims 
as a result of environmental impacts that may be associated with its current or former properties or operations. 
Regulatory requirements in relation to CO2 emissions from vehicles, such as the Corporate Average Fuel Efficiency 
(“CAFE”) standards in the U.S., are increasingly stringent. In August 2020, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit 
vacated a final rule published by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (“NHTSA”) in July 2019 that had 
reversed NHTSA’s 2016 increase to the base rate of the CAFE penalty from $5.50 to $14.00. The base rate applies to each 
tenth of a mile per gallon (“MPG”) that a manufacturer’s fleet-wide average MPG is below the CAFE standard, and is

--- Page 29 ---
-29- 
 
multiplied by the number of vehicles in the manufacturer’s fleet to arrive at an aggregate penalty. In January 2021, NHTSA 
published an interim final rule with immediate effect, the result of which would be to apply the increased fine rate that 
resulted from the Second Circuit’s ruling to future model years. In particular, NHTSA’s new rule imposes a CAFE penalty 
base rate of $5.50 through 2021 model year and increases the CAFE penalty base rate to $14.00 prospectively from the 2022 
model year. Several non-governmental organizations and state attorneys general have initiated litigation to overturn 
NHTSA’s interim final rule. In August 2021, NHTSA published a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking, announcing 
that it was considering withdrawing its January 2021 interim final rule. If NHTSA withdraws the rule, the CAFE penalty 
base rate would increase from $5.50 to $14.00 beginning in the 2019 model year. 
An increasing number of cities globally have also introduced restricted traffic zones, which do not permit entry to vehicles 
unless they meet strict emissions standards. As a result, consumer demand may shift towards vehicles that are able to meet 
these standards, which in turn could lead to higher research and development costs and production costs for the Company. 
A failure to comply with applicable emissions standards may lead to significant fines, vehicle recalls, the suspension of sales 
and third-party claims and may adversely affect the Company’s reputation. The Company is particularly exposed to the risk 
of such penalties, given its sale of light vehicles in markets where regulations on fuel consumption are very stringent, 
particularly in Europe. In addition, the harmful effects of atmospheric pollutants, including greenhouse gases, on ecosystems 
and human health have become an area of major public concern and media attention. As a result, the Company may suffer 
significant adverse reputational consequences, in addition to penalties, in the event of non-compliance with applicable 
regulations. 
The number and scope of regulatory requirements, along with the costs associated with compliance, are expected to increase 
significantly in the future, particularly with respect to vehicle emissions. These costs could be difficult to pass through to 
consumers, particularly if consumers are not prepared to pay more for lower-emission vehicles. For example, EU regulations 
governing passenger car and LCV fleet average CO2 emissions have become significantly more stringent in 2020, imposing 
material penalties if targets are exceeded. The increased cost of producing lower-emitting vehicles may lead to lower margins 
and/or lower volumes of vehicles sold. Given the significant portion of the Company’s sales in Europe, its vehicles will be 
particularly exposed to such regulatory changes, as well as other European regulatory developments (including surcharges), 
which may have a serious impact on the number of cars the Company sells in this region and therefore on its profitability. 
In 2019 the EPA withdrew the Clean Air Act waiver that allowed California to enforce its own GHG standards for cars and 
light-duty trucks and its zero emission vehicle ("ZEV") standards. The EPA announced in April 2021 that it is reconsidering 
its withdrawal of the waiver and in early to mid-2022 the EPA is expected to issue a decision to reinstate California’s legal 
right to have and enforce its GHG and ZEV standards. In addition, NHTSA is undertaking a review of national fuel economy 
programs. Uncertainty regarding these regulations, and the outcome of these proceedings, may increase the Company’s costs 
of compliance. Furthermore, some of the Company’s competitors may be capable of responding more swiftly to increased 
regulatory requirements, or may bear lower compliance costs, thereby strengthening their competitive position compared to 
that of the Company. See “Risk Factors - Risks Related to the Industry in which the Company Operates – The automotive 
industry is highly competitive and cyclical, and the Company may suffer from those factors more than some of its 
competitors”. 
Most of the Company’s suppliers face similar environmental requirements and constraints. A failure by the Company’s 
suppliers to meet applicable environmental laws or regulations may lead to a disruption of the Company’s supply chain or 
an increase in the cost of raw materials and components used in production and could have a material adverse effect on the 
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company remains subject to ongoing diesel emissions investigations by several governmental agencies and to a 
number of related private lawsuits, which may lead to further claims, lawsuits and enforcement actions, and result in 
additional penalties, settlements or damage awards and may also adversely affect the Company’s reputation with 
consumers. 
On January 10, 2019, FCA US announced it had reached final settlements on civil, environmental and consumer claims with 
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”), the Civil Division of the U.S. Department of Justice (“DoJ”), the 
California Air Resources Board (“CARB”), the State of California, 49 other States and U.S. Customs and Border Protection, 
for which the Company accrued €748 million during the year ended December 31, 2018. Approximately €350 million of 
the amount accrued by FCA US, prior to the merger, was related to civil penalties to resolve differences over diesel emissions 
requirements. A portion of the amount accrued, prior to the merger, was attributable to settlement of a putative class action 
on behalf of consumers in connection with which FCA US agreed to pay an average of $2,800 per vehicle to eligible 
customers affected by the recall. That settlement received final court approval on May 3, 2019. On April 9, 2021, FCA US

--- Page 30 ---
-30- 
 
reached an agreement with substantially all of the approximately 3,200 consumers that exercised their right to opt out of the 
class action settlement to settle their claims for an amount that is not material to Stellantis N.V.. As of December 31, 2021, 
the Company’s best estimate of a probable loss is reflected in the amount previously accrued prior to the merger. 
In the U.S., the Company remains subject to a diesel emissions-related investigation by the DoJ, Criminal Division. In 
September 2019, the DoJ filed criminal charges against an employee of FCA US for, among other things, fraud, conspiracy, 
false statements and violations of the Clean Air Act primarily in connection with efforts to obtain regulatory approval of the 
vehicles that were the subject of the civil settlements described above. In April 2021, two additional employees of a Stellantis 
N.V. subsidiary were indicted by the DoJ on similar charges. The three employees were placed on administrative leave 
following their indictments. The Company has continued discussions with the DoJ, Criminal Division to determine whether 
the Company can reach an appropriate resolution of their investigation as it relates to FCA US. Resolution of the 
investigation may involve the payment of penalties and other non-financial sanctions. While the outcome of these 
discussions is uncertain and the Company cannot predict whether or when any settlement may be reached with the DoJ, 
Criminal Division, or the ultimate outcome of its investigation, prior to the merger, the Company accrued approximately 
€200 million during the three months ended September 30, 2020 as the Company’s best estimate of probable loss with regard 
to matters under discussion. In light of subsequent progress in the Company’s discussions with the DoJ, Criminal Division, 
the Company increased its accrual for this matter to €266 million, which reflects its best estimate at this time. The Company 
also remains subject to a number of related private lawsuits (the “Non Opt-Out Litigation”). 
The Company has also received inquiries from other regulatory authorities in a number of jurisdictions as they examine the 
on-road tailpipe emissions of several automakers’ vehicles and, when jurisdictionally appropriate, the Company continues 
to cooperate with these governmental agencies and authorities. 
In Europe, the Company has continued to work with the Italian Ministry of Transport (“MIT”) and the Dutch Vehicle 
Regulator (“RDW”), the authorities that certified FCA diesel vehicles for sale in the European Union, and the UK Driver 
and Vehicle Standards Agency in connection with their review of several diesel models. 
The Company also responded to inquiries from the German authority, the Kraftfahrt-Bundesamt (“KBA”), regarding 
emissions test results for FCA diesel vehicles, and discussed the KBA reported test results, its emission control calibrations 
and the features of the vehicles in question. After these initial discussions, the MIT, which has sole authority for regulatory 
compliance of the vehicles it has certified, asserted its exclusive jurisdiction over the matters raised by the KBA, tested the 
vehicles, determined that the vehicles complied with applicable European regulations and informed the KBA of its 
determination. Thereafter, mediations were held under European Commission (“EC”) rules, between the MIT and the 
German Ministry of Transport and Digital Infrastructure, which oversees the KBA, in an effort to resolve their differences. 
The mediation concluded and no action was taken with respect to FCA. In May 2017, the EC announced its intention to 
open an infringement procedure against Italy regarding Italy's alleged failure to respond to EC's concerns regarding certain 
FCA emission control calibrations. The MIT responded to the EC's allegations by confirming that the vehicles' approval 
process was properly performed. On December 2, 2021, the EC notified Italy of its position that Italy did not comply with 
its obligation to enforce EU emission type approval rules. 
In December 2019, the MIT notified FCA of communications with the Dutch Ministry of Infrastructure and Water 
Management (“I&W”) regarding certain irregularities allegedly found by the RDW and the Dutch Center of Research TNO 
in the emission levels of certain Jeep Grand Cherokee Euro 5 models and a vehicle model of another OEM containing a 
Euro 6 diesel engine supplied by FCA. In January 2020, the Dutch Parliament published a letter from the I&W summarizing 
the conclusions of the RDW regarding those vehicles and engines and indicating an intention to order a recall and report 
their findings to the Public Prosecutor, the EC and other Member States. FCA engaged with the RDW to present the 
Company’s positions and cooperate to reach an appropriate resolution of this matter. FCA proposed certain updates to the 
relevant vehicles that have been tested and approved by the RDW and are now being implemented. Nevertheless, this matter 
is still pending. 
In addition, as part of the judicial investigation of several automakers in France, commencing in 2016 and 2017, Automobiles 
Peugeot and Automobiles Citroën were placed under examination by the Judicial Court of Paris in June 2021 on allegations 
of consumer fraud in connection with the sale of Euro 5 diesel vehicles in France between 2009 and 2015. In July 2021, 
FCA Italy was placed under examination by the same court for possible consumer fraud in connection with the sale of Euro 
6 diesel vehicles in France between 2014 and 2017. FCA Italy was also designated as a material witness in connection with 
allegations of obstruction of the actions of an economy ministry antifraud inspector in 2016 and 2017. As is typical in a 
French criminal inquiry, each of the companies were required to pay bail for the potential payment of damages and fines

--- Page 31 ---
-31- 
 
and to ensure representation in court, and to provide a guarantee for the potential compensation of losses. None of these 
amounts were, individually or in the aggregate, material to Stellantis N.V.. 
In July 2020, unannounced inspections took place at several of FCA’s sites in Germany, Italy and the UK at the initiative of 
the Public Prosecutors of Frankfurt am Main and of Turin, as part of their investigations of potential violations of diesel 
emissions regulations and consumer protection laws. The Company has also responded to limited inquiries from the Public 
Prosecutor of Frankfurt relating to PSA vehicles and a PSA engine. The Company continues to cooperate with these 
investigations.  
Several former FCA companies and the Company’s Dutch dealers have also been served with a purported class action filed 
in the Netherlands by a Dutch foundation seeking monetary damages and vehicle buybacks in connection with alleged 
emissions non-compliance of certain diesel vehicles. The Company is aware of similar claims in Portugal and the 
Netherlands regarding PSA vehicles, and the UK regarding vehicles of its brands (both FCA and PSA). The Company has 
also received notice of a purported securities class action in the Netherlands, alleging misrepresentations by FCA, now 
Stellantis. The Company is defending approximately 6,000 individual consumer claims alleging emissions non-compliance 
of certain former FCA vehicles in Germany. The Company is also defending a small number of similar claims in Austria. 
In December 2018, the Korean Ministry of Environment (“MOE”) announced its determination that approximately 2,400 
FCA vehicles imported into Korea during 2015, 2016 and 2017 were not emissions compliant and that the vehicles with a 
subsequent update of the emission control calibrations voluntarily performed by FCA, although compliant, would have 
required re-homologation of the vehicles concerned. In May 2019, the MOE revoked certification of the above-referenced 
vehicles and announced an administrative fine for an amount not material to Stellantis N.V.. The Company’s appeal of the 
MOE’s decision was rejected and it is now pursuing jurisdictional appeals. In November 2021, the MOE issued notice of its 
intention to impose a recall order, revocation of certification and an administrative fine on the basis of the alleged non-
compliance of approximately 2,400 other FCA vehicles. The Company’s subsidiary in Seoul, Korea is also cooperating with 
local criminal authorities in connection with their review of these matters and is appealing a decision of the Korean Fair 
Trade Commission to impose an administrative fine for a purported breach of the Act on Fair Labeling and Advertisement 
in connection with the vehicles imported into Korea between 2015 and 2017. 
The results of the unresolved governmental inquiries and private litigation cannot be predicted at this time and these inquiries 
and litigation may lead to further enforcement actions, penalties or damage awards, any of which may have a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. It is also possible that these matters 
and their ultimate resolution may adversely affect the Company’s reputation with consumers, which may negatively impact 
demand for its vehicles and consequently could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
The Company’s business operations and reputation may be impacted by various types of claims, lawsuits, and other 
contingencies. 
The Company is involved in various disputes, claims, lawsuits, investigations and other legal proceedings relating to several 
matters, including product liability, warranty, vehicle safety, emissions and fuel economy, product performance, asbestos, 
personal injury, dealers, suppliers and other contractual relationships, alleged violations of law, environment, securities, 
labor, antitrust, intellectual property, tax and other matters. The Company estimates such potential claims and contingent 
liabilities and, where appropriate, record provisions to address these contingent liabilities. The ultimate outcome of the legal 
proceedings pending against the Company is uncertain, and such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on its 
financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, additional facts may come to light or the Company could, in the 
future, be subject to judgments or enter into settlements of lawsuits and claims that could have a material adverse effect on 
the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. While the Company maintains insurance coverage 
with respect to certain claims, not all claims or potential losses can be covered by insurance, and even if claims could be 
covered by insurance, the Company may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and 
any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against any such claims. Further, publicity regarding such 
investigations and lawsuits, whether or not they have merit, may adversely affect the Company’s reputation and the 
perception of its vehicles with retail customers, which may adversely affect demand for the Company’s vehicles, and have 
a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
For example, in November 2019, General Motors LLC and General Motors Company (collectively, “GM”) filed a lawsuit 
against FCA US, FCA N.V., now Stellantis N.V., and certain individuals, claiming violations of the RICO Act, unfair 
competition and civil conspiracy in connection with allegations that FCA US made payments to UAW officials that

--- Page 32 ---
-32- 
 
corrupted the bargaining process with the UAW and as a result FCA US enjoyed unfair labor costs and operational 
advantages that caused harm to GM. GM also claimed that FCA US had made concessions to the UAW in collective 
bargaining that the UAW was then able to extract from GM through pattern bargaining which increased costs to GM and 
that this was done by FCA US in an effort to force a merger between GM and FCA N.V.. For more information regarding 
the GM litigation, refer to Note 26, “Guarantees granted, commitments and contingent liabilities” in the Stellantis 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
In addition, the Company and other Brazilian taxpayers have had significant disputes with the Brazilian tax authorities 
regarding the application of Brazilian tax law. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that there will be no 
significant impact from these disputes. However, given the current economic conditions and uncertainty in Brazil, new tax 
laws or more significant changes such as tax reform may be introduced and enacted. Changes to the application of existing 
tax laws may also occur or the realisation of accumulated tax benefits may be limited, delayed or denied. Any of these events 
could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
For additional risks regarding certain proceedings, see “Risk Factors – Risks Related to the Legal and Regulatory 
Environment in which the Company Operates – The Company remains subject to ongoing diesel emissions investigations 
by several governmental agencies and to a number of related private lawsuits, which may lead to further claims, lawsuits 
and enforcement actions, and result in additional penalties, settlements or damage awards and may also adversely affect 
the Company’s reputation with consumers”. 
The Company faces risks related to quality and vehicle safety issues, which could lead to product recalls and warranty 
obligations that may result in direct costs, and any resulting loss of vehicle sales could have material adverse effects on 
the Company’s business. 
The Company’s performance is, in part, dependent on complying with quality and safety standards, meeting customer 
expectations and maintaining its reputation for designing, building and selling safe, high-quality vehicles. Given the global 
nature of the Company’s business, these standards and expectations may vary according to the markets in which the 
Company operates. For example, vehicle safety standards imposed by regulations are increasingly stringent. In addition, 
consumers’ focus on vehicle safety may increase further with the advent of autonomous and connected cars. If the Company 
fails to meet or adhere to required vehicle safety standards, it may face penalties, become subject to other claims or liabilities 
or be required to recall vehicles. 
The automotive industry in general has experienced a sustained increase in recall activity to address performance, 
compliance or safety-related issues. For example, in 2021, the Company voluntarily recalled more than 246,000 Ram Heavy 
Duty and Chassis Cab pickup trucks to replace fuel pumps because of wear that can lead the vehicle to stall or prevent it 
from stalling. The Company’s costs related to vehicle recalls could increase in the future. 
Recall costs substantially depend on the nature of the remedy and the number of vehicles affected and may arise many years 
after a vehicle’s sale. Product recalls may also harm the Company’s reputation, force it to halt the sale of certain vehicles 
and cause consumers to question the safety or reliability of the Company’s products. Given the intense regulatory activity 
across the automotive industry, ongoing compliance costs are expected to remain high. Any costs incurred, or lost vehicle 
sales, resulting from product recalls could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of 
operations. Moreover, if the Company faces consumer complaints, or receives information from vehicle rating services that 
calls into question the safety or reliability of one of the Company’s vehicles and it does not issue a recall, or if it does not 
do so on a timely basis, the Company’s reputation may also be harmed and it may lose future vehicle sales. The Company 
is also obligated under the terms of its warranty agreements to make repairs or replace parts in its vehicles at its expense for 
a specified period of time. These factors, including any failure rate that exceeds the Company’s assumptions, could have a 
material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company is subject to laws and regulations relating to corruption and bribery, as well as stakeholder expectations 
relating to human rights in the supply chain and a failure to meet these legislative and stakeholder standards could lead 
to enforcement actions, penalties or damage awards and may also adversely affect the Company’s reputation with 
consumers. 
The Company is subject to laws and regulations relating to corruption and bribery, including those of the U.S., the United 
Kingdom and France, which have an international reach and which cover the entirety of its value chain in all countries in 
which it operates. The Company also has significant interactions with governments and governmental agencies in the areas 
of licensing, permits, regulatory, compliance and environmental matters and fleet sales among others. A failure to comply

--- Page 33 ---
-33- 
 
with laws and regulations relating to corruption and bribery may lead to significant penalties and enforcement actions and 
could also have a long-term impact on the Company’s presence in one, or more, of the markets in which such compliance 
failures have occurred. 
In addition, the Company’s customers may have expectations relating to the production conditions and origin of the products 
they purchase. Therefore, it is important for the Company to seek to demonstrate transparency across the entire supply chain, 
which may result in additional costs being incurred. A failure by the Company, or any of its suppliers or subcontractors, to 
comply with employment or other production standards and expectations may result in adverse consequences to the 
Company’s reputation, disruptions to its supply chain and increased costs as a result of remedial measures needing to be 
undertaken to meet stakeholder expectations, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company may not be able to adequately protect its intellectual property rights, which may harm its business. 
The Company’s success depends, in part, on its ability to protect its intellectual property rights. If the Company fails to 
protect its intellectual property rights, others may be able to compete against it using intellectual property that is the same 
as or similar to the Company’s intellectual property. In addition, there can be no guarantee that the Company’s intellectual 
property rights will be sufficient to provide it with a competitive advantage against others who offer products similar to the 
Company’s products. For example, another OEM has produced a vehicle closely resembling one of the Company’s Jeep 
models for sale in the U.S. The Company brought proceedings to stop these practices and rulings have been in its favor 
enjoining import and sale of the vehicle in the U.S. In response, the OEM has created a redesigned model, and has received 
rulings that the redesign does not infringe the Jeep model trade dress. The Company believes legal error was made in these 
rulings and is seeking to enjoin this practice as well through the appeal process, but cannot be certain of the final outcome. 
More generally, despite the Company’s efforts, it may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing its intellectual 
property and using the Company’s technology for their competitive advantage. Any such infringement could have a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The laws of some countries in which the Company operates do not offer the same protection of intellectual property rights 
as do the laws of the U.S. or Europe. In addition, effective intellectual property enforcement may be unavailable or limited 
in certain countries, making it difficult to protect the Company’s intellectual property from misuse or infringement there. 
The Company’s inability to protect its intellectual property rights in some countries could have a material adverse effect on 
the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Stellantis N.V. is a holding company, which creates structural subordination risks for the holders of the Notes. 
Stellantis N.V. is organised as a holding company that conducts essentially all of its operations through its subsidiaries and 
depends primarily on the earnings and cash flows of, and the distribution of funds from, these subsidiaries to meet its debt 
obligations, including its obligations under the Notes issued by it and its guarantee obligations with respect to the Guaranteed 
Notes. Generally, creditors of a subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors and creditors holding indebtedness 
and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, and preferred shareholders, if any, of the subsidiary, will be entitled to the assets of 
that subsidiary before any of those assets can be distributed to shareholders upon liquidation or winding up. As a result, 
Stellantis N.V.’s obligations under the Notes issued by it and under the Guarantee of the Guaranteed Notes will effectively 
be subordinated to the prior payment of all the debts and other liabilities, including the right of trade creditors of Stellantis 
N.V.’s direct and indirect subsidiaries. Following the merger, GIE PSA Trésorerie, which has guaranteed the notes currently 
in issue under PSA’s legacy Euro Medium Term Note Programme, has become a subsidiary of Stellantis N.V. GIE PSA 
Trésorerie is also the issuer in respect of a series of bonds issued in 2003 while it was part of Groupe PSA. Consequently, 
holders of the notes guaranteed by GIE PSA Trésorerie or the bonds issued by GIE PSA Trésorerie are entitled to payments 
of their claims from the assets of GIE PSA Trésorerie before these assets are made available for distribution to GIE PSA 
Trésorerie’s shareholders and are therefore structurally senior to the claims of holders of the Notes. In addition, Stellantis 
N.V.’s other subsidiaries have other liabilities, including contingent liabilities, which could be substantial. See also “Risk 
Factors—Risks Related to the Notes Generally—The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuers and the 
Guarantor may incur”. 
The Guarantor’s Guarantee of the Notes may be limited by applicable laws or subject to certain procedures that could 
limit or prevent the Guarantor from making payments under the Guarantee. 
The Guarantee provides the holders of the Guaranteed Notes with a direct claim against the Guarantor. However, the 
enforcement of the Guarantee against Stellantis N.V. would be subject to certain defences generally available in connection

--- Page 34 ---
-34- 
 
with guarantees. These laws and defences include those that relate to fraudulent conveyance or transfer, bankruptcy claw-
back, corporate purpose, conflicts of interest, or similar laws, regulations or defences affecting the rights of creditors 
generally. In addition, in order for a Guarantee to be enforceable under Dutch law, the Guarantor’s directors must determine 
that the granting of the Guarantee is in the Guarantor’s best corporate interest (vennootschappelijk belang), that the 
Guarantor benefits, either directly or indirectly, from the granting of the Guarantee, and that the granting of the Guarantee 
is contemplated and permitted by the Guarantor’s articles of association, including its corporate objectives. 
As an employer with a large workforce, the Company faces risks related to the health and safety of its employees, as well 
as reputational risk related to diversity, inclusion and equal opportunity. 
The Company employs a significant number of people who are exposed to health and safety risks as a result of their 
employment. Working conditions can cause stress or discomfort that can impact employees’ health and may result in adverse 
consequences for the Company’s productivity. In addition, as an automotive manufacturer, a significant number of the 
Company’s employees are shift workers in production facilities, involving physical demands which may lead to occupational 
injury or illness. The use or presence of certain chemicals in production processes may adversely affect the health of the 
Company’s employees or create a safety risk. As a result, the Company could be exposed to liability from claims brought 
by current or former employees and its reputation, productivity, business, financial condition and results of operations may 
be affected. 
The Company’s stakeholders are expected to place increased emphasis on the importance of diversity, inclusion and equal 
opportunity in the workplace, against a backdrop of developing legal requirements in these areas. The Company may suffer 
adverse effects on its reputation if it fails to meet its stakeholders’ expectations, which could result in an adverse effect on 
the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could 
have an adverse effect on the Company’s business. 
Effective internal controls, enable the Company to provide reliable and accurate financial statements and to effectively 
prevent fraud. While the Company has devoted, and will need to continue to devote, significant management attention and 
resources to complying with the internal control over financial reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
as amended (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act"), there is no assurance that material weaknesses or significant deficiencies will not 
occur or that the Company will be successful in adequately remediating any such material weaknesses and significant 
deficiencies. Furthermore, as the Company transforms its business, its internal controls may become more complex, and the 
Company may require significantly more resources to ensure internal controls remain effective. 
Prior to the closing of the merger, PSA was not subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act’s requirements to design and maintain 
and to report on its internal control over financial reporting. As a result, the Company is redesigning and integrating the 
internal control over the financial reporting framework for PSA operations. If the Company is unable to establish and 
implement effective internal controls over these operations in accordance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or if the Company 
otherwise fails to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls or internal control over financial reporting, this could 
have an adverse effect on its business and reputation, and the Company may be subject to investigation by regulatory 
authorities. This could also result in a loss of investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of the Company’s 
financial reports. 
Given the size, complexity and magnitude of the merger, management concluded there was insufficient time to complete its 
assessment of the internal control over financial reporting related to PSA, and, therefore, PSA internal control over financial 
reporting was excluded from the report on internal control over financial reporting. Focusing on those controls that relate 
exclusively to ongoing FCA operations, the evaluation undertaken by management and the Company’s independent 
registered public accountants pursuant to Section 404 concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting 
was effective as of December 31, 2021. 
Risks Related to the Company’s Liquidity and Existing Indebtedness 
Limitations on the Company’s liquidity and access to funding, as well as its significant outstanding indebtedness, may 
restrict its financial and operating flexibility and the Company’s ability to execute its business strategies, obtain 
additional funding on competitive terms and improve its financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 35 ---
-35- 
 
The Company’s performance depends on, among other things, its ability to finance debt repayment obligations and planned 
investments from operating cash flow, available liquidity, the renewal or refinancing of existing bank loans and/or facilities 
and possible access to capital markets or other sources of financing. The Company’s indebtedness may have important 
consequences on its operations and financial results, including: 
 
it may not be able to secure additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or 
general corporate purposes; 
 
it may need to use a portion of the Company’s projected future cash flow from operations to pay principal and 
interest on its indebtedness, which may reduce the amount of funds available to it for other purposes, including 
product development; and 
 
it may not be able to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions, which may make it more vulnerable to a 
downturn in general economic conditions or its business. 
The Covid-19 pandemic put significant pressure on FCA’s and PSA’s liquidity, leading to an increase in the level of net 
indebtedness, which could increase the aforementioned risks. In addition, while the Company’s credit ratings are investment 
grade, any deterioration of its credit ratings may significantly affect its funding and prospects. 
The Company could, therefore, find itself in the position of having to seek additional financing or having to refinance 
existing debt, including in unfavorable market conditions, with limited availability of funding and a general increase in 
funding costs. In addition, should a general increase in market borrowing rates arise because of current inflationary pressures, 
the cost of the Company’s future debt may increase. Any limitations on the Company’s liquidity, due to a decrease in vehicle 
shipments, the amount of, or restrictions in, its existing indebtedness, conditions in the credit markets, the Company’s 
perceived creditworthiness, general economic conditions or otherwise, may adversely impact the Company’s ability to 
execute its business strategies and impair its financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any actual or perceived 
limitations of its liquidity may limit the ability or willingness of counterparties, including dealers, consumers, suppliers, 
lenders and financial service providers, to do business with the Company, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Company may be exposed to shortfalls in its pension plans which may increase its pension expenses and required 
contributions and, as a result, could constrain liquidity and materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Certain of the Company’s defined benefit pension plans are currently underfunded. For example, as of December 31, 2021, 
the Company’s defined benefit pension plans were underfunded by approximately €4.2 billion and may be subject to 
significant minimum contributions in future years. The Company’s pension funding obligations may increase significantly 
if the investment performance of plan assets does not keep pace with benefit payment obligations. Mandatory funding 
obligations may increase because of lower than anticipated returns on plan assets, whether as a result of overall weak market 
performance or particular investment decisions, changes in the level of interest rates used to determine required funding 
levels, changes in the level of benefits provided for by the plans, or any changes in applicable law related to funding 
requirements. The Company’s defined benefit plans currently hold significant investments in equity and fixed income 
securities, as well as investments in less liquid instruments such as private equity, real estate and certain hedge funds. Due 
to the complexity and magnitude of certain investments, additional risks may exist, including the effects of significant 
changes in investment policy, insufficient market capacity to complete a particular investment strategy and an inherent 
divergence in objectives between the ability to manage risk in the short term and the ability to quickly re-balance illiquid 
and long-term investments. 
To determine the appropriate level of funding and contributions to the Company’s defined benefit plans, as well as the 
investment strategy for the plans, the Company is required to make various assumptions, including an expected rate of return 
on plan assets and a discount rate used to measure the obligations under defined benefit pension plans. Interest rate increases 
will generally result in a decline in the value of investments in fixed income securities and the present value of the 
obligations. Conversely, interest rate decreases will generally increase the value of investments in fixed income securities 
and the present value of the obligations. See Note 2, “Basis of preparation – Significant accounting policies – Employee 
benefits” within the Stellantis 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Any reduction in the discount rate or the value of plan assets, or any increase in the present value of obligations, may increase 
the Company’s pension expenses and required contributions and, as a result, could constrain liquidity and materially

--- Page 36 ---
-36- 
 
adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. If the Company fails to make required 
minimum funding contributions to its U.S. pension plans, it could be subject to reportable event disclosure to the U.S. 
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, as well as interest and excise taxes calculated based upon the amount of any funding 
deficiency. 
Risks Related to Taxation 
The French tax authorities may deny, revoke or disregard in whole or in part the rulings confirming the neutral tax 
treatment of the merger for former PSA and the transfer of tax losses carried forward by the legacy PSA French tax 
consolidated group. 
Several tax ruling requests have been granted by the French tax authorities regarding certain tax consequences of the merger. 
In particular, the French tax authorities have confirmed that the merger will fullfil the conditions to benefit from the favorable 
corporate income tax regime set forth in Article 210 A of the French Tax Code (which mainly provides for a deferral of 
taxation of the capital gains realized by PSA as a result of the transfer of all its assets and liabilities pursuant to the merger). 
Such tax regimes and tax rulings are subject to certain conditions being met and are based on certain declarations, 
representations and undertakings given by the Company to the French tax authorities. If the French tax authorities consider 
that the relevant declarations, representations, conditions or undertakings were not correct or are not complied with, they 
could revoke or disregard the rulings that have been granted in respect of the merger. 
In addition, as required by law, a tax ruling request has also been filed with the French tax authorities in order to allow for 
the transfer of a large majority of the French tax losses carried forward of the former PSA French tax consolidated group to 
the Company’s French permanent establishment and for the carry-forward of French tax losses transferred to the Company’s 
French permanent establishment against future profits of its French permanent establishment and certain companies of the 
former PSA French tax consolidated group pursuant to Articles 223 I-6 and 1649 nonies of the French Tax Code. As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, this ruling has not yet been granted by the French tax authorities but, subject to the approval 
of the French tax authorities, a large portion of PSA’s French tax losses are expected to be preserved. 
If the French tax authorities consider that the applicable conditions to allow for the transfer of French tax losses carried 
forward of the former PSA French tax consolidation are not fulfilled, the French tax authorities could deny the benefit of 
such transfer and therefore refuse to grant the requested ruling or agree on a partial transfer only. If this ruling is granted, 
the French tax authorities could also revoke or disregard this ruling on the basis that the relevant declarations, representations 
and undertakings are not correct or complied with or if the conditions provided under French tax law are not met. 
A decision by the French tax authorities to deny, revoke or disregard the tax rulings in the future would likely result in 
significant adverse tax consequences to the Company that could have a significant effect on its results of operations or 
financial position. If the requested tax rulings are denied or revoked, the main adverse tax consequences for the Company 
would be that (i) all unrealized capital gains at the level of former PSA at the time of the merger would be taxed; and (ii) the 
tax losses carried forward at the level of former PSA would not be transferred to the Company’s French permanent 
establishment or would be forfeited. 
The Company operates so as to be treated exclusively as a resident of the Netherlands for tax purposes after the transfer 
of its tax residency to the Netherlands, but the tax authorities of other jurisdictions may treat the Company as also being 
a resident of another jurisdiction for tax purposes. 
Since the Company is incorporated under Dutch law, it is considered to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch corporate 
income tax and Dutch dividend withholding tax purposes. In addition, with effect from January 17, 2021 and taking into 
account the sanitary restrictions and limitations applicable under the current Covid-19 crisis, the Company has operated so 
as to maintain its management and organizational structure in such a manner that it (i) should be regarded to have its 
residence for tax purposes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, withholding tax and tax treaty eligibility purposes) 
exclusively in the Netherlands, (ii) should not be regarded as a tax resident of any other jurisdiction (and in particular of 
France or Italy) either for domestic law purposes or for the purposes of any applicable tax treaty (notably any applicable tax 
treaty with the Netherlands) and (iii) should be deemed resident only in the Netherlands, including for the purposes of the 
France-Netherlands and Italy-Netherlands tax treaties. The Company also holds permanent establishments in France and 
Italy.

--- Page 37 ---
-37- 
 
However, the determination of the Company’s tax residency primarily depends upon its place of effective management, 
which is a question of fact based on all circumstances. Because the determination of the Company’s residency is highly fact 
sensitive, no assurance can be given regarding the final determination of its tax residency. 
If the Company were concurrently resident in the Netherlands and in another jurisdiction (applying the tax residency rules 
of that jurisdiction), it may be treated as being tax resident in both jurisdictions, unless such other jurisdiction has a double 
tax treaty with the Netherlands that includes either (i) a tie-breaker provision which allocates exclusive residence to one 
jurisdiction only or (ii) a rule providing that the residency needs to be determined based on a mutual agreement procedure 
and the jurisdictions involved agree (or, as the case may be, are compelled to agree through arbitration) that the Company 
is resident in one jurisdiction exclusively for treaty purposes. In the latter case, if no agreement is reached in respect of the 
determination of the residency, the treaty may not apply and the Company could be treated as being tax resident in both 
jurisdictions. 
A failure to achieve or maintain exclusive tax residency in the Netherlands could result in significant adverse tax 
consequences to the Company and its subsidiaries. The impact of this risk would differ based on the views taken by each 
relevant tax authority. 
The Company may not qualify for benefits under the tax treaties entered into between the Netherlands and other 
countries. 
With effect from January 17, 2021, and taking into account the sanitary restrictions and limitations applicable under the 
current Covid-19 crisis, the Company operates in a manner such that it should be eligible for benefits under the tax treaties 
entered into between the Netherlands and other countries, notably France, Italy and the U.S. However, the Company’s ability 
to qualify for such benefits depends upon (i) it being treated as a Dutch tax resident for purposes of the relevant tax treaty, 
(ii) the fulfillment of the requirements contained in each applicable treaty as modified by the Multilateral Convention to 
Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) (including, but not limited 
to, any principal purpose test clause) and applicable domestic laws, (iii) the facts and circumstances surrounding the 
Company’s operations and management and (iv) the interpretation of the relevant tax authorities and courts. 
The Company’s failure to qualify for benefits under the tax treaties entered into between the Netherlands and other countries 
could result in significant adverse tax consequences to the Company and its subsidiaries. 
The IRS may not agree with the determination that the Company should not be treated as a domestic corporation for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, and adverse tax consequences could result to the Company if the IRS were to 
successfully challenge such determination. 
Section 7874 of the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”) provides that, under certain circumstances, a non-U.S. corporation 
will be treated as a U.S. “domestic” corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In particular, certain mergers of 
foreign corporations with U.S. subsidiaries can, in certain circumstances, implicate these rules. 
The Company does not believe it should be treated as a U.S. “domestic” corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
However, the relevant law is not entirely clear, is subject to detailed but relatively new regulations (the application of which 
is uncertain in various respects, and whose interaction with general principles of U.S. tax law remains untested) and is 
subject to various other uncertainties. Therefore, the IRS could assert that the Company should be treated as a U.S. 
corporation (and, therefore, a U.S. tax resident) for U.S. federal income tax purposes pursuant to Code Section 7874. In 
addition, changes to Section 7874 of the Code or the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, or interpretations 
thereof, could affect the Company’s status as a foreign corporation. Such changes could potentially have retroactive effect. 
If the IRS successfully challenged the Company’s status as a foreign corporation, significant adverse tax consequences 
would result for the Company. For example, if the Company was treated as a domestic corporation in the U.S., it would be 
subject to U.S. federal income tax on its worldwide income as if it was a U.S. domestic corporation. If the Company was 
treated as a U.S. domestic corporation, such treatment could materially increase its U.S. federal income tax liability.  
The closing of the merger was not conditioned on the Company not being treated as a domestic corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes or upon a receipt of an opinion of counsel to that effect. In addition, neither former FCA nor former 
PSA requested a ruling from the IRS regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger. Accordingly, while 
the Company does not believe it will be treated as a domestic corporation, no assurance can be given that the IRS will agree, 
or that if it challenges such treatment, it will not succeed.

--- Page 38 ---
-38- 
 
If the Company fails to maintain a permanent establishment in France, the Company could experience adverse tax 
consequences. 
The Company maintains a permanent establishment in France to which the assets and liabilities of former PSA were 
allocated upon the merger for French tax purposes. However, no assurance can be given regarding the existence of a 
permanent establishment in France and the allocation of each asset and liability to such permanent establishment because 
such determination is highly fact sensitive and may vary in case of future changes in the Company’s management and 
organizational structure. 
If the Company were to fail to maintain a permanent establishment in France, the main adverse tax consequences would be 
that (i) all unrealized capital gains at the level of the permanent establishment at that time would be taxed and (ii) the tax 
losses carried forward that may still be available at that time would be forfeited. In addition, if, in the future, any of former 
PSA’s assets and liabilities cease to be allocated to such establishment, this may result in (i) Stellantis being taxed in France 
on unrealized capital gains or profits with respect to the assets and liabilities deemed transferred outside of France and (ii) 
a portion of the tax losses carried forward that may still be available at that time being forfeited. 
The Company is subject to tax laws and treaties of numerous jurisdictions. Future changes to such laws or treaties could 
adversely affect the Company. In addition, the interpretation of these laws and treaties is subject to challenge by the 
relevant governmental authorities. 
The Company is subject to tax laws, regulations and treaties in the Netherlands, France, Italy, the U.S. and the numerous 
other jurisdictions in which the Company and its affiliates operate. These laws, regulations and treaties could change on a 
prospective or retroactive basis, and any such change could adversely affect the Company, including for instance as a result 
of the introduction of a re-allocation of profits and taxing rights among countries and/or a global minimum tax under the 
Two-Pillar Solution to Address the Tax Challenges of the Digitalisation of the Economy, agreed upon by over 135 
jurisdictions under the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on BEPS and the related developments in respect of 
implementation of such agreements in relevant tax laws and regulations, including EU Directives to implement these and 
other taxation measures, such as the proposed Directives 2021/0433/EU and 2021/0434/EU. 
Furthermore, these laws, regulations and treaties are inherently complex and the Company will be obligated to make 
judgments and interpretations about the application of these laws, regulations and treaties to it and its operations and 
businesses. The interpretation and application of these laws, regulations and treaties could differ from that of the relevant 
governmental authority, which could result in administrative or judicial procedures, actions or sanctions, which could be 
material. 
Risks Related to the Notes Generally 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and 
financial markets; and

--- Page 39 ---
-39- 
 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes may be complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex 
financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should 
not invest in Notes, which are complex financial instruments, unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial 
adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and 
the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes are subject to modification and waiver without the consent of all Noteholders. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting 
their interests generally or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents, including provisions for 
calling joint meetings of Noteholders of more than one Series. These provisions provide that a resolution passed at a meeting 
of the Noteholders by a clear majority will bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, who voted in 
a manner contrary to the majority, and in the context of a joint meeting of holders of more than one Series, without requiring 
a particular percentage of the holders of any individual Series to attend and vote in any particular manner at the relevant 
meeting. Therefore, the rights of a Noteholder may be amended without that Noteholder’s consent. 
Payments on the Notes may be subject to withholding. 
There may be limited situations in which payments on the Notes may be subject to withholding if Stellantis N.V. were deemed 
not to be exclusively resident in the Netherlands. Should Stellantis N.V. be treated as an Italian tax resident, payments on the 
Notes in favour of non-Italian Noteholders may be subject to taxation in Italy and similarly, should Stellantis N.V. be treated 
as a French tax resident, payments on the Notes may be subject to taxation in France, which could result in additional costs 
for Noteholders which would not benefit from the gross-up provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). See “Risk Factors—The 
Company operates so as to be treated exclusively as a resident of the Netherlands for tax purposes after the transfer of its tax 
residency to the Netherlands, but the tax authorities of other jurisdictions may treat the Company as also being a resident of 
another jurisdiction for tax purposes” for a discussion of the factors relating to the tax treatment of Stellantis N.V. 
For a description of the tax implications of holding the Notes, see “Taxation”. 
For a description of the circumstances in which Noteholders will receive additional amounts in respect of any tax withheld 
from payments on the Notes, see Condition 7 (Taxation). 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
The Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of their Specified Denomination. 
The Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination and one or more higher integral 
multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of 
such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result of such trading, holds an amount which is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not 
receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to the minimum Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination which is not an integral 
multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Laws may restrict certain investments in the Notes. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to 
its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 40 ---
-40- 
 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuers and the Guarantor may incur. 
The terms and conditions relating to the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of indebtedness which the Issuers 
and the Guarantor may from time to time incur. In the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuers or the Guarantor 
(where applicable), the Notes will rank equally with other unsecured senior indebtedness of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and, accordingly, any increase in the amount of unsecured senior indebtedness of the Issuers or the Guarantor in 
the future may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders. In addition, the Notes are unsecured and, save as provided in 
Condition 3 (Negative Pledge), do not contain any restriction on the giving of security by the Issuers or the Guarantor over 
present and future indebtedness. Where security has been granted over assets of the Issuers or the Guarantor to secure 
indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuers or the Guarantor, such indebtedness will rank in 
priority over the Notes and other unsecured indebtedness of the Issuers or the Guarantor in respect of such assets. In relation 
to the assets and indebtedness of Stellantis N.V.’s subsidiaries, see also “Risk Factors—Stellantis N.V. is a holding company, 
which creates structural subordination risks for the holders of the Notes” above. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change of law or administrative practice. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice 
after the date of issue of the relevant Notes and any such change could materially impact the value of the Notes affected by it. 
Risks that May Be Related to Particular Series of Notes 
Different types of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which present 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the relevant Issuer may 
elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can 
be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high 
as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that may convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to 
a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary 
market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest result for 
Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may 
be less favourable than then-prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to 
a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then-prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more 
in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer 
the remaining terms of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for floating 
rate Notes. In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on

--- Page 41 ---
-41- 
 
SONIA and SOFR, including term SONIA and SOFR reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation 
of an average SONIA or SOFR rate over a designated term). The development of SONIA and SOFR rates as interest reference 
rates for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA and SOFR based rates for such market and the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect 
the market price of the Notes. 
The use of SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms of the substance of the 
calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing 
SONIA and SOFR. In particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR methodologies have been used in 
SOFR linked notes issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding 
formula or the weighted average formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs significantly from that set 
out in the terms and conditions as applicable to Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that may be issued under the Programme. 
Furthermore, the Issuers may, in the future, issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that may be issued under the Programme. In addition, 
the manner of adoption or application of SONIA or SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. 
Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA or SOFR reference rates across 
these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from their LIBOR predecessors and EURIBOR (and other frequently referenced term rates based 
on inter- bank lending) in a number of material respects and have a limited history. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from their LIBOR predecessors and EURIBOR (and other frequently referenced term rates based on 
inter- bank lending) in a number of material respects, including that SONIA and SOFR are backwards-looking, whereas 
EURIBOR and similar rates are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-
bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that SONIA or SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference 
rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore 
will perform differently over time to EURIBOR which is an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR began 
on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks 
or other market rates. 
Publication of SONIA (in its current form) and SOFR began in April 2018 and they therefore have a limited history. The 
future performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical performance. 
The level of SONIA and SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SONIA or 
SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to SONIA and SOFR such as 
correlations, may change in the future. Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of future 
performance of such alternative reference rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, as regards a regular Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such period is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to estimate reliably the amount of 
interest which will be payable on Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade 
such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of Notes referencing 
SONIA or SOFR. Further, in contrast to EURIBOR or other similar term-based Notes, if Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR 
become due and payable under Condition 9, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, 
the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending 
immediately prior to the date on which such Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR or discontinue 
SONIA or SOFR. 
The Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA or SOFR, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, including changes related to the method by 
which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or 
timing related to the publication of SONIA or SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on Notes

--- Page 42 ---
-42- 
 
referencing SONIA or SOFR will apply). The relevant administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders 
when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR. 
Risks Related to the Market Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk 
and credit risk: 
Investors may not have access to a liquid secondary market into which to sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the Notes does 
develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar instruments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for 
Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. In addition, 
liquidity for the Notes may be limited depending on the level of concentration of allocations made to investors. Illiquidity 
may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Investors will face the risks of exchange rate fluctuations and possible exchange controls. 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments under the Guarantee 
(where applicable) in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. Appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative 
to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of 
the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Investors will face interest-rate risks. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the 
value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value 
of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
“benchmarks”.  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including EURIBOR, CNH HIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or any 
other interest rates or indices) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and 
the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or

--- Page 43 ---
-43- 
 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”), among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks 
and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorized by the Financial Conduct Authority or registered on the Financial Conduct Authority 
register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark” (including EURIBOR, CNH HIBOR, SONIA or SOFR), in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of a “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. 
Investors should be aware that the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference 
EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
On May 11, 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events 
and fallback rates. 
Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying 
with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmark”: (i) discourage 
or prevent market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules 
or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes 
or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR, CNH HIBOR, 
SONIA or SOFR. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR, CNH HIBOR, SONIA or SOFR. 
Future discontinuance of certain “benchmark” rates (such as EURIBOR) may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate 
Notes which are linked to or reference such “benchmarks”.  
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Interest – Benchmark Event)) (which, amongst other events, includes the 
permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Interest – Benchmark Event)) occurs, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Interest – 
Benchmark Event)), to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) (as defined in 
Condition 4(c) (Interest – Benchmark Event)) to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. The use of any such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and an Adjustment Spread (if any) to determine the Rate of Interest will result in Notes linked to or 
referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than 
they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference Rate is determined by the Independent 
Adviser, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the terms and conditions of the Notes, as 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes also 
provide that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Interest – Benchmark Event)) may be determined by the 
Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. The aim of the Adjustment Spread is to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate.

--- Page 44 ---
-44- 
 
However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an Adjustment Spread is applied, 
such Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders and Couponholders. 
If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the 
Rate of Interest. 
The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result 
in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. There is also a 
risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by 
the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to 
any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may not be able to determine a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or the Independent Adviser is unable to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), the Rate of Interest for the next succeeding Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs 
before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial Rate of Interest. Applying the initial Rate 
of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, will result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply, or 
if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser fails to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate for the life of the relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This 
will result in the Floating Rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. 
Risks related to Notes Denominated in Renminbi  
The Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of the Renminbi 
into and outside the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of CNY Notes. 
The Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the “PRC Government”) continues 
to regulate conversion between the Renminbi and foreign currencies, despite significant reduction in control by it in recent 
years over trade transactions involving the import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign 
exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
Although starting from October 1, 2016, the Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the 
International Monetary Fund and policies for further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions 
in foreign currencies were issued, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise control 
over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be 
discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or 
eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the 
future which have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of 
transactions categorised as capital account items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific 
requirements or restrictions set out in such rules. In the event that any regulatory restrictions inhibit the ability of the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to repatriate funds outside the PRC to meet its obligations under the CNY Notes, 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, will need to source Renminbi offshore to finance such obligations 
under the CNY Notes, and its ability to do so will be subject to the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. 
For further details in respect of the remittance of Renminbi into and outside the PRC, see “Remittance of Renminbi into and 
outside the PRC” below.

--- Page 45 ---
-45- 
 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the CNY Notes and the 
ability of the relevant Issuer or Guarantor to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the CNY Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of 
Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited. The People’s Bank of China (“PBoC”), the central bank of the PRC, has also 
established Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms for participating banks in various countries, through settlement 
agreements (the “Settlement Agreements”) on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions in a number of 
financial centres and cities (each, a “Renminbi Clearing Bank”) and these Renminbi Clearing Banks have been permitted to 
engage in the settlement of Renminbi trade transactions. 
However, the current size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. There are restrictions imposed 
by the PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating 
to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi 
liquidity support from the PBoC. The relevant Renminbi Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from the 
PBoC for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions. The relevant 
Renminbi Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign 
exchange transactions or conversion services. In each case, the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside 
the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is subject to 
many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC regulations 
will not be promulgated or the Settlement Agreements will not be terminated or amended in the future so as to have the effect 
of restricting the availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect 
the liquidity of the CNY Notes. To the extent the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, is required to source 
Renminbi outside the PRC to service the CNY Notes, there is no assurance that it will be able to source such Renminbi on 
satisfactory terms, if at all. If the Renminbi is not available in certain circumstances as described in the CNY Notes, the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, can make payments under the CNY Notes in U.S. dollars or another 
specified currency. 
Investment in the CNY Notes is subject to exchange rate risks and the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may make payments 
of interest and principal in U.S. dollars in certain circumstances. 
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC, by international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. In addition, although the 
primary obligation of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, is to make all payments of interest and principal 
with respect to the CNY Notes in Renminbi, in the event access to Renminbi in Hong Kong becomes restricted to the extent 
that, by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each as defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”), the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, is unable to pay interest or principal in Renminbi in Hong 
Kong, the terms of the CNY Notes allow the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to make payment in U.S. 
dollars or another specified currency at the prevailing spot rate of exchange, all as provided for in more detail in Condition 
5(g) (Payment - Payment of Alternative Currency Equivalent). As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. 
dollar or other foreign currency terms may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the market place. If the 
value of Renminbi depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currencies, the value of the investment in 
U.S. dollars or other applicable foreign currency terms, as the case may be, will decline. 
Payments in respect of the CNY Notes will only be made to investors in the manner specified in the CNY Notes. 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account information) in order 
to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for 
participating banks in Hong Kong. Except in the limited circumstances stipulated in Condition 5(g) (Payments - Payment of 
Alternative Currency Equivalent), all payments to investors in respect of the CNY Notes will be made solely (i) for so long 
as the CNY Notes are represented by a Global Note, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in 
accordance with prevailing rules and procedures of the relevant clearing systems, or (ii) for so long as the CNY Notes are in 
definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and 
regulations. Other than as described in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, none of the Issuers nor the Guarantor can be 
required to make payment by any other means (including in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in 
the PRC).

--- Page 46 ---
-46- 
 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the CNY Notes. 
In considering whether to invest in the CNY Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers with regard to the 
application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising under the laws of any other 
tax jurisdictions. The value of the Holder's investment in the CNY Notes may be materially and adversely affected if the 
Holder is required to pay PRC tax with respect to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those CNY 
Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
-47- 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The information contained in certain pages of the documents referred to in paragraphs (a) to (f) below have been filed with 
the Central Bank and shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Stellantis as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021, 
and the related notes (the “Stellantis 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements”) and the independent auditor’s 
report thereon contained on pages 220 to 344 (inclusive) and 381-392 (inclusive) of the Annual Report and Form 
20-F of Stellantis N.V. for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the “Stellantis 2021 Annual Report”) available on 
Stellantis N.V.’s website at the link below: 
https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/financial-
reports/Stellantis_NV_2021_Annual_Report.pdf 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Stellantis (previously FCA Group) as of and for the year 
ended December 31, 2020 (the “FCA 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements”) and the independent auditor’s 
report thereon contained on pages 197 to 312 (inclusive) and 347 to 356 (inclusive) of the Annual Report of 
Stellantis (previously FCA Group) for the year ended December 31, 2020 available on Stellantis N.V.’s website at 
the link below: 
https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/financial-
reports/Stellantis_2020_12_31_Annual_Report.pdf 
(c) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of PSA as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 (the 
“PSA 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements”) and the independent auditors’ report thereon contained on pages 
F-1 to F-101 (inclusive) of the Consolidated Financial Statements and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Groupe PSA for the year ended December 31, 2020 available on Stellantis N.V.’s website at the link below: 
https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/financial-
reports/Stellantis_Consolidated_Financial_Statements_and_Management_Discussion_and_Analysis_of_Groupe_
PSA_for_the_year_ended_December_31_2020.pdf 
(d) 
the audited annual statutory stand-alone financial statements of FCFE, including the independent auditor’s report 
thereon, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 available on Stellantis N.V.’s website at the link below: 
https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/bond-info/stellantis/financial-statements-
of-issuer-fcfe/fiat-chrysler-finance-europe-senc-annual-accounts-31122021-fully-executed.pdf 
the audited annual statutory stand-alone financial statements of FCFE, including the independent auditor’s report 
thereon, as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 available on Stellantis N.V.’s website at the link below: 
https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/bond-info/stellantis/financial-statements-
of-issuer-fcfe/fiat-chrysler-finance-europe-senc-annual-accounts-31122020-fully-executed.pdf 
(e) 
the information set out under the headings specified below in the Stellantis 2021 Annual Report available on 
Stellantis N.V.’s website, at the link below: 
https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/financial-
reports/Stellantis_NV_2021_Annual_Report.pdf 
 
Section 
Pages (inclusive) 
Stellantis Overview 
21-43

--- Page 48 ---
-48- 
 
Corporate Governance 
117-119 
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 67 to 118 of the Base Prospectus dated March 19, 2021 
available at: 
https://www.stellantis.com/content/dam/stellantis-corporate/investors/bond-info/stellantis/programme-
documents/stellantis-emtn-base-prospectus.pdf 
Non-incorporated parts of a document referred to in (a) to (f) above are either not relevant for an investor or are covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of the Base Prospectus has been 
delivered, upon the request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference unless such documents have been modified or superseded. Requests for such documents should be directed to any 
Issuer or the Guarantor at its address set out at the end of the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus is available on Stellantis N.V.’s website at https://www.stellantis.com. Copies of the documents 
incorporated by reference herein may be physically inspected at the offices of the Paying Agent in Ireland for the life of the 
Base Prospectus and will also be available on Stellantis N.V.’s website at the links referred to above. Stellantis N.V.’s 
website, as well as its content (except for the documents available at the links mentioned above to the extent incorporated 
by reference herein), do not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor will, in connection with the listing of the Notes on Euronext Dublin, so long as any Notes 
remain outstanding and listed on such exchange, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus, prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a new Base Prospectus as may be required under the Prospectus 
Regulation for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin. Any statement 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in any information or in any of the documents incorporated by reference in, and forming 
part of, this Base Prospectus shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a 
statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes such statement 
provided that such modifying or superseding statement is made by way of a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner that would make the Base Prospectus, as so modified 
or amended, inaccurate or misleading, a new base prospectus will be prepared.

--- Page 49 ---
-49- 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form, with or without interest coupons (“Coupons”) attached. The Notes will be 
issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global note (a “Temporary 
Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a “Permanent Global Note” and, 
together with a Temporary Global Note, each a “Global Note”) which, in either case, will: 
 
(a) 
if, in respect of any Notes other than CMU Notes, the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global 
note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; or 
(c) 
in respect of Global Notes representing CMU Notes, be delivered to a sub-custodian nominated by the 
HKMA as operator of the CMU Service. 
In the case of each Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify whether United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury Regulation Section including, without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010) (“TEFRA C”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor 
U.S. Treasury Regulation Section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) 
(“TEFRA D”) are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than one year, that neither 
TEFRA C nor TEFRA D is applicable. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also indicate 
whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that 
the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common 
Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount 
payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the 
Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are 
not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has 
been received by (in the case of the Notes other than CMU Notes) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (in case of CMU Notes) the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent and (in the case of a 
Temporary Global Note delivered to the Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is, in respect of each Tranche in respect of which a Temporary Global 
Note is issued, 40 days after the Temporary Global Note is issued, interests in such Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the 
same Series or (ii) definitive Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms and in the case of definitive Notes, subject to such notice period as is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), and (iii) in each case, against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification 
has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive 
definitive Notes. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or 
other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for

--- Page 50 ---
-50- 
 
an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. The CMU Service may 
require that any such exchange for a Permanent Global Note is made in whole and not in part, and in such event no such 
exchange will be effected until all relevant account holders (as set out in a CMU Instrument Position Report (as defined in the 
rules of the CMU Service) or any other relevant notification supplied to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent by the CMU 
Service) have so certified. The CMU Service may require the issue and deposit of such Permanent Global Note with its sub-
custodian without permitting the withdrawal of the Temporary Global Note so exchanged, although any interests exchanged 
thereon shall have been properly effected in its records. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note issued in exchange for a Temporary 
Global Note, or issued pursuant to TEFRA C, will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against 
presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Note (if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to 
be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
In respect of a Global Note held through the CMU Service, payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts will 
be made to the person(s) for whose account(s) interests in the relevant Global Note are credited (as set out in a CMU Instrument 
Position Report or in any other relevant notification supplied to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent by the CMU Service) 
and, save in the case of final payment, no presentation of the relevant Global Note shall be required for such purpose. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not 
in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached either (a) upon not less than 60 days’ 
written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Global Note) to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein and/or (in the case of CMU Notes) from the 
relevant accountholders therein to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent as described therein, or (b) only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event. 
For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default)) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and, 
in the case of CMU Notes, the CMU Service have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done 
so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The 
relevant Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) if an Exchange Event 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) and/or (in the case of CMU Notes), the relevant 
accountholders therein, may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the CMU Lodging and Paying 
Agent, requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant 
Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent, 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice 
by the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent. 
Where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following legend will appear on all Notes (other than 
Temporary Global Notes), and on all interest coupons relating to all such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER 
THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) 
AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct any loss on 
Notes or Coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or 
payment of principal in respect of such Notes or Coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable, and payment in respect of them will only be made, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU Service, as 
the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal Paying Agent or, 
as the case may be, the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent shall arrange that, when a Tranche of Notes is issued which is 
intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a

--- Page 51 ---
-51- 
 
common code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CMU instrument number which are different from the common code, ISIN 
and, where applicable, CMU instrument number assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
CMU Service each person (other than Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU Service) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU Service, as applicable, as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the CMU Service, as applicable, as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global 
Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the relevant Global Note, and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of 
Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notwithstanding the above, if a Note (whether in global or definitive form) is held through the CMU Service, any payment 
that is made in respect of such Note shall be made at the direction of the bearer to the person(s) for whose account(s) interests 
in such Note are credited as being held through the CMU Service in accordance with prevailing CMU rules and procedures at 
the relevant time as notified to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent by the CMU Service in a relevant CMU Instrument 
Position Report or any other relevant notification by the CMU Service (which notification, in either case, shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the CMU Service as to the identity of any accountholder and the principal amount of any Note 
credited to its account, save in the case of manifest error) and such payments shall discharge the obligation of the relevant 
Issuer in respect of that payment under such Note. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU Service shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated automatically by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default). In such circumstances, if any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) 
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount 
due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then, unless within the period of seven days 
commencing on the relevant due date, payment in full of the amount due in respect of the Global Note, is received by the 
bearer, as the case may be, in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note, holders of interests in such Global Note 
credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU Service, as the case may be, will 
become entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU Service on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) 
dated March 15, 2022 and executed by the Issuers.

--- Page 52 ---
-52- 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing 
the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] . Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital 
markets products] / [capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP

--- Page 53 ---
-53- 
 
Regulations 2018) and are [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1  
 
[Date] 
[STELLANTIS N.V./ 
FIAT CHRYSLER FINANCE EUROPE société en nom collectif, Dutch Branch]  
 
 (Existing as a general partnership under the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 412F, Route d’Esch, L-2086 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies 
(Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg) under number B-59500 and, as the context requires, acting through its Dutch branch at 
Taurusavenue 1, 2132LS Hoofddorp, The Netherlands (the “Dutch Branch”)) 
 
 
Stellantis N.V. Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) : 549300LKT9PW7ZIBDF31 /  
Fiat Chrysler Finance Europe société en nom collectif, Dutch Branch Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300WNB3BQ4638PG80] 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]  
[Guaranteed by Stellantis N.V.] 
under the €30,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated March 15, 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [ ] (together, the “Base Prospectus”) [which together constitute] / [which 
constitutes] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]†. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]‡ and 
must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus 
and these Final Terms are available for viewing at https://www.stellantis.com/en/investors/bond-info and copies may be 
obtained from the Issuer [and the Guarantor] at [its/their respective] [principal executive] [and] [registered] office[s]. Stellantis 
N.V.’s website, as well as its content (except for any documents available at the links referred to in the Base Prospectus to the 
extent incorporated by reference therein) does not form part of the Base Prospectus or of these Final Terms. 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base 
Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated March 19, 2021 and the supplements dated May 13, 2021, October 14, 2021 and March 4, 2022, which are incorporated 
by reference in the Base Prospectus dated March 15, 2022 [and the supplement[s] dated [ ]. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated March 15, 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [ ] ([together,] the “Supplement[s]”)], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all the relevant information. [The [Base Prospectus] 
[and 
the 
Supplement[s] 
to 
the 
Base 
Prospectus] 
[is] 
[are] 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
https://www.stellantis.com/en/investors/bond-info and copies may be obtained from the Issuer [and the Guarantor] at [its/their 
respective] [principal executive] [and] [registered] office[s]. Stellantis N.V.’s website, as well as its content (except for any 
                                                          
1 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.  
†  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
‡  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 54 ---
-54- 
 
documents available at the links referred to in the Base Prospectus to the extent incorporated by reference therein) does not 
form part of the Base Prospectus or of these Final Terms. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which case the 
subparagraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final 
Terms.] 
[If the Notes must be redeemed before the first anniversary of their date of issue, the minimum denomination may need to be 
£100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Stellantis N.V./Fiat Chrysler Finance Europe société en nom 
collectif, Dutch Branch  
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Stellantis N.V./Not Applicable] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 26 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]]]/[Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] percent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
Interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 or 
equivalent. Where multiple denominations above [€100,000] or 
equivalent are being used the following sample wording should 
be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above [€199,000]”. 
(N.B. If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT admitted to trading on a 
European Economic Area exchange; and (ii) only offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus 
is not required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the €100,000 minimum denomination is not 
required) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount for Notes in 
definitive form (in relation to calculation of 
interest for Notes in global form - see 
Conditions): 
[ ] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common factor in the 
case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]

--- Page 55 ---
-55- 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date or for Floating rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
(N.B. for certain Fixed Rate Notes, including Notes 
denominated in Renminbi, where the Interest Payment Dates 
are subject to modification it will be necessary to use the second 
option.) 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] percent Fixed Rate] 
[[ ]-month [EURIBOR/CNH HIBOR/SONIA/SOFR] +/- [ ] 
percent Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph[s] [16], [17], [18], below) 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 percent 
of their nominal amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For 
the 
period 
from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date], paragraph 
[16/17] applies, and for the period from (and including) [date], 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [16/17] 
applies / Not Applicable] 
12. 
Alternative Currency Equivalent: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs. Where 
Notes are denominated in Renminbi, it is expected that this 
paragraph will be marked “Applicable”. If so, the sub-
paragraphs below should be completed.) 
 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Alternative Currency Calculation 
Agent: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Rate Calculation Jurisdiction: 
[ ] 
(N.B. This shall be Eurozone where the Specified Currency is 
Euro or Hong Kong where the Specified Currency is Renminbi) 
 
(iv) 
Rate Calculation Business Days: 
[ ] 
(N.B. This shall be “two” where the Specified Currency is 
Renminbi) 
 
[(v) 
RMB Spot Rate:] 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] [Include an RMB Spot Rate only where 
the Notes are denominated in Renminbi and the default RMB 
Spot Rate is not applicable] 
 
[(vi) 
Spot Rate Screen Page:] 
[ ] [Delete where the Notes are denominated in Renminbi and 
sub-paragraph (v) is marked “Not Applicable”] 
 
[(vii) 
Non-deliverable Spot Rate Screen 
Page:] 
[ ] [Delete where the Notes are denominated in Renminbi and 
sub-paragraph (v) is marked “Not Applicable”] 
 
[(viii) 
Spot Rate Calculation Time:] 
 
[ ] [Delete where the Notes are denominated in Renminbi and 
sub-paragraph (v) is marked “Not Applicable”] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-whole Call]

--- Page 56 ---
-56- 
 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
(see paragraph[s] [19][20][21][22] and [23] below) 
14. 
[Date [board of directors’] approval for 
issuance of Notes [and Guarantee] 
obtained] 
[and [ ] respectively] [and in respect to FCFE: on [ ] by the 
Board of Managers of Fiat Chrysler Finance Europe société en 
nom collectif, Dutch Branch and on [ ] by the manager of the 
Dutch Branch] 
(N.B. Only relevant where board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes or related 
Guarantee) 
15. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[ 
] 
percent 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date/[specify 
other] 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of long or short 
coupons) 
(N.B. For certain Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes, 
the Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification and the 
following words should be added: 
“provided that if any Interest Payment Date falls on a day 
which is not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will 
be the next succeeding Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall in the next calendar month in which event the Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. For these purposes, “Business Day” 
means a day, other than a Saturday or a Sunday on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and currency deposits) in Hong 
Kong and […]”.) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes in global form - see 
Conditions): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Notes where the 
Interest Payment Dates are subject to modification the 
following alternative wording is appropriate: 
“Each Fixed Coupon Amount shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the 
Calculation Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.005 being 
rounded upwards in the case of Renminbi denominated Fixed 
Rate Notes”.)

--- Page 57 ---
-57- 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes in global form - see 
Conditions): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [ ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30 / 360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / [for Renminbi 
denominated Fixed Rate Notes - Actual/365(Fixed)]] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[ ] in each year / [Not Applicable] 
[Insert interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.] (N.B. 
This will need to be amended in the case of regular interest 
payment dates which are not of equal duration.) 
(N.B. Only relevant where Fixed Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))  
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (ii) below / not subject to 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (ii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention / Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[ ] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[ ]-month [EURIBOR/CNH HIBOR] [SONIA][SOFR] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[ ] 
[(the second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR or the second 
Hong Kong business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if CNH HIBOR)] 
[[ ] Business Day[s] prior to the end of each Interest Period or, 
if earlier, prior to the date on which the Notes are redeemed]2 
 
– Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
                                                          
2 To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA or SOFR, without the prior agreement of 
the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 58 ---
-58- 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the fall-
back provisions appropriately) 
 
– Calculation Method: 
[Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily/Index 
Determination] 
 
– Compounded Index: 
[SONIA Compounded Index/SOFR Compounded Index/Not 
Applicable] 
 
– Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
 
– Observation Look-back Period: 
[ ]/Not Applicable3 
 
– ARRC Fallbacks: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] – applicable if SOFR is the 
Reference Rate only 
 
– D: 
[365/360/[ ]] 
 
– Relevant Decimal Place: 
[five/seven/[ ]] 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
 
– Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(N.B. The first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] percent per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] percent per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] percent per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 or Actual/Actual 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] percent per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
                                                          
3 The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest Determination Date. 
“Observation Look-back Period” is only applicable where “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is selected as the Observation Method; otherwise, select “Not 
Applicable”.

--- Page 59 ---
-59- 
 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and late 
payment in accordance with 
Conditions 6(h)(iii) and (k): 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
[(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ]] 
 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions):4 
[Minimum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
20. 
Make-whole Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
 Reference Bond: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
 Make-whole Margin: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
 Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions):5 
[Minimum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Parties to be notified (if other than the 
Principal Paying Agent and the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent) 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Make-whole Calculation Agent (which 
shall not be the Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[ ] 
21. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call Option 
[Applicable]/ [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
                                                          
4  
If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its principal paying agent. 
5 
 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its principal paying agent.

--- Page 60 ---
-60- 
 
 
Notice periods (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 6 
[Minimum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
22. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
 
Clean-Up Percentage (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions):  
Notice periods (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions):7 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[●] percent/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Minimum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [ ] days]/[Not Applicable] 
23. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount of each note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for definitive Notes [on 60 days’ 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event]. 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes on 
and after the Exchange Date.] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes [on 
60 days’ notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event]] 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in the “Form of 
the Notes” section in the Base Prospectus and the Notes 
themselves. N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: “[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes 
which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for definitive Notes)  
                                                          
6 
 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its principal paying agent. 
7 
 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its principal paying agent.

--- Page 61 ---
-61- 
 
27. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[give details]] 
 
 
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment and not 
Interest Period end dates to which item 17(iii) relates) 
 
 
 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, Talons 
may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more than 
27 coupon payments are still to be made. The Talon will mature 
on the Specified Interest Payment Date falling on [month] 
[year] (insert the [25th] Specified Interest Payment Date)/No.] 
 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin of the Notes described herein pursuant to the €30,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of Fiat Chrysler 
Finance Europe société en nom collectif acting through its Dutch Branch as Issuer and Stellantis N.V. as Issuer and Guarantor. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the Guarantor] accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [ ]. [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirm[s] that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [ ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By:  ..........................................  
Duly authorised 
By:  ..........................................  
Duly authorised]

--- Page 62 ---
-62- 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
2. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been]/[will be] made [to Euronext Dublin] for 
the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its 
regulated market on [ ] with effect from [ ].] 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[ ] 
3. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be]/[have 
not been] rated[:][.] 
 
[S&P: 
[ ]] 
[Moody’s 
[ ]] 
[Fitch 
[ ]] 
[DBRS [ ]] 
 
[[[EU established/EU-registered CRA] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009/EC (as amended, the “CRA Regulation”), and is 
included in the list of registered and certified credit ratings 
agencies published on the website of the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. The ESMA’s website and its content do not form 
part of the Base Prospectus or of these Final Terms.] 
[[Non-EU established/EU-certified CRA] is not established in 
the European Union but has been certified under the CRA 
Regulation and is included in the list of registered and certified 
credit rating agencies published on the web site of the ESMA. 
The ESMA’s website and its content do not form part of the 
Base Prospectus or these Final Terms.] 
[[Non-EU established CRA/non-EU certified CRA] is not 
established in the European Union and is not registered or 
certified under the CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
In general, and subject to certain exceptions, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a credit rating for 
regulatory purposes if such credit rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. 
Subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set out in Article 4(3) 
of the CRA Regulation, a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (an “EU CRA”) may endorse (for regulatory 
purposes in the European Union) credit ratings issued outside 
the European Union where (i) the credit rating activities 
resulting in the issuing of the credit rating are undertaken in

--- Page 63 ---
-63- 
 
whole or in part by a credit rating agency or credit rating 
agencies belonging to the same group (a “non-EU CRA”); and 
(ii) the EU CRA has verified and is able to demonstrate on an 
on-going basis to ESMA that the conduct of the credit rating 
activities by the non-EU CRA resulting in the issuing of the 
credit rating to be endorsed fulfils requirements which are “at 
least as stringent as” the requirements of the CRA Regulation. 
[On [date of decision], ESMA announced that it considers the 
regulatory framework for credit rating agencies established in 
[country of non-EU established CRA/non-EU certified CRA] to 
be “as stringent as” the requirements of the CRA Regulation. 
[EU-established/EU-registered 
affiliate 
of 
non-EU 
established/non-EU certified CRA] currently endorses credit 
ratings issued by [non-EU established/non-EU certified CRA] 
for regulatory purposes in the European Union. [EU-
established/EU-registered affiliate of non-EU established/non-
EU certified CRA] has been registered under the CRA 
Regulation and appears on the list of registered credit rating 
agencies on ESMA’s website. The ESMA’s website and its 
content do not form part of the Base Prospectus or of these Final 
Terms. There can be no assurance that [EU-established/EU-
registered affiliate of non-EU established/non-EU certified 
CRA] will continue to endorse credit ratings issued by [non-EU 
established/non-EU certified CRA].]] 
In addition, subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set out in 
Article 5 and elsewhere in the CRA Regulation, credit ratings 
that are related to entities established or financial instruments 
issued in countries outside the European Union and that are 
issued by a credit rating agency established in a country outside 
the European Union may only be used for regulatory purposes 
within the European Union without being endorsed under 
Article 4(3) of the CRA Regulation if (amongst other 
requirements) the European Commission has adopted an 
equivalence decision in accordance with Article 5(6) of the 
CRA Regulation, recognising the legal and supervisory 
framework of the relevant country as equivalent to the 
requirements of the CRA Regulation. 
[On [date of decision], the European Commission passed 
Implementing Decision [decision number] which provided that 
the legal and supervisory framework for credit rating agencies 
in [country in which non-EU established / EU certified CRA is 
established] shall be considered equivalent to the requirements 
of the CRA Regulation.] 
(The above disclosure should be amended to reflect (i) the 
rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically 
rated, that rating; and/or (ii) the credit rating agency issuing 
the credit rating, in each case in accordance with the 
applicable requirements of the CRA Regulation.) 
[[[UK established/UK registered CRA] is established in the 
[United Kingdom] and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009/EC as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by the 
Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019 (the “UK CRA Regulation”), and is included 
in the list of registered and certified credit ratings agencies

--- Page 64 ---
-64- 
 
published on the website of the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (“Financial Conduct Authority”) in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation. The Financial Conduct Authority’s 
website and its content do not form part of the Base Prospectus 
or of these Final Terms and have not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.] 
[[Non-UK established /UK certified CRA] is not established in 
the United Kingdom but has been certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation and is included in the list of registered and certified 
credit rating agencies published on the website of the Financial 
Conduct Authority. The Financial Conduct Authority’s website 
and its content do not form part of the Base Prospectus or these 
Final Terms and have not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland.] 
[[Non-UK established CRA/non-UK certified CRA] is not 
established in the UK and is not registered or certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
In general, and subject to certain exceptions, United Kingdom 
regulated investors are restricted from using a credit rating for 
regulatory purposes if such credit rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set out in Article 4(3) 
of the UK CRA Regulation, a credit rating agency established 
in the United Kingdom and registered in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation (a “UK CRA”) may endorse (for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom) credit ratings 
issued outside the United Kingdom where (i) the credit rating 
activities resulting in the issuing of the credit rating are 
undertaken in whole or in part by a credit rating agency or credit 
rating agencies belonging to the same group (a “non-UK 
CRA”); and (ii) the UK CRA has verified and is able to 
demonstrate on an ongoing basis to the Financial Conduct 
Authority that the conduct of the credit rating activities by the 
non-UK CRA resulting in the issuing of the credit rating to be 
endorsed fulfils requirements which are “at least as stringent 
as” the requirements of the UK CRA Regulation. 
[On [date of decision], the Financial Conduct Authority 
announced that it considers the regulatory framework for credit 
rating agencies established in [country of non-UK established 
CRA/non-EU certified CRA] to be “as stringent as” the 
requirements of the UK CRA Regulation. [UK-established/UK-
registered affiliate of non-UK established/non-UK certified 
CRA] currently endorses credit ratings issued by [non-UK 
established /non-UK certified CRA] for regulatory purposes in 
the United Kingdom. [UK-established/UK-registered affiliate 
of non-UK established/ non-UK certified CRA] has been 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and appears on the 
list of registered credit rating agencies on the Financial Conduct 
Authority’s website. The Financial Conduct Authority’s 
website and its content do not form part of the Base Prospectus 
or of these Final Terms and have not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. There can be no

--- Page 65 ---
-65- 
 
assurance that [UK-established/ UK-registered affiliate of non-
UK established/non-UK certified CRA] will continue to endorse 
credit ratings issued by [non-UK established/non-UK certified 
CRA].]] 
In addition, subject to the fulfilment of the conditions set out in 
Article 5 and elsewhere in the UK CRA Regulation, credit 
ratings that are related to entities established or financial 
instruments issued in countries outside the United Kingdom and 
that are issued by a credit rating agency established in a country 
outside the United Kingdom may only be used for regulatory 
purposes within the United Kingdom without being endorsed 
under Article 4(3) of the UK CRA Regulation if (amongst other 
requirements) HM Treasury has made regulations in 
accordance with Article 5(6) of the UK CRA Regulation, 
recognising the legal and supervisory framework of the relevant 
country as equivalent to the requirements of the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
[On [date of regulations coming into effect], [insert name of 
regulations], which provide that the legal and supervisory 
framework for credit rating agencies in [country in which non-
UK established / UK certified CRA is established] shall be 
considered equivalent to the requirements of the UK CRA 
Regulation, came into effect.] 
(The above disclosure should be amended to reflect (i) the 
rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically 
rated, that rating; and/or (ii) the credit rating agency issuing 
the credit rating, in each case in accordance with the 
applicable requirements of the UK CRA Regulation.) 
 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Reasons for the offer: 
[ ] 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in [Base] Prospectus/Give details] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in [Base] Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the [Base] 
Prospectus, give details here.) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
 
5. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to the issue, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in lending and in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business”. 
[Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
6. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)

--- Page 66 ---
-66- 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
If syndicated, name of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
 
[Reg. S Compliance Category: 2] 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no KID 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no KID 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(Where the Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers is 
specified to be “Not Applicable”, Belgian law advice should be 
sought in relation to the applicable Final Terms.) 
 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
CMU Instrument Number: 
[Not Applicable/[ ]] 
(iv) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[   ], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[   ], as updated, as set out on] the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or available, 
it /they should be specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and 
the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[The Notes will be cleared through the Central Moneymarkets 
Unit Service.] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 67 ---
-67- 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of Paying 
Agent(s): 
[give name(s) and address(es)] 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s), if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and address(es)] 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with Euroclear 
or Clearstream as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra- day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the Notes designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable 
of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 68 ---
-68- 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as 
defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange (if any) and agreed 
by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in case of Guaranteed Notes) and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so 
permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes shall complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose 
of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each 
Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of 
the Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Issuer” shall be references to the party specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (as defined 
below). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 
March 15, 2022 and made between (inter alia) the Issuers, Stellantis N.V. in its capacity as Guarantor (as defined below), 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which 
expression shall include any successor principal paying agent), and Citicorp International Limited as lodging and paying agent 
with respect to the CMU Notes (the “CMU Lodging and Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any successor lodging 
and paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent and the CMU Lodging 
and Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”), all references to the Principal Paying Agent shall, with 
respect to a Series of Notes to be held in the CMU Service (as defined below), be deemed to be a reference to the CMU 
Lodging and Paying Agent (other than in relation to the determination of interest and other amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes) and all such references shall be construed accordingly. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued in definitive 
form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference 
herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or 
talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to or 
endorsed on this Note and complete these Conditions and, in the case of a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, may specify other terms and conditions which shall, 
to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions, replace or modify these Conditions for the purpose 
of this Note. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
The payment of all amounts in respect of Notes issued by Fiat Chrysler Finance Europe société en nom collectif, acting through 
its Dutch Branch (the “Guaranteed Notes”) shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Stellantis N.V. (in such 
capacity, the “Guarantor”) pursuant to a guarantee (such guarantee as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the “Guarantee”) dated March 15, 2022 executed by the Guarantor. Under the Guarantee, Stellantis N.V. has 
guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all amounts due under such Guaranteed Notes.

--- Page 69 ---
-69- 
 
The original of the Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, in 
each case of the Guaranteed Notes, at its specified office. References herein to the Guarantor shall only be relevant where the 
Issuer is Fiat Chrysler Finance Europe société en nom collectif, acting through its Dutch Branch.  
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and shall, in relation 
to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. 
Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and “Series” means a 
Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form 
a single series and (ii) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant (such deed of covenant as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated March 15, 2022 and made (inter alia) 
by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the Common Depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent and the 
other Paying Agents (such agents being together referred to as the “Agents”) or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder 
following their prior written request to any Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the 
relevant Agent). Copies of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office of 
each of the Agents save that, if this Note is an unlisted Note of any Series, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable 
by a Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Notes of that Series, and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee (where 
applicable), the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings 
where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated; provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In these Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and 
the Specified Denomination(s). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to 
Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the Guarantor (where 
applicable) and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon 
as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon 
or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice 
to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.

--- Page 70 ---
-70- 
 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), and/or the Hong Kong Monetary 
Authority (“HKMA”) as operator of the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service (the “CMU Service” or “CMU”), each 
person (other than Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or the CMU Service) who is for the time being shown in 
the records of Euroclear, of Clearstream, Luxembourg or of the CMU Service as the holder of a particular nominal 
amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the CMU Service as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (where applicable) and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) and 
any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. Payment in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will only be made, in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU Service, as the 
case may be. 
Notwithstanding the above, if a Note (whether in global or definitive form) is held through the CMU Service, any 
payment that is made in respect of such Note shall be made at the direction of the bearer to the person(s) for whose 
account(s) interests in such Note are credited as being held through the CMU Service in accordance with prevailing 
CMU rules and procedures at the relevant time as notified to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent by the CMU 
Service in a relevant “CMU Instrument Position Report” (as defined in the rules of the CMU Service) or any other 
relevant notification by the CMU Service (which notification, in either case, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the CMU Service as to the identity of any accountholder and the principal amount of any Note credited to 
its account, save in the case of manifest error) and such payments shall discharge the obligation of the relevant Issuer 
in respect of that payment under such Note. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures 
for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU Service, as the case may be. References to 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU Service shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes and any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and (subject as aforesaid) rank 
and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves, with all other present and future 
outstanding unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (subject to mandatorily preferred 
obligations under applicable laws). 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Guaranteed Notes and any 
related Coupons has been irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Guarantee. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and 
(subject as aforesaid) rank and will rank pari passu with all other present and future outstanding unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor (subject to mandatorily preferred obligations under 
applicable laws). 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
Negative Pledge: So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement) 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (where applicable) will (unless previously authorised by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders) create or have 
outstanding any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, encumbrance or other security interest (“Lien”) (other than 
a Permitted Lien) upon the whole or any part of its undertaking or assets (including uncalled capital), present 
or future, to secure any Quoted Indebtedness (as defined below) or any Qualifying Guarantee of such Quoted 
Indebtedness, unless in any such case the same security (or such other security as may be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders) shall forthwith be extended equally and rateably to the Notes

--- Page 71 ---
-71- 
 
(or, in the case of a Lien securing any Quoted Indebtedness that is subordinated or junior in right of payment 
to the Notes or the Guarantee (where applicable), secured by a Lien on such property, assets or proceeds 
that is senior in priority to such Lien). 
For the purpose of these Conditions and the Guarantee (where applicable): 
(i) 
“Stellantis” means Stellantis N.V. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries consolidated in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the IASB, including all 
interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European 
Union; and 
(ii) 
“Financial Services Subsidiary” means a subsidiary of Stellantis N.V.: 
(A) which carries on no material business other than the offer and sale of financial services 
products to customers of Members of Stellantis (and other related support activities incidental to 
the offer and sale of such financial services products including, without limitation, input financing 
and rental business activities) in any of the following areas: 
(1) 
retail financing for the purchase, contract hire or lease of new or old equipment 
manufactured by a Member of Stellantis or any other manufacturer whose 
products are from time to time sold through the dealer network of a Member of 
Stellantis; 
(2) 
other retail and wholesale financing programmes reasonably related thereto, 
including, without limitation, financing to the dealer network of any Member of 
Stellantis; 
(3) 
insurance and credit card products and services reasonably related thereto, 
together with the underwriting, marketing, servicing and other related support 
activities incidental to the offer and sale of such financial services products; and 
(4) 
factoring and/or licensed banking activities; or 
(B) a holding company of a Financial Services Subsidiary which carries on no material business 
or activity other than holding shares in that Financial Services Subsidiary and/or activities 
described in paragraph (A) above; 
(iii) 
“Indebtedness” means any indebtedness (whether principal, premium or interest) for or in respect 
of (A) any notes, bonds, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities, (B) any Loan Financing, 
or (C) any liability under or in respect of any banker’s acceptance or banker’s acceptance credit; 
provided, that (x) Indebtedness of a Member of Stellantis to any other Member of Stellantis and 
(y) Indebtedness that qualifies as Non-recourse Securitisation Debt shall, in each case, not be 
deemed to be Indebtedness for purposes of this Condition 3 or any other purpose of these 
Conditions or the Guarantee (where applicable); 
(iv) 
“Industrial Subsidiary” means each subsidiary of Stellantis N.V. other than a Financial Services 
Subsidiary; 
(v) 
“Loan Financing” means any money borrowed from (A) a bank, financial institution, hedge fund, 
pension fund, or insurance company or (B) any other entity having as its principal business the 
lending of money and/or investing in loans, in each case other than public or quasi-public entities 
or international organisations with a public or quasi-public character; 
(vi) 
“Member of Stellantis” means each of Stellantis N.V. and any direct or indirect subsidiaries it fully 
consolidates on a line by line basis in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union;

--- Page 72 ---
-72- 
 
(vii) 
“Non-recourse Securitisation” means any securitisation, asset backed financing or transaction 
having similar effect under which an entity (or entities in related transactions) on commercially 
reasonable terms: 
(A) acquires receivables for principally cash consideration or uses existing receivables; and 
(B) issues any notes, bonds, commercial paper, loans or other securities (whether or not listed on 
a recognised stock exchange) to fund the purchase of or otherwise backed by those receivables 
and/or any shares or other interests referred to in Condition 3(ix)(C)(2) and the payment 
obligations in respect of such notes, bonds, commercial paper, loans or other securities: 
(1) 
are secured on those receivables; and 
(2) 
are not guaranteed by any Member of Stellantis (other than as a result of any Lien 
which is granted by any Member of Stellantis as permitted by Condition 
3(viii)(C)(2) or as to the extent of any Standard Securitisation Undertakings); 
(viii) 
“Non-recourse Securitisation Debt” means any Indebtedness incurred by a Securitisation Entity 
pursuant to a securitisation of receivables where the recourse in respect of that Indebtedness to the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) is limited to: 
(A) those receivables and/or related insurance and/or any Standard Securitisation Undertakings; 
and 
(B) if those receivables comprise all or substantially all of the business or assets of such 
Securitisation Entity, the shares or other interests of any Member of Stellantis in such 
Securitisation Entity, provided that any Indebtedness not qualifying as Non-recourse 
Securitisation Debt solely because the extent of recourse to any Member of Stellantis with respect 
to such Indebtedness is greater than that provided in clauses (A) and (B) above shall only not 
qualify as Non-recourse Securitisation Debt with respect to the extent of such additional recourse; 
(ix) 
“Permitted Liens” means: 
(A) Liens existing on the Issue Date; or 
(B) Liens arising by operation of law, by contract having an equivalent effect, from rights of set-
off arising in the ordinary course of business between either the Issuer or the Guarantor (where 
applicable) and any of their respective suppliers or customers, or from rights of set-off or netting 
arising by operation of law (or by contract having similar effect) by virtue of the provision to the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) of clearing bank facilities or overdraft facilities; or 
(C) any Lien over: 
(1) 
the receivables of a Securitisation Entity (and any bank account to which such 
proceeds are deposited) which are subject to a Non-recourse Securitisation as 
security for Non-recourse Securitisation Debt raised by such Securitisation Entity 
in respect of such receivables; and/or 
(2) 
the shares or other interests owned by any Member of Stellantis in any 
Securitisation Entity as security for Non-recourse Securitisation Debt raised by 
such Securitisation Entity provided that the receivables or revenues which are the 
subject of the relevant Non-recourse Securitisation comprise all or substantially 
all of the business of such Securitisation Entity; or 
(D) any Liens on assets acquired by a Member of Stellantis after the Issue Date, provided that (i) 
such Lien was existing or agreed to be created at or before the time the relevant asset was acquired 
by a Member of Stellantis, (ii) such Lien was not created in contemplation of such acquisition, 
and (iii) the principal amount then secured does not exceed the principal amount of the committed

--- Page 73 ---
-73- 
 
financing then secured (whether or not drawn), with respect to such assets at the time the relevant 
asset was acquired by a Member of Stellantis; or 
(E) any Lien created to secure all or any part of the purchase price, or to secure Quoted 
Indebtedness incurred or assumed to pay all or any part of the purchase price or cost of 
construction, of property (or any improvement thereon) acquired or constructed by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor (where applicable) after the Issue Date, provided, that (i) any such Lien shall extend 
solely to the item or items of property (or improvement thereon) so acquired or constructed and 
(ii) the principal amount of Quoted Indebtedness secured by any such Lien shall at no time exceed 
an amount equal to the fair market value of such property (or any improvement thereon) at the 
time of such acquisition or construction; or 
(F) any Lien securing Quoted Indebtedness incurred to refinance other indebtedness itself secured 
by a Lien included in clauses (A), (B), (D) or (E) above, but only if the principal amount of the 
Quoted Indebtedness is not increased and only the same assets are secured as were secured by the 
prior Lien; or 
(G) any Lien provided in favour of any bank or governmental (central or local), intergovernmental 
or supranational body, agency, department or other authority securing any Quoted Indebtedness 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) under a loan scheme operated by (or on behalf 
of) Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Economico e Social, Finame, Banco de Minas Gerais, 
a member country of the OECD, Argentina, Brazil, China, India, South Africa or any 
supranational entity (such as the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development or the 
International Finance Corporation) where the provision of such Lien is required for the relevant 
loan; or 
(H) (i) any Lien created on the shares of capital stock of a subsidiary, and (ii) any Lien created on 
the assets of a subsidiary of the type described in Condition 3(ix)(E) other than shares of capital 
stock of a subsidiary. 
(x) 
“Qualifying Guarantee” means a direct or indirect guarantee in respect of any Quoted Indebtedness 
or a direct or indirect indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of any Quoted 
Indebtedness, other than, in each case, by endorsement of negotiable instruments, letters of credit 
or reimbursement agreements in the ordinary course of business; 
(xi) 
“Quoted Indebtedness” means any indebtedness in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, 
debentures, loan stock or other securities and which at the time of issue is, or is capable of being 
quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange or over-the-counter market or other 
securities market (whether or not initially distributed by means of a private placement); 
(xii) 
“Securitisation Entity” means any special purpose vehicle created for the sole purpose of carrying 
out, or otherwise used solely for the purpose of carrying out a Non-recourse Securitisation or any 
other Industrial Subsidiary which is effecting Non-recourse Securitisations; and 
(xiii) 
“Standard Securitisation Undertakings” means representations, warranties, covenants and 
indemnities entered into by any Member of Stellantis from time to time which are customary in 
relation to Non-recourse Securitisations, including any performance undertakings with respect to 
servicing obligations or undertakings with respect to breaches of representations or warranties. 
4. 
INTEREST 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrears on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding)

--- Page 74 ---
-74- 
 
such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date 
will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise rounded in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with this 
Condition 4(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the 
most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(B) in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from and 
including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of 12 
30-day months) divided by 360; and 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Fixed Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 75 ---
-75- 
 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding the 
next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest 
Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, 
and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date or the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date;  
 “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; and  
“sub-unit” means with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrears on either: 
(A) the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an “Interest Payment Date”) in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) if no express Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a “Business Day Convention” is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(b)(i)(B) 
above, the “Floating Rate Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below 
shall apply mutatis mutandis; or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(1) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; 
or 
(B) the “Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day, save in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is 
SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date will not be postponed and interest on that 
payment will not accrue during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest Payment 
Date; or

--- Page 76 ---
-76- 
 
(D) the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and any Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(B) if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open; and 
(C) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than London 
and any Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; or (3) in relation to any sum 
payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets in Hong Kong are open for general business and 
settlement of payments in Renminbi. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where “ISDA Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(B) Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes which 
reference SONIA or SOFR)  
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable

--- Page 77 ---
-77- 
 
Final Terms is not SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
EURIBOR or CNH HIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as at 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or at 
approximately 11:15 a.m. (Hong Kong time, in the case of CNH HIBOR) or if, at or 
around that time it is notified that the fixing will be published at 2:30 p.m. (Hong Kong 
time), then as of 2:30 p.m. (Hong Kong time) (in the case of CNH HIBOR) (such time, 
the “Specified Time”) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement provides that, if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, 
in the case of (1) above, no offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer 
than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Principal 
Paying Agent shall request the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks in 
the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (in the case of a determination of EURIBOR), or the principal Hong Kong office 
of four major banks “dealing in Renminbi” in the Hong Kong inter-bank market (in the 
case of a determination of CNH HIBOR) to provide the Principal Paying Agent with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The Agency Agreement further provides that, if on any Interest Determination Date one 
only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent with an offered 
quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines 
as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) 
the Principal Paying Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the principal Hong Kong office of four 
major banks dealing in Renminbi in the Hong Kong inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is CNH HIBOR), in each case selected by the Principal Paying Agent or as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at

--- Page 78 ---
-78- 
 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one 
or more banks (which bank or banks is of are in the opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable 
for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Eurozone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the principal Hong 
Kong office of four major banks dealing in Renminbi in the Hong Kong inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is CNH HIBOR), in each case selected by the Principal Paying 
Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms, plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(C) Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA or SOFR  
Where “Screen Rate Determination” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms is SONIA or SOFR: 
(1) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Compounded Daily”, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent, where: 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified 
Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant Decimal Place: 
 
Where:  
“Business Day” or “BD”, in this Condition means: (i) where “SONIA” is 
specified as the Reference Rate, a London Business Day and (ii) where “SOFR” 
is specified as the Reference Rate, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day;  
“D” is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“d” is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Business Days 
in such Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 79 ---
-79- 
 
“i” is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, a series of whole numbers from 
one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first Business Day in such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means in relation to any Interest Period: 
a. where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Interest Period; 
b. where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Observation Period relating to such Interest Period; 
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date; 
“New York Fed’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, any successor website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) or 
any successor source; 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the 
number of calendar days from and including such Business Day “i” up to but 
excluding the following Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
and including the date falling “p” Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date which is “p” Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Period: 
a. where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is 
specified five Business Days); 
b. where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, zero; and 
c. where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified two Business Days); 
“r” means: 
a. where in the applicable Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the Reference 
Rate and “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, 
in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business 
Day; 
b. where in the applicable Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the Reference 
Rate and “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, 
in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day;

--- Page 80 ---
-80- 
 
c. where in the applicable Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the Reference 
Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method: 
1. in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the SONIA 
rate in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day, and 
2. in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant 
Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the relevant 
Interest Determination Date); and 
d. where in the applicable Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the Reference 
Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method: 
1. in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, 
and 
2. in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the relevant Interest 
Determination Date); 
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other 
than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall be the number of decimal places specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and will be rounded up or down, if necessary (with half 
of the highest decimal place being rounded upwards) (or, if no such number is 
specified, it shall be five); 
“ri-pBD” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the applicable 
Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” above for, where “Lag” is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the Business 
Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” 
Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day “i” or, where “Lock-out” or 
“Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Business Day “i”; 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed’s Website, in each 
case on or about 5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
“SONIA” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided 
by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business 
Day immediately following such Business Day; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial

--- Page 81 ---
-81- 
 
Markets Association (or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
(2) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “Weighted Average”, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to as provided below, be 
the Weighted Average Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin and will be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant Decimal Place, 
where: 
“Business Day” has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above; 
“Lock-out Period” has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above; 
“Observation Period” has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above; 
“Reference Day” has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above; 
“Relevant Decimal Place” has the meaning set out in paragraph (1) above; and 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means: 
a. where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the 
Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall 
be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day; and 
b. where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each 
calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any 
calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant 
Reference Rate for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be 
the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the 
first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in 
effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the 
proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business 
Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(3) 
where “Index Determination” is specified as the Calculation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be the compounded daily reference rate for the relevant 
Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 82 ---
-82- 
 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant 
Decimal Place, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin and will be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date where: 
“Compounded Index” shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index End is determined; 
“End” means in relation to any Interest Period, the relevant Compounded Index 
value on the day falling “p” Business Days (as defined in paragraph (1) above) 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or 
the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period); 
“p” is the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
two); 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall be the number of decimal places specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and will be rounded up or down, if necessary (with half 
of the highest decimal place being rounded upwards) (or, if no such number is 
specified, if the SONIA Compounded Index is applicable, it shall be five, and, if 
the SOFR Compounded Index is applicable, it shall be seven); 
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as 
published at 3.00 p.m. (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the New York Fed’s Website, or any 
successor source; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as 
published at 10.00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England’s Interactive Statistical 
Database, or any successor source; and 
“Start” means, in relation to any Interest Period, the relevant Compounded Index 
value on the day falling “p” Business Days (as defined in paragraph (1) above) 
prior to the first day of such Interest Period. 
Subject to Condition 4(c), if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate 
is not published for the relevant Compounded Index either on the relevant Start 
or End date, then the Principal Paying Agent shall calculate the rate of interest 
for that Interest Period as if “Index Determination” was not specified as the 
Calculation Method in the applicable Final Terms and as if “Compounded Daily” 
was specified instead as the Calculation Method in the applicable Final Terms 
and where “Observation Shift” was specified as the Observation Method. 
(4) 
where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
if, in respect of any Business Day, SONIA (as defined in paragraph (1) above) is 
not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published 
by the relevant authorised distributors, such Reference Rate shall be: 
a. (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of 
SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA has been

--- Page 83 ---
-83- 
 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
b. subject to Conditions 4(c)(1) and 4(c)(2), if such Bank Rate is not available, 
the SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published 
by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors), 
and in each case, “r” shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(5) 
where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
if, in respect of any Business Day (as defined in paragraph (1) above), the 
Reference Rate is not available, subject to Condition 4(c), such Reference Rate 
shall be the SOFR (as defined in paragraph (1) above) for the first preceding 
Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the New York Fed’s Website 
(as defined in paragraph (1) above) and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(6) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 4(c) Rate of Interest 
shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 6 or Condition 9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable 
and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or maximum Rate of Interest: If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate 
of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than 
such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum 
Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts: The Principal Paying Agent 
will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 84 ---
-84- 
 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable 
on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period: 
(A) if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(D) if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of 
a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last day of the Interest Period is the 31st 
day of a month but the first day of the Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a 
month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened 
to a 30-day month, or (b) the last day of the Interest Period is the last day of the month of February, 
in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
and 
(F) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of 
the Interest Period unless, in the case of an Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date, the 
Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall 
not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month). 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity

--- Page 85 ---
-85- 
 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
As used herein: 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts: Subject to Condition 4(c) (Benchmark 
Event), the Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any 
stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed with notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to 
each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final: All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of 
this Condition 4(b) by the Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, 
negligence or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), the 
Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Benchmark Event: 
(1) Notes not linked to SOFR 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4(b) above but subject, in the case of Notes linked to SONIA, 
to Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(4)a. above taking precedence, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply (other than to Notes linked to SOFR):  
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser (as defined below), 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) and any Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as 
further described below). 
(ii) 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(c) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer, and (in the 
absence of bad faith, fraud or negligence) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
4(c). 
(iii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided 
in Condition 4(c)(v)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine

--- Page 86 ---
-86- 
 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(c)); or 
(B) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(c)(v)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
4(c)). 
(iv) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4(c) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there 
has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4(c) shall apply to the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(c). 
(v) 
Adjustment Spread: If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(vi) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4(c) and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4(c)(vii), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(c)(vi), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(vii) 
Notice: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(c) will be notified promptly (but in 
any event no later than the relevant Interest Determination Date) by the Issuer to the Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(viii) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this 
Condition 4(c), the Original Reference Rate and the fall-back provisions provided for in Condition 
4(b) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(2) Notes linked to SOFR 
In the case of Notes linked to SOFR:

--- Page 87 ---
-87- 
 
(i) 
if the Issuer (in consultation, to the extent practicable, with an Independent Adviser) determines 
that a Benchmark Event and the relevant SOFR Index Cessation Date have both occurred, when 
any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Reference Rate, the Reference Rate shall be the rate that was recommended as the 
replacement for the SOFR by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose of recommending a replacement for the SOFR 
(which rate may be produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other designated 
administrator, and which rate may include any adjustments or spreads) or, if no such rate has been 
recommended within one Business Day (as defined in paragraph (1) of Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)) of 
the SOFR Index Cessation Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
(published on the New York Fed's Website at or around 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the relevant 
New York City Banking Day) for any SOFR Reset Date falling on or after the SOFR Index 
Cessation Date (it being understood that the Overnight Bank Funding Rate for any such SOFR 
Reset Date will be for trades made on the related SOFR Determination Date); or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent or the Principal Paying Agent, as applicable, is required to use the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate in paragraph (i) above and an OBFR Index Cessation Event and an 
OBFR Index Cessation Date have both occurred, then for any SOFR Reset Date falling on or after 
the later of the SOFR Index Cessation Date and the OBFR Index Cessation Date, the Reference 
Rate shall be the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market Committee, as 
published on the New York Fed’s Website and as prevailing on such SOFR Reset Date, or if the 
Federal Open Market Committee has not set a single rate, the mid-point of the short-term interest 
rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee, as published on the New York Fed’s 
Website and as prevailing on such SOFR Reset Date (calculated as the arithmetic average of the 
upper bound of the target range and the lower bound of the target range),  
and in each case “r” shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(3) Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate and where “ARRC Fallbacks” are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in these Conditions, if the Issuer or, at the 
Issuer’s request, an Independent Adviser, determines on or prior to the Reference Time, that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each, as defined 
below) have occurred with respect to the then current SOFR Benchmark, then the provisions set 
forth in this Condition 4(c)(3) (the “Benchmark Transition Provisions”), will thereafter apply to all 
terms of the Notes relevant in respect of such SOFR Benchmark, including without limitation, the 
determination of any Rate of Interest. In accordance with the Benchmark Transition Provisions, 
after a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, 
any such Rate of Interest in respect of an Interest Period will be determined by reference to the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer or, at the Issuer’s request, an Independent Adviser, determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference 
Time in respect of any determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current SOFR Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes 
in respect of such determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates; 
(iii) 
in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right 
to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time; 
(iv) 
subject as provided in the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction 
and expense of the Issuer and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer to effect such Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the execution of an agreement

--- Page 88 ---
-88- 
 
supplemental to/amending the Agency Agreement) and the Principal Paying Agent shall not be 
liable to any party for any consequences thereof (provided, however, that the Principal Paying 
Agent shall not be obliged to agree to any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes if 
the same would, in the sole opinion of the Principal Paying Agent, impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce, or 
amend its rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in any document to which it is a 
party); 
(v) 
the Issuer shall, prior to the taking effect of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
give notice thereof to the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders; 
(vi) 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or an Independent Adviser 
pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(3), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(A) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(B) if made by the Issuer, will be made in the Issuer’s sole discretion; 
(C) if made by an Independent Adviser, will be made after consultation with the Issuer, and the 
Independent Adviser will not make any such determination, decision or election to which the 
Issuer reasonably objects; and 
(D) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders or the Couponholders or any 
other party; and 
(vii) 
if an Independent Adviser does not make any determination, decision or election that it is required 
to make pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(3), then the Issuer will make that determination, decision 
or election on the same basis as described above. 
Definitions: For the purposes of this Condition 4(c), the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
a. 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or  
b. if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, 
is customary in international debt capital market transactions for transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate) 
c. 
if neither (a) nor (b) above applies, the Independent Adviser determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); or

--- Page 89 ---
-89- 
 
d. if neither (a) nor (b) or (c) above applies, the Independent Adviser determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 4(c)(iii) is customary in market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes, or, if the Independent Adviser determines 
there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner determines is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(c)(vi). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
a. 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
b. a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or  
c. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
d. a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each 
case within the following six months; or 
e. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that the use of the Original Reference Rate will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of 
the Notes, in each case within the following six months; or 
f. 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative; or 
g. it has become unlawful for any Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
provided that in the case of paragraphs b. to e. above, the Benchmark Event shall 
occur on:  
(A) 
in the case of b. above, the date of the cessation of the publication of 
the Original Reference Rate;  
(B) 
in the case of c. above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference 
Rate;  
(C) 
in the case of d. above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate 
is prohibited from being used; or

--- Page 90 ---
-90- 
 
(D) 
in the case of e. above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate 
becomes subject to restrictions or adverse consequences,  
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the 
date of the relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in (A), (B), 
(C) or (D) above, as applicable). 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or an Independent Adviser as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
a. 
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark and (2) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
b. the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
c. 
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or an Independent Adviser as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as 
a replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (2) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Issuer or an Independent Adviser as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: (i) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; (ii) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or (iii) the spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the 
Issuer or an Independent Adviser giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustments, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the 
definition of “Interest Period”, timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the 
Issuer or an Independent Adviser decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Issuer or an Independent Adviser decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or an Independent Adviser determines that no 
market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Issuer or an Independent Adviser determines is reasonably necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component used 
in the calculation thereof): 
a. 
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, 
the later of (1) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (2) the date on which the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark 
(or such component); or

--- Page 91 ---
-91- 
 
b. in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein, 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): (i) a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component); or (ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component), the central 
bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component); or (iii) a public statement or publication of information by 
the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the 
SOFR Benchmark is no longer representative. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise selected and appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition 4(c). 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
the SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment. 
“New York Fed’s Website” has the meaning given in paragraph (1) of Condition 4(b)(ii)(C). 
“New York City Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
New York City. 
“OBFR Index Cessation Date” means, in respect of an OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date 
on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate), ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or the 
date as of which the Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used; 
“OBFR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
a. 
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate) announcing that it has

--- Page 92 ---
-92- 
 
ceased, or will cease, to publish or provide the Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to publish or provide an Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate; 
b. the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate) has ceased, or will cease, to provide the Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to publish or provide the Overnight Bank 
Funding Rate; or 
c. 
a public statement by a U.S. regulator or other U.S. official sector entity 
prohibiting the use of the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate that applies to, but 
need not be limited to, all swap transactions, including existing swap 
transactions; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the SOFR Benchmark means the time 
determined by the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent in accordance with the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
a. 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
b. any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
“SOFR Benchmark” means SOFR provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, then “SOFR Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“SOFR Determination Date” means, with respect to any SOFR Reset Date and with respect to 
(x) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate and (y) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate: (i) in the 
case of (x), the first Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Reset Date; and (ii) in 
the case of (y), the first New York City Banking Day immediately preceding such SOFR Reset 
Date. 
“SOFR Index Cessation Date” means, in respect of a Benchmark Event, the date on which the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate),ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or the date as of 
which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be used.

--- Page 93 ---
-93- 
 
“SOFR Reset Date” means each Business Day during the relevant Interest Period, provided 
however that if both a Benchmark Event and a SOFR Index Cessation Date have occurred, it 
shall mean: (i) in respect of the period from, and including, the first day of the Interest Period 
in which the SOFR Index Cessation Date falls (such Interest Period, the “Affected Interest 
Period”) to, but excluding, the SOFR Index Cessation Date (such period, the “Partial SOFR 
Period”), each Business Day during the Partial SOFR Period; (ii) in respect of the period from, 
and including, the SOFR Index Cessation Date to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Affected Interest Period (such period, the “Partial Fallback Period”), each New 
York City Banking Day during the Partial Fallback Period; and (iii) in respect of each Interest 
Period subsequent to the Affected Interest Period, each New York City Banking Day during 
the relevant Interest Period. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(d) 
Accrual of interest: Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of 
such Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the monies payable in respect of such Note has been received 
by the Principal Paying Agent, and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment:  
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro and Renminbi will be made by credit or transfer 
to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre 
of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro 
cheque; and 
(iii) 
payments in Renminbi will be made by a transfer to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf 
of the payee with a bank in Hong Kong. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or 
other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, including (without limitation) any 
obligations pursuant to such laws or regulations to make a withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any taxes, duties or assessments of whatever nature, and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, the regulations thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or any agreement, law, regulation or other official guidance implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 94 ---
-94- 
 
(b) 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons: Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only (i) in the case of a 
definitive Note not held in the CMU Service, against presentation and surrender of definitive Notes, and 
payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America or its 
possessions) or (ii) in the case of a definitive Note held in the CMU Service, to the person(s) for whose 
account(s) interest in the relevant definitive Note are credited as being held with the CMU Service in 
accordance with the prevailing CMU rules and procedures at the relevant time as notified to the CMU 
Lodging and Paying Agent by the CMU Service in a relevant CMU Instrument Position Report or any 
relevant notification by the CMU Service, which notification shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the CMU Service (save in the case of manifest error) and payment made in accordance thereof shall 
discharge the obligations of the Issuer in respect of that payment. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form not held in the CMU Service (other than Long Maturity Notes (as 
defined below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto 
(which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before 
the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years 
from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in 
respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form not held in the 
CMU Service becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest 
payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment 
Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal 
amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued 
in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, 
the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes: Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes 
represented by any Global Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in 
relation to definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note (i) in the case 
of a Global Note lodged with the CMU Service, to the person(s) for whose account(s) interests in the relevant 
Global Note are credited as being held by the CMU Service in accordance with the prevailing CMU rules 
and procedures at the relevant time as notified to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent by the CMU Service 
in a relevant CMU Instrument Position Report or any relevant notification by the CMU, which notification 
shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the CMU Service (save in the case of manifest error) and 
payment made in accordance thereof shall discharge the obligations of the Issuer in respect of that payment, 
or (ii) in the case of a Global Note not lodged with the CMU Service, where applicable, against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and 
any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.

--- Page 95 ---
-95- 
 
(d) 
General provisions applicable to payments: The holder of a Global Note (if the Global Note is not lodged 
with the CMU Service) or (if the Global Note is lodged with the CMU Service) the person(s) for whose 
account(s) interests in such Global Note are credited as being held through the CMU in accordance with the 
prevailing CMU rules and procedures as notified to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent by the CMU in a 
relevant CMU Instrument Position Report or any other relevant notification by CMU (which notification, 
in either case, shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the CMU save in the case of manifest error), 
shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note 
and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (where applicable) will be discharged by payment to, 
or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note or such other person(s) for whose account(s) interests in 
such Global Note are credited as being held in the CMU Service, as the case may be, in respect of each 
amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
CMU Service as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global 
Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CMU Service as the case may be, for 
his share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (where applicable) 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect 
of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: (i) the Issuer 
has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation 
that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the 
United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when 
due; (ii) payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and (iii) such payment is then permitted under 
United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable), 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable). 
(e) 
Payment Day: If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation;  
(B) each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
(C) in the case of CMU Notes, Hong Kong; and 
(D) if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place 
of presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; or (3) in relation 
to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
in Hong Kong are open for general business and settlement of payments in Renminbi. 
(f) 
Interpretation of principal and interest: Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable:

--- Page 96 ---
-96- 
 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
the Make-whole Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 6(h)(iii)); 
and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under 
or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7. 
(g) 
Payment of Alternative Currency Equivalent: Notwithstanding the foregoing, where Alternative 
Currency Equivalent is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable to a Series of Notes, if 
by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity the relevant Issuer or, in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor, as the case may be, is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest 
in respect of Notes when due in the Specified Currency, the relevant Issuer or, in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes, the Guarantor, as the case may be, shall, on giving to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 13, 
not less than five nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice prior to the due date for payment that it will 
make payment in the Alternative Currency, settle any such payment in the Alternative Currency on the due 
date at the Alternative Currency Equivalent of any such amount. Any payment made in the Alternative 
Currency under such circumstances will constitute valid payment in satisfaction of the relevant Issuer’s or 
Guarantor’s (as the case may be) obligations for such payment, and will not constitute a default in respect 
of the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the relevant Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or 
Illiquidity event occurs within five days before the relevant due date for payment then such notice shall be 
given as soon as practicable and whether on or prior to the due date for payment. 
As used herein: 
“Alternative Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or any lawful 
successor currency to that currency); 
“Alternative Currency Calculation Agent” means (i) in the case of CMU Notes denominated in Renminbi, 
Citicorp International Limited (or any lawful successor thereto) unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and (ii) in the case of all other Notes, the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (or any lawful successor thereto); 
“Alternative Currency Equivalent” means in respect of an amount denominated in the Specified Currency 
such amount converted into the Alternative Currency using the Spot Rate or, where the Specified Currency 
is Renminbi and the Alternative Currency is U.S. dollars, the RMB Spot Rate, in each case for the relevant 
Rate Calculation Date, all as determined by the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent; 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the Specified 
Currency Jurisdiction; 
“Illiquidity” means, with respect to the payment of any sum, foreign exchange markets for the Specified 
Currency becoming illiquid as a result of which it is impossible (as determined by the relevant Issuer or, in 
the case of Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantor, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
(and in the case of Notes denominated in Renminbi, following consultation with two independent foreign

--- Page 97 ---
-97- 
 
exchange dealers of international repute active in the Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably 
selected by the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, as the case may be)), or 
commercially impracticable for the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, as 
the case may be, to obtain a sufficient amount of the Specified Currency in order to satisfy its obligation to 
pay such sum in respect of the Notes or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) under the Guarantee, as the case 
may be; 
“Inconvertibility” means, with respect to the payment of any sum, the occurrence of any event that makes 
it impossible or commercially impracticable for the relevant Issuer, or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, to convert any amount due in the foreign exchange markets for the Specified 
Currency, other than where such impossibility or impracticability is due solely to the failure of the relevant 
Issuer, or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, as the case may be, to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any relevant Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of a Series of Notes 
and it is impossible or commercially impracticable for the relevant Issuer, or (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes) the Guarantor, as the case may be, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule 
or regulation); 
“Non-deliverable Spot Rate Screen Page” means the relevant screen page specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Non-transferability” means, with respect to the payment of any sum, the occurrence of any event that makes 
it impossible or commercially impracticable for the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, to transfer the Specified Currency in respect of such sum between accounts 
inside the Specified Currency Jurisdiction or between an account inside the Specified Currency Jurisdiction 
and an account outside the Specified Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility or 
impracticability is due solely to the failure of the relevant Issuer or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any relevant 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of a Series of Notes) and it is impossible or commercially 
impracticable for the relevant Issuer, or (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation; 
“Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in the Rate 
Calculation Jurisdiction; 
“Rate Calculation Date” means (i) the day which is the number of Rate Calculation Business Days specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (which shall be two Rate Calculation Business Days where the Specified 
Currency is Renminbi) before the due date of the relevant amount under these Conditions or (ii) if the 
relevant Spot Rate is not available on such day, the last preceding Rate Calculation Business Day on which 
the relevant Spot Rate was most recently available, as determined by the Alternative Currency Calculation 
Agent; 
“Rate Calculation Jurisdiction” means the jurisdiction(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, which 
shall be the Eurozone where the Specified Currency is euro or Hong Kong where the Specified Currency is 
Renminbi; 
“RMB Spot Rate”, for a Rate Calculation Date, means the spot Renminbi/U.S. dollar exchange rate for the 
purchase of U.S. dollars with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong 
for settlement on the due date for payment, as determined by the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent at 
or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent will determine the spot 
rate at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available 
Renminbi/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for settlement on the due date for payment reported by The State 
Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page 
CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter

--- Page 98 ---
-98- 
 
Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for 
the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate; 
“Specified Currency Jurisdiction” means (i) other than in the case of euro or Renminbi, the primary 
jurisdiction for which the Specified Currency is the lawful currency, (ii) in the case of euro, the Eurozone 
or (iii) in the case of Renminbi, Hong Kong; 
“Spot Rate”, for a Rate Calculation Date, means the spot exchange rate for the purchase of the Alternative 
Currency with the Specified Currency in the over-the-counter foreign exchange market for the Specified 
Currency for settlement on the due date for payment in the Specified Currency Jurisdiction for settlement 
as a “spot” foreign exchange transaction in such market, as determined by the Alternative Currency 
Calculation Agent at or around the Spot Rate Calculation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(Specified Currency Jurisdiction time or, in the case of euro, Central European time) on a deliverable basis 
by reference to the Spot Rate Screen Page (the “Spot Rate Screen Page”) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to the Non-deliverable Spot 
Rate Screen Page as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Unless specified otherwise in the applicable 
Final Terms, if neither rate is available, the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent will determine the Spot 
Rate in its discretion on the Rate Calculation Date at or around the Spot Rate Calculation Time (Specified 
Currency Jurisdiction time or, in the case of euro, Central European time) taking into consideration all 
available information which the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent deems relevant, including, without 
limitation, pricing information obtained from any other deliverable or non-deliverable foreign exchange 
market for the purchase of the Alternative Currency with the Specified Currency for settlement on the due 
date for payment as a “spot” foreign exchange transaction in or in relation to the relevant market; and “Spot 
Rate Screen Page” means the relevant screen page specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5(g) by the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor (where applicable) or the Alternative Currency Calculation Agent, as the case may be, will 
(in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where applicable), the Agents and all Noteholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no 
liability to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable), the Agents and all Noteholders shall attach 
to the Alternative Adjudication Currency Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity: Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each 
Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: 
(i) 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(A) either the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 7 or the Guarantor (where applicable) would be unable for reasons outside its 
control to procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay 
such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws, 
regulations or rulings of the Relevant Tax Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(B) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (where 
applicable) taking reasonable measures available to it,

--- Page 99 ---
-99- 
 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(b), the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor (where applicable) shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by 
one Director of the Issuer or, as the case may be, one Director of the Guarantor (where applicable) stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts or the Guarantor (where applicable) would be unable for reasons outside its control to 
procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional 
amounts, in each case as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (h) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. 
“Relevant Tax Jurisdiction” shall mean, in the case of payment by the Issuer, the Netherlands (where the 
Issuer is Stellanis N.V.) or the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg (where the Issuer is FCFE) or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax and, in the case of payment by the 
Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), shall also include the Netherlands and any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax.  
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (“Issuer Call”) 
If Issuer Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices); and  
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i) above, notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) redeem all or, if so 
provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date, as the case may be. Any such redemption 
of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any arrears of interest), 
if any. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the minimum nominal 
amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than the maximum nominal 
amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or the CMU Service, as the case may be, in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published 
in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate 
nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes or represented by a Global Note shall 
in each case bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Notes as the 
aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes outstanding and Notes outstanding represented by such 
Global Note, respectively, bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case on 
the Selection Date, provided that, if necessary, appropriate adjustments shall be made to such nominal 
amounts to ensure that each represents an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination. No exchange of 
the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph (c) and notice to that effect shall be given

--- Page 100 ---
-100- 
 
by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection 
Date. All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (“Make-whole Call”):  
If Make-whole Call Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices), (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) (a “Make-
whole Redemption Notice”), (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption (each such date, a “Make-whole Redemption Date”)) redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Notes then outstanding at any time prior to the Maturity Date indicated in the applicable Final Terms at their 
relevant Make-whole Redemption Amount (the “Make-whole Call Option”). The Issuer shall, not less than 
15 calendar days before the giving of the notice referred to above, notify the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent and such other parties as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms of 
its decision to exercise the Make-whole Call Option. Not later than the Business Day immediately following 
the Calculation Date, the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Noteholders and such other parties as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms of the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount. All Notes in respect of which any Make-whole Redemption Notice is given shall be 
redeemed on the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition. 
For the purposes of this Condition, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Benchmark Rate” means the average of the three quotations given by the Reference Dealers on the 
Calculation Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) of the mid-market annual yield to maturity 
of the Reference Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Reference Bond is no longer 
outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Make-whole Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (Central 
European time (CET)) on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Make-whole Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 13. The Benchmark Rate will be published by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(b)(i)) prior to the Make-whole 
Redemption Date. 
“Make-whole Calculation Agent” means the international credit institution or financial services institution 
or any other competent entity of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer in 
relation to a Series of Notes, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Make-whole Margin” means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Make-whole Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified Currency 
of the relevant Notes, determined by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of such Note and (y) the sum of the present values 
as at the Make-whole Redemption Date of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on such Note (excluding any interest accruing on such Note from, and including, the 
Specified Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date, 
immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date to, but excluding, the Make-whole 
Redemption Date) discounted from the Maturity Date indicated in the applicable Final Terms to 
the Make-whole Redemption Date on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction at a rate equal 
to the Make-whole Redemption Rate; and 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on such Note from, and including, the Specified Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date, immediately preceding such Make-
whole Redemption Date, to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date.

--- Page 101 ---
-101- 
 
If an Issuer Maturity Par Call Option pursuant to Condition 6(e) below is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole Call Option before the day 
that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date, the Make-whole Redemption Amount in respect of the Make-
whole Call Option will be calculated by substituting the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date for 
the Maturity Date and, for the avoidance of doubt, the last remaining scheduled payment of interest shall be 
deemed to fall on the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date, and the amount of interest to be taken 
into account shall be the interest that would have accrued on the Notes on, and from, the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date, to but excluding, the day that 
is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date. 
“Make-whole Redemption Rate” means the sum, as calculated by the Make-whole Calculation Agent, of 
the Benchmark Rate and the Make-whole Margin. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the three banks selected by the Make-whole Calculation Agent which 
are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the Reference Bond 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues 
of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (“Issuer Maturity Par Call”): If Issuer Maturity Par Call Option 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
to the Principal Paying Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, 
but not in part, at any time during the period commencing on (and including) the day that is 90 days prior 
to the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Clean-Up Call Option (“Clean-Up Call”): If Clean-up Call Option is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the event that at least 75 percent. or any higher percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “Clean-up Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, 
cancelled, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other period 
of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Principal Paying Agent, and, in accordance 
with Condition 13 to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem the Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at par, together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption  
(g) 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (“Investor Put”): If Investor Put is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 13 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such 
notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in 
whole (but not, in the case of a Note in definitive form, in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
If this Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note, the holder of this 
Note must deliver this Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business 
hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed 
notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to 
be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition.

--- Page 102 ---
-102- 
 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6(g) shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date for redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant 
to this Condition 6(g) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9. 
(h) 
Early Redemption Amounts: For the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 9, each Note will be 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which is 
or may be less or greater than the Issue Price at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; 
or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or any of their respective subsidiaries may at any 
time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. If purchases are 
made by tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold 
or, at the option of the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable), surrendered to any Paying Agent for 
cancellation. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (i) above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and 
cannot be reissued or resold. 
(k) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon 
redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) or (g) above or upon 
its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount 
due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
paragraph (h)(iii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date

--- Page 103 ---
-103- 
 
upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which 
is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the monies payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Notes has 
been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(l) 
Repurchase at the Option of Noteholders—Change of Control: If a Change of Control occurs, the holder 
of any Note will have the right to require the Issuer thereof to repurchase all (but not, in the case of a Note 
in definitive form, any part) of such Note pursuant to a Change of Control Offer. In the Change of Control 
Offer, the relevant Issuer will offer a payment in cash equal to 101 percent of the aggregate principal amount 
of Notes repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase (the “Change of 
Control Payment”). Within thirty (30) days following any Change of Control, the Issuer will give notice to 
each holder describing the transaction or transactions that constitute the Change of Control and offering to 
repurchase Notes on the payment date specified in the notice (the “Change of Control Payment Date”), 
which date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
The Issuer will comply with any applicable securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent those 
laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Change 
of Control. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with this provision, 
the relevant Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed 
to have breached its obligations under this provision by virtue of such compliance. 
On the Change of Control Payment Date, the relevant Issuer will, to the extent lawful: 
(i) 
accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of 
Control Offer; 
(ii) 
deposit with the Principal Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in 
respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and 
(iii) 
deliver or cause to be delivered for cancellation the Notes properly accepted together with an 
officers’ certificate of the relevant Issuer stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or 
portions of Notes being purchased by the relevant Issuer. 
If the Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require repurchase of the Note the holder of the Note 
must deliver this Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours 
of such Paying Agent within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed acceptance 
notice in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (an 
“Acceptance Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be 
made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition. 
Any Acceptance Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date for redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant 
to this paragraph and instead declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9. 
The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer upon a Change of Control if a third party 
makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the 
requirements set forth herein applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuer and purchases all 
Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under the Change of Control Offer. 
In these Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 104 ---
-104- 
 
“Change of Control” means the occurrence of both (i) an event described in clauses (A) or (B) below and 
(ii) a Rating Decline: 
(A) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or 
consolidation), the result of which is that any “person” (as that term is used in Section 13(d) of 
the Exchange Act), other than one or more Related Parties, becomes the beneficial owner, directly 
or indirectly, of more than 50 percent of the Voting Stock of Stellantis N.V. measured by voting 
power rather than number of shares; or 
(B) the stockholders of the Guarantor (where applicable) or the Issuer approve any plan of 
liquidation or dissolution of the Guarantor (where applicable) or the Issuer, as the case may be, 
other than in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination while the 
Issuer or Guarantor (where applicable) is solvent, with another company where such company, in 
the case of the Issuer, assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and, in the case of the 
Guarantor (where applicable), assumes all obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee and 
where such merger, consolidation or other combination does not have the effect of or result in an 
event described in paragraph (A) above, 
“Change of Control Offer” means the offer to repurchase the Notes following a Change of Control as further 
described above; 
“Person” means any individual, group, company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-
stock company, trust, unincorporated organisation, limited liability company or government or other entity; 
“Rating Date” means (i) the date one business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in London) prior to the occurrence of an event specified in clauses (A) or (B) of the definition 
of Change of Control or, if applicable, and only with respect to the type of transaction specified in clause 
(A) of the definition of Change of Control, the date one business day before the first public announcement 
of a definitive agreement with respect to such transaction and (ii) in the event that a Rating Agency has 
announced a Rating Decline of the Notes within 90 days prior to the occurrence of an event specified in 
clauses (A) or (B) of the definition of Change of Control or, if applicable, and only with respect to the type 
of transaction specified in clause (A) of the definition of Change of Control, within 90 days before the first 
public announcement of a definitive agreement with respect to such transaction, and the official statement 
issued by a Rating Agency announcing the Rating Decline refers to such event or transaction as a reason for 
such downgrade, the date one business day prior to such announcement by a Rating Agency; 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s (each as herein defined), or, if either such entity 
ceases to rate the Notes for reasons outside of the control of the Guarantor (where applicable) or the relevant 
Issuer, the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any other “nationally recognised statistical rating 
organisation” within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act; 
“Rating Decline” means the occurrence on any date within the 90-day period following the occurrence of 
the event specified in clauses (A) or (B) of the definition of a Change of Control (which period shall be 
extended so long as during such period any rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration 
for possible downgrade by a Rating Agency, provided that such extension shall not be for more than 30 
days) of: (i) in the event the Notes are rated by any Rating Agency on the Rating Date below investment 
grade (a) the rating of the Notes by such Rating Agency is downgraded by at least one rating category below 
the rating of the Notes by such Rating Agency on the Rating Date and not subsequently upgraded to its 
earlier rating (or better) by such Rating Agency within such period, or (b) such Notes cease to be rated by 
such Rating Agency and such Rating Agency does not subsequently reinstate the earlier rating (or better) 
that it had assigned to the Notes during such period; or (ii) in the event the Notes are rated by any Rating 
Agency on the Rating Date as investment grade (a) the rating of the Notes by such Rating Agency is 
downgraded to below investment grade and not subsequently upgraded to investment grade by such Rating 
Agency within such period, or (b) such Notes cease to be rated by such Rating Agency and such Rating 
Agency does not subsequently reinstate an investment grade rating to the Notes during such period, provided 
that: (x) any such decision of the relevant Rating Agency to downgrade or cease to rate the Notes referred 
to in paragraph (i) or (ii) above shall not be deemed to have occurred in respect of a particular Change of 
Control if such Rating Agency does not publicly announce or confirm that such decision was the result, in

--- Page 105 ---
-105- 
 
whole or in part, of the event specified in clauses (A) or (B) of the definition of a Change of Control; and 
(y) if at the time of the event specified in Clauses (A) or (B) of the definition of Change of Control the Notes 
are not rated by a Rating Agency, and no Rating Agency assigns an investment grade rating to the Notes 
within the 90-day period following the occurrence of the event specified in clauses (A) or (B) of the 
definition of a Change of Control, a Rating Decline will be deemed to have occurred. In determining how 
many rating categories the rating of the Notes has decreased, gradation will be taken in account (e.g., with 
respect to Standard & Poor’s, a decline in a rating from BB+ to BB, or from BB to BB-, will constitute a 
decrease of one rating category); 
“Related Party” means (i) each of the owners and beneficial holders of interests in Giovanni Agnelli B.V. 
(at the Issue Date) and each of their spouses, heirs, legatees, descendants and blood relatives to the third 
degree, (ii) Giovanni Agnelli B.V., (iii) any Person directly or indirectly under the Control of Giovanni 
Agnelli B.V., (iv) Etablissements Peugeot Frères, (v) any Person directly or indirectly under the Control of 
Etablissements Peugeot Frères, (vi) FFP, or (vii) any Person directly or indirectly under the Control of FFP. 
For the purposes of this definition, the term “Control” means (1) the direct or indirect ownership (beneficial 
or otherwise) of more than 50 percent of the Voting Stock of a Person measured by voting power rather than 
number of shares or (2) the power to appoint or remove all or the majority of the directors or other equivalent 
officers of a Person; and “Voting Stock” of any Person as of any date means the capital stock of such Person 
that is at the time entitled to vote in the election of the board of directors of such Person. 
“Etablissements Peugeot Frères” means the société anonyme registered with the registre du commerce et 
des sociétés of Nanterre under number 875 750 317. 
“FFP” means the société anonyme registered with the registre du commerce et des sociétés of Nanterre 
under number 562 075 390. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable), as the 
case may be, will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties 
of whatever nature (“Tax”) imposed, withheld or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Tax Jurisdiction (as defined 
in Condition 6(b)), unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor (where applicable) will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may 
be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction except as follows: 
(a) 
Where the Issuer is Stellantis N.V. or where payment is made pursuant to the Guarantee (in which case no 
additional amounts shall be paid in circumstances where any of the conditions set forth in (a)(i) to (vii) of 
this Condition 7(a) apply, nor in circumstances where the conditions related to the relevant Issuer in this 
Condition 7 apply): 
No such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment in the Netherlands; or 
(ii) 
payable to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or beneficial owner (for the purposes of the 
relevant Tax) who is liable for Tax in respect of that Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Relevant Tax Jurisdiction imposing, withholding or levying that Tax other 
than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon or the receipt of principal or interest in respect of it; 
or 
(iii) 
payable to a holder where the holder or beneficial owner (for the purposes of the relevant Tax) is 
able to avoid the withholding by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to the relevant tax authority; or

--- Page 106 ---
-106- 
 
(iv) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder thereof would have been entitled to additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the 
last day of such 30-day period assuming that day to have been a Payment Day; or 
(v) 
as a result of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet Bronbelasting 2021); or 
(vi) 
for or on account of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been 
imposed but for a failure by the holder or beneficial owner, or any financial institution (other than 
any Paying Agent) through which the holder or beneficial owner holds any Note or through which 
payment on the Note is made, to enter into or comply with an agreement described in Section 
1471(b)(1) of the Code and the regulations thereunder or otherwise comply with Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, the regulations thereunder, any official interpretations thereof or any 
agreement, law, regulation, or other official guidance implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto; or 
(vii) 
payable due to any combination of items (i) to (vi). 
(b) 
Where the Issuer is FCFE: 
No such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment in Luxembourg; or 
(ii) 
payable to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder or beneficial owner (for the purposes of the 
relevant Tax) who is liable for Tax in respect of that Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with the Relevant Tax Jurisdiction imposing, withholding or levying that Tax other 
than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon or the receipt of principal or interest in respect of it; 
or 
(iii) 
payable to a holder where the holder or beneficial owner (for the purposes of the relevant Tax) is 
able to avoid the withholding by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder thereof would have been entitled to additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the 
last day of such 30-day period assuming that day to have been a Payment Day; or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment to a Luxembourg resident individual 
as per the law of December 23, 2005, as amended; or 
(vi) 
for or on account of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been 
imposed but for a failure by the holder or beneficial owner, or any financial institution (other than 
any Paying Agent) through which the holder or beneficial owner holds any Note or through which 
payment on the Note is made, to enter into or comply with an agreement described in Section 
1471(b)(1) of the Code and the regulations thereunder or otherwise comply with Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, the regulations thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any 
agreement, law, regulation, or other official guidance implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto; or 
(vii) 
payable due to any combination of items (i) to (vi). 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date”, in respect of any payment, means the date on which that 
payment first becomes due but, if the full amount of the monies payable has not been received by the 
Principal Paying Agent on or before the due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of those 
monies having been so received, notice to that effect has been duly given to the relevant Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION

--- Page 107 ---
-107- 
 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment 
in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur: 
(i) 
there is a default for more than 14 days after the date when due in the payment of principal or 
interest (if any) due in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
there is a default in the performance of any other obligation under the Agency Agreement, the 
Notes or the Guarantee (where applicable) (a) which is incapable of remedy or (b) which, being a 
default capable of remedy, continues for 30 days after written notice of such default has been given 
through the Principal Paying Agent by the holder of any Note to the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(where applicable); or 
(iii) 
any final order shall be made by any competent court or other authority or resolution passed by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) for the dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (where applicable) or for the appointment of a liquidator, receiver or trustee of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (where applicable) or of all or a substantial part of their respective assets, provided 
that there shall be no Event of Default in the case of an order or a resolution passed by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (where applicable) for the liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(where applicable), as the case may be, to the extent that (a) such an order or resolution is in 
connection with a merger, consolidation or any other form of combination while the Issuer or 
Guarantor (where applicable) is solvent, with another company and such company, in the case of 
the Issuer, assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and, in the case of the Guarantor 
(where applicable), assumes all obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee, or (b) the Issuer 
has made a Change of Control Offer and repurchased the Notes from Noteholders following a 
Change of Control; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) shall stop payment or shall be unable to, or shall 
admit to creditors generally its inability to pay its debts as they fall due, or shall be finally 
adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent, or shall enter into any composition or other 
arrangement with its creditors generally or, where FCFE is the Issuer, the Issuer shall apply for 
controlled management (gestion contrôlée) or reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement); or 
(v) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (where applicable) ceases, or threatens to cease, to carry on business 
unless such cessation, or threatened cessation, is in connection with a merger, consolidation or any 
other form of combination with another company and such company in the case of the Issuer, 
assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, and in the case of the Guarantor (where 
applicable), assumes all obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee; or 
(vi) 
in the case of Guaranteed Notes only, the Issuer ceases to be controlled directly or indirectly by the 
Guarantor, for which purpose the Guarantor shall be deemed to control the Issuer only if the 
Guarantor directly or indirectly, through one or more companies controlled by it within the 
meaning of this definition, (a) owns more than 50 percent of the voting share capital of the Issuer; 
or (b) has power to appoint or remove more than 50 percent of the board of directors (or other 
similar senior supervisory body) of the Issuer; or 
(vii) 
there shall have occurred a default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there 
may be issued or by which there may be secured or evidenced any Indebtedness of the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (where applicable) or any Material Subsidiary (as defined below in this 
Condition 9) (or the payment of which is guaranteed by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (where 
applicable) or any such Material Subsidiary) which default (A) is caused by a failure to pay the

--- Page 108 ---
-108- 
 
principal, interest or premium, if any, of any such Indebtedness (including without limitation a 
such failure under any called but unpaid guarantee issued or given by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(where applicable) or any such Material Subsidiary in respect of any such Indebtedness) whether 
in the case of a repayment at maturity, a mandatory prepayment or otherwise, in each case after 
any applicable grace period provided in such Indebtedness or guarantee on the date of such failure 
(each such failure being a “payment default”), which payment default has not been validly waived 
in accordance with the terms of such Indebtedness or guarantee and applicable law, provided that 
the amount unpaid pursuant to such payment default, together with the amount unpaid pursuant to 
any other such payment default that has not been so waived or has not been otherwise validly cured 
aggregates €150,000,000 or (B) results in the acceleration of such Indebtedness prior to its express 
maturity, and such acceleration has not been validly waived in accordance with the terms of such 
Indebtedness and applicable law, provided that the principal amount of such Indebtedness so 
accelerated, together with the principal amount of any such other Indebtedness the maturity of 
which has been so accelerated and has not been waived or otherwise validly cured, aggregates 
€250,000,000; or 
(viii) 
in the case of Guaranteed Notes only, the Guarantee shall be held in any judicial proceeding (in 
each case being a judgment or order from which no further appeal or judicial review is permissible 
under applicable law) to be unenforceable or invalid or shall cease for any reason to be in full force 
and effect or the Guarantor shall deny or disaffirm its obligations under the Guarantee, as the case 
may be,  
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any Notes held by 
the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at 
the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(g)), together with accrued interest (if any) to 
the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9, the term “Material Subsidiary” means (A) FCA Italy S.p.A. (and any other 
person Controlled by Stellantis N.V. which FCA Italy S.p.A. is consolidated or merged with or into or to whom all 
or substantially all of the assets of such entity is sold, assigned, transferred, leased or otherwise disposed of); (B) 
FCA US LLC (and any other person Controlled by Stellantis N.V. which FCA US LLC is consolidated or merged 
with or into or to whom all or substantially all of the assets of such entity is sold, assigned, transferred, leased or 
otherwise disposed of); (C) any Member of Stellantis the total assets or revenues of which on a stand-alone basis 
(excluding intra-group items and as determined from the entity’s most recent IFRS financial data used by Stellantis 
in the preparation of its most recent audited consolidated financial statements) constitutes 10 percent or more of the 
consolidated total assets or revenues of Stellantis (as determined from Stellantis’ most recent audited consolidated 
financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS); (D) any Treasury Subsidiary or (E) any entity under the 
direct or indirect Control of Stellantis N.V. that directly or indirectly Controls a subsidiary that meets the 
requirements of the preceding clauses (A), (B), (C) or (D), provided that if any such entity Controls such a subsidiary 
only pursuant to the aggregate ownership test specified in the proviso to clause (1) of the definition of “Control”, 
“Controls” or “Controlled” below, then, and only then, the Issuer and the Guarantor (where applicable) shall have 
the right to designate which such entities shall be deemed to so Control such a subsidiary provided that, in each case, 
such designated entities Control in the aggregate more than 50 percent of the relevant subsidiary’s Voting Stock. For 
purposes of this definition of “Material Subsidiary”, (i) the term “Control”, “Controls” or “Controlled” means (1) the 
direct or indirect ownership (beneficial or otherwise) of more than 50 percent of the Voting Stock of a Person 
measured by voting power rather than number of shares, provided that to the extent that no single entity directly owns 
more than 50 percent of the Voting Stock of a Person, entities with aggregate direct or indirect ownership of more 
than 50 percent of the Voting Stock of a Person will be deemed to Control such Person or (2) the power to appoint 
or remove all or the majority of the directors or other equivalent officers of a Person and (ii) no Financial Services 
Subsidiary shall be considered or deemed to be a Material Subsidiary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a subsidiary 
shall be considered or deemed to be a Material Subsidiary only to the extent that such is located or domiciled in an 
OECD Country (or, to the extent that the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development or a successor 
organisation no longer exists, the countries that were members of the relevant organisation on the date such 
organisation ceased to exist). 
For purposes of this Condition 9, the term “OECD Country” means a country that is member of the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development or any successor organisation at the time of the occurrence of a payment

--- Page 109 ---
-109- 
 
default or acceleration specified in clause (vii) of this Condition 9 (or, to the extent that the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development or a successor organisation no longer exists, at the time the relevant 
organisation ceased to exist). 
For purposes of this Condition 9, “Treasury Subsidiary” means (A) Fiat Chrysler Finance Europe société en nom 
collectif, acting through its Dutch Branch, (B) Stellantis Finance US Inc., and (C) any other subsidiary of Stellantis 
N.V. the primary purpose of which is borrowing funds, issuing securities or incurring Indebtedness. For the avoidance 
of doubt, “Treasury Subsidiary” does not, and shall not be deemed to, include any Financial Services Subsidiary.  
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated 
or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional Agents are 
appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will specified in Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor (where applicable) is/are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent 
acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of CMU Notes, a CMU Lodging and 
Paying Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may 
be the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of CMU Notes, a CMU Lodging and Paying Agent, with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; 
and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction in which 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer and/or the Guarantor (in the case of Guaranteed Notes) shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent 
having a specified office in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5(e). Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency or where an Agent is 
an FFI and does not become, or ceases to be, a Participating FFI or a Registered Deemed-Compliant FFI, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be a Make-whole Calculation Agent if provision is made for it in 
the applicable Final Terms. If the Make-whole Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Make-
whole Calculation Agent fails duly to calculate any Makewhole Redemption Amount, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, 
if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Make-whole Calculation Agent to act as such in its place. The Make-
whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Guarantor (where 
applicable) and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or 
Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged 
or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor agent.

--- Page 110 ---
-110- 
 
As used herein: 
“FFI” (a “foreign financial institution”) means an FFI as defined in U.S. Treasury Regulations section 1.1471-
1(b)(47); 
“Participating FFI” means a participating FFI as defined in U.S. Treasury Regulations section 1.1471-1(b)(91); and 
“Registered Deemed-Compliant FFI” means a registered deemed-compliant FFI as described in U.S. Treasury 
Regulations section 1.1471-1(b)(111). 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon 
(if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent 
or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not 
include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it 
appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London; provided, however that in the case of Notes cleared through the CMU 
Service, notices will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Hong Kong. It is expected that such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London or, in the case of 
Notes cleared through the CMU Service, either The Standard or the South China Morning Post in Hong Kong. The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed. Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date 
of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the Notes are 
held in their entirety on behalf of (i) Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication 
in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes or (ii) the CMU Service, be substituted for such publication in 
such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to the persons shown in a CMU Instrument Position Report 
issued by the CMU Service on the first business day preceding the date of despatch of such notice as holding interests 
in the relevant Global Note. In addition, for so long as any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange 
and the rules of that stock exchange so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by the rules of that stock exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the Notes on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CMU Service. 
All notices to the Noteholders will be deemed to be validly given if filed with the Companies Announcements Office 
of Euronext Dublin. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case of any 
Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent. Whilst any of the Notes 
are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or in the case of Notes lodged with the CMU Service, by 
delivery by such holder or such notice to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent in Hong Kong, as the case may be, in 
such manner as the Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or the CMU Service, 
as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or 
Noteholders holding not less than five percent in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining

--- Page 111 ---
-111- 
 
outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding 
or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of 
the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or 
altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-quarter in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution passed at a meeting of 
the Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a clear majority of the persons 
voting on the resolution upon a show of hands or if a poll was duly demanded then by a clear majority of the votes 
given on the poll or consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) by or behalf 
of all the Noteholders, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether 
or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. The Agency Agreement also includes provisions 
for convening, in certain circumstances, joint meetings of Noteholders of more than one Series. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as 
mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Where the Issuer is FCFE, the provisions of articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law of August 10, 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended, are hereby excluded. 
15. 
SUBSTITUTION 
(a) 
Substitution of FCFE by Stellantis  
(I) 
In the case of Notes issued by FCFE, FCFE may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons Stellantis N.V. as 
Issuer, provided that no Event of Default has occurred in respect of the Notes and no payment in respect of 
the Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue and the substitution would not immediately result 
in the Substitute having an option to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(b). The substitution shall be 
made by a deed poll (the “FCFE Substitution Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement as Schedule 8 and may take place only if: 
(i) 
Stellantis N.V. shall, by means of the FCFE Substitution Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each 
Noteholder and Couponholder against (A) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which 
is imposed on such Noteholder or Couponholder by (or by any subdivision or authority having 
power to tax in or of) the Netherlands with respect to any Note or Coupon or the Deed of Covenant 
that would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made and (B) any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense relating to the substitution;  
(ii) 
all the provisions set forth in the Conditions with respect to Stellantis N.V. as Issuer of the Notes 
shall apply to the Notes following the substitution as if the Notes were originally issued by 
Stellantis N.V.;  
(iii) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining 
of any necessary consents) to ensure that (A) the FCFE Substitution Deed Poll and the Notes, the

--- Page 112 ---
-112- 
 
Coupons, the Deed of Covenant and such other documentation as may be necessary to be executed 
by Stellantis N.V. to effect the substitution (including, without limitation, amended and restated 
Final Terms reflecting the substitution) represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations 
of Stellantis N.V. and (B) the FCFE Substitution Deed Poll and such other documentation as may 
be necessary to be executed by FCFE to effect the substitution represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of FCFE have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect;  
(iv) 
the relevant stock exchange (if any) shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution, 
the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange;  
(v) 
legal opinions, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, addressed to the Noteholders 
shall have been delivered to them (care of the Principal Paying Agent) from lawyers or firms of 
lawyers with leading securities practices in the Netherlands, the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg and 
in England as to the fulfilment of the conditions specified in paragraph (iii) of this Condition 15(a) 
and the other matters specified in the FCFE Substitution Deed Poll; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, in 
accordance with Condition 13, stating that copies, or, pending execution, the agreed text, of all 
documents in relation to the substitution which are referred to above, or which might otherwise 
reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, will be available for inspection at the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents. 
(II) 
Upon the execution of the FCFE Substitution Deed Poll by all parties thereto and the satisfaction of the 
other conditions set out in this Condition 15(a) and the FCFE Substitution Deed Poll, Stellantis N.V. shall 
succeed to and be substituted for the Issuer under the Notes and the Agency Agreement with the same effect 
as if it had been named as the Issuer herein. For the avoidance of doubt, following substitution in accordance 
with this Condition 15(a), FCFE shall cease to be the Issuer under the Notes, including, without limitation, 
for the purposes of Condition 9(iii) and 9(v), and any such substitution shall not, of itself, trigger such events 
of default or constitute a Change of Control for the purposes of Condition 6(k).  
(III) 
Following substitution, references in Condition 9 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include 
obligations under the FCFE Substitution Deed Poll. 
(IV) 
The FCFE Substitution Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be delivered to, and 
kept by, the Principal Paying Agent. Copies of such documents will be available free of charge at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
(b) 
Substitution of Stellantis N.V. by a Treasury Subsidiary 
(I) 
In the case of Notes issued by Stellantis N.V., Stellantis N.V. may at any time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes and the Coupons, 
any company (the “Substitute”) that is a Treasury Subsidiary (as defined below) of Stellantis N.V., provided 
that no Event of Default has occurred in respect of the Notes and no payment in respect of the Notes or the 
Coupons is at the relevant time overdue and the substitution would not immediately result in the Substitute 
having an option to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(b). The substitution shall be made by a deed 
poll (the “Stellantis Substitution Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement as Schedule 8, and may take place only if:  
(i) 
The Substitute, failing which Stellantis N.V., shall, by means of the Stellantis Substitution Deed 
Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against (A) any tax, duty, assessment 
or governmental charge that is imposed on it by (or by any subdivision or authority having the 
power to tax in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes 
and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note or Coupon or the New Deed of 
Covenant (as defined below) that would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been 
made and (B) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating 
to the substitution;

--- Page 113 ---
-113- 
 
(ii) 
all the provisions set forth in the Conditions with respect to FCFE as Issuer and Stellantis N.V. as 
Guarantor of the Notes shall apply to the Notes following the substitution as if the Notes were 
originally issued by the Substitute and guaranteed by Stellantis N.V., provided that in respect of 
the Substitute (unless the Substitute is FCFE), the reference to “the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg” 
(where the Issuer is FCFE) in Condition 6(b) shall be replaced by reference to the Substitute’s 
country of residence for tax purposes and, if different, its country of incorporation; 
(iii) 
the obligations of the Substitute under the Stellantis Substitution Deed Poll, the Notes, the Coupons 
and the New Deed of Covenant shall be irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed by Stellantis 
N.V. (on substantially the same terms as the Guarantee) by means of the Stellantis Substitution 
Deed Poll;  
(iv) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining 
of any necessary consents) to ensure that (A) the Stellantis Substitution Deed Poll, the Notes, the 
Coupons, the New Deed of Covenant and such other documentation as may be necessary to be 
executed by the Substitute to effect the substitution (including, without limitation, amended and 
restated Final Terms reflecting the substitution) represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute and (B) the Stellantis Substitution Deed Poll and any such other 
documentation as may be necessary to be executed by Stellantis N.V. to effect the substitution 
(including, without limitation, amended and restated Final Terms reflecting the substitution) 
represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of Stellantis N.V. have been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect;  
(v) 
unless the Substitute is FCFE, in order to effect the substitution, the Substitute shall have become 
party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been 
an original party to it and shall have entered into (A) a Deed of Covenant substantially in the form 
of the Deed of Covenant (the “New Deed of Covenant”) and (B) a supplemental global note, 
supplemental to the Global Note which represents the Notes prior to the substitution; 
(vi) 
the relevant stock exchange (if any) shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution, 
the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(vii) 
legal opinions, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, addressed to the Noteholders 
shall have been delivered to them (care of the Principal Paying Agent) from lawyers or firms of 
lawyers with leading securities practices in the Netherlands, the jurisdiction of incorporation of the 
Substitute and in England as to the fulfilment of the preceding conditions of paragraph (iv) of this 
Condition 15(b) and the other matters specified in the Stellantis Substitution Deed Poll; and 
(viii) 
Stellantis N.V. shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the 
Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 13, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed 
text, of all documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might 
otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
(II) 
Upon the execution of the Stellantis Substitution Deed Poll by all parties thereto and the satisfaction of the 
other conditions set out in this Condition 15(b) and the Stellantis Substitution Deed Poll, the Substitute shall 
succeed to and be substituted for the Issuer under the Notes and the Agency Agreement with the same effect 
as if it had been named as the Issuer herein and Stellantis N.V. shall become the Guarantor as if the Notes 
had been originally guaranteed by Stellantis N.V.. 
(III) 
Following substitution references in Condition 9 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include 
obligations under the Stellantis Substitution Deed Poll, and, where the Stellantis Substitution Deed Poll 
contains a guarantee, the events listed in Condition 9 shall be deemed to include that guarantee not being 
(or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and effect. 
(IV) 
The Stellantis Substitution Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be delivered to, 
and kept by, the Principal Paying Agent. Copies of such documents will be available free of charge at the 
specified office of each of the Paying Agents.

--- Page 114 ---
-114- 
 
(c) 
Substitution as Issuer of a Treasury Subsidiary by another Treasury Subsidiary  
(I) 
In the case of Notes where the Issuer is a Treasury Subsidiary (whether as Original Issuer or as substituted 
Issuer pursuant to the terms of Condition 15(b) or (c)), such Treasury Subsidiary, may at any time, without 
the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes 
and the Coupons, any company (the “Substitute”) that is also a Treasury Subsidiary (as defined below), 
provided that no Event of Default has occurred in respect of the Notes and no payment in respect of the 
Notes or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue and the substitution would not immediately result in 
the Substitute having an option to redeem the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(b). The substitution shall be 
made by a deed poll (the “Treasury Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll”), to be substantially in the form 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 8, and may take place only if:  
(i) 
the Substitute, failing which, Stellantis N.V., shall, by means of the Treasury Subsidiary 
Substitution Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against (A) any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on such Noteholder or Couponholder by 
(or by any subdivision or authority having the power to tax in or of) the jurisdiction of the country 
of the Substitute’s residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to 
any Note or Coupon or the New Deed of Covenant that would not have been so imposed had the 
substitution not been made, and (B) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any 
cost or expense, relating to the substitution;  
(ii) 
all the provisions set forth in the Conditions with respect to FCFE as Issuer and Stellantis N.V. as 
Guarantor of the Notes shall apply to the Notes following the substitution as if the Notes were 
originally issued by the Substitute and guaranteed by Stellantis N.V., provided that in respect of 
the Substitute (unless the Substitute is FCFE), the reference to “the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg” 
(where the Issuer is FCFE) in Condition 6(b) shall be replaced by reference to the Substitute’s 
country of residence for tax purposes and, if different, its country of incorporation; 
(iii) 
the obligations of the Substitute under the Treasury Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll, the Notes, 
the Coupons and the New Deed of Covenant shall be irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed 
by Stellantis N.V. (on substantially the same terms as the Guarantee) by means of the Treasury 
Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll;  
(iv) 
(A) all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Treasury Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll, 
the Notes, the Coupons, the New Deed of Covenant and such other documentation as may be 
necessary to be executed by the Substitute and the original Issuer to effect the substitution 
(including, in respect of the Substitute, without limitation, amended and restated Final Terms 
reflecting the substitution) represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute and, (B) the Treasury Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll and such other documentation 
as may be necessary to be executed by Stellantis N.V. to effect the substitution (including, without 
limitation, amended and restated Final Terms reflecting substitution) represent valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations of Stellantis N.V. have been taken, fulfilled and done and are 
in full force and effect;  
(v) 
unless the Substitute is FCFE, in order to effect the substitution, the Substitute shall have become 
party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been 
an original party to it and shall have entered into (A) a deed of covenant substantially in the form 
of the Deed of Covenant (the “New Deed of Covenant”) and (B), a supplemental global note, 
supplemental to the Global Note which represents the Notes prior to the substitution;  
(vi) 
the relevant stock exchange (if any) shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution, 
the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange;  
(vii) 
legal opinions, subject to customary assumptions and qualifications, addressed to the Noteholders 
shall have been delivered to them (care of the Principal Paying Agent) from lawyers or firms of 
lawyers with leading securities practices in the Netherlands, the jurisdiction of incorporation of the 
Substitute, the jurisdiction of incorporation of the substituted Issuer and in England as to the

--- Page 115 ---
-115- 
 
fulfilment of the preceding conditions of paragraph (iv) of this Condition 15(c) and the other 
matters specified in the Treasury Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll; and  
(viii) 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, in 
accordance with Condition 13, stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all 
documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise 
reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents.  
(II) 
Upon the execution of the Treasury Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll by all parties thereto and the 
satisfaction of the other conditions set out in this Condition 15(c) and the Treasury Substitution Deed Poll, 
the Substitute shall succeed to and be substituted for the Issuer under the Notes and the Agency Agreement 
with the same effect as if it had been named as the Issuer herein and Stellantis N.V. shall continue to be the 
Guarantor of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, following substitution in accordance with Condition 
15(c), the Original Issuer shall cease to be the Issuer under the Notes, including, without limitation, for the 
purposes of Condition 9(iii) and 9(v), and any such substitution shall not, of itself, trigger such events of 
default or constitute a Change of Control for the purposes of Condition 6(k).  
(III) 
Following substitution, references in Condition 9 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include 
obligations under the Treasury Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll, and where the Treasury Substitution Deed 
Poll contains a guarantee, the events listed in Condition 9 shall be deemed to include that guarantee not 
being (or being claimed by the guarantor not to be) in full force and effect.  
(IV) 
The Treasury Subsidiary Substitution Deed Poll and all documents relating to the substitution shall be 
delivered to, and kept by, the Principal Paying Agent. Copies of such documents will be available free of 
charge at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
For the purposes of this Condition 15, “Treasury Subsidiary” means any Treasury Subsidiary of Stellantis as defined 
in Condition 9. 
(d) 
Consent to Substitution  
By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring the Notes, the Noteholders expressly and irrevocably: (i) consent in advance 
to the substitution of FCFE, Stellantis N.V. or any Treasury Subsidiary, as the case may be, as Issuer by Stellantis 
N.V. or a Treasury Subsidiary, as the case may be, to the extent carried out pursuant to, and in compliance with, 
Condition 15(a), (b) or (c); (ii) following any such substitution in accordance with Condition 15, consent to the 
release of FCFE, or any Treasury Subsidiary, as the case may be, which has been so substituted as Issuer from any 
and all obligations in respect of the Notes and any relevant agreements (other than as set out in any agreements 
relating to the relevant substitution) and are expressly deemed to have accepted such substitution and the 
consequences thereof; and (iii) direct the Principal Paying Agent to take such actions as are necessary to effect any 
such substitution. Any substitution shall be effected without cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to create 
and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue so that the 
same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 
The Notes confer no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Notes, 
but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law: The Agency Agreement, the Guarantee (where applicable), the Deed of Covenant, the 
FCFE Substitution Deed Poll, the Stellantis Substitution Deed Poll, the FCFE and Subsidiary Substitution

--- Page 116 ---
-116- 
 
Deed Poll (in each case where relevant), the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee (where applicable), the Deed of 
Covenant, the FCFE Substitution Deed Poll, the Stellantis Substitution Deed Poll, the FCFE and Subsidiary 
Substitution Deed Poll (in each case where relevant), the Notes and the Coupons will be, if executed, or are 
governed by, and shall (to the extent executed) be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction: Subject to Condition 18(d), the courts of England have jurisdiction to settle 
any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons 
(a “Dispute”) and, accordingly, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders and Couponholders in relation to 
any Dispute submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Condition 18, the Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have 
now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as 
“Proceedings”) in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought 
in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any 
jurisdiction. 
(d) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or 
Disputes, take (i) Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, and (ii) 
concurrent Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Appointment of Process Agent: Each Issuer appoints Fiat Chrysler Automobiles UK, Ltd; at its registered 
office for the time being at Pinley House, 2 Sunbeam Way, Coventry, West Midlands, CV3 1ND, UK as its 
agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles UK, Ltd. ceasing 
so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Each Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify 
it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any 
other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 117 ---
-117- 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used to finance the activities of the Company, which may include repayment 
or refinancing of other indebtedness.

--- Page 118 ---
-118- 
 
FIAT CHRYSLER FINANCE EUROPE 
BUSINESS AND INCORPORATION 
FCFE was formed as a company with limited liability (société anonyme) under the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 
on June 18, 1997, for an unlimited duration. FCFE was originally named Fiat Finance and Trade Ltd., but its name was 
changed effective October 29, 2014. Its registered office is at 412F, Route d’Esch, L-2086 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg, its telephone number is +352 466111 3753 and it is registered in the Luxembourg trade and company register 
(Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés de Luxembourg) under number B-59500, TVA LU32021885. The articles of 
incorporation of FCFE have been published in the Mémorial C, Journal Officiel du Grand-Duché de Luxembourg, Recueil 
Spécial des Sociétés et Associations under number C. 384 of July 17, 1997. The articles were modified on October 9, 1997 
(published in the Mémorial C under number 635 of November 13, 1997), on December 31, 1998 (published in the Mémorial 
C under number 237 of April 6, 1999), on June 25, 1999 (published in the Mémorial C under number 705 of September 22, 
1999), on November 27, 2000 (published in the Mémorial C under number 514 of July 7, 2001), on November 12, 2004 
(published in the Mémorial C under number 118 of February 9, 2005),on January 27, 2006 (published in the Mémorial C 
under number 792 of April 20, 2006), on October 29, 2014 (published in the Mémorial C under number 3646 of December 
1, 2014) and on November 17, 2017 (published in Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations under number RESA 
2017 269 (L 170226258) of November 21, 2017). 
The articles of incorporation of FCFE were fully restated pursuant to a notarial deed dated December 16, 2019 whereby 
FCFE has been transformed from a société anonyme into a société en nom collectif, with effect as of close of business on 
December 31, 2019. Such restated articles of incorporation of FCFE have been filed with the Luxembourg Register of 
Commerce and Companies and have been published in Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations under number 
RESA 2020_015.390 (L 200010337) of January 20, 2020. 
As part of an internal restructuring, on September 29, 2017, Stellantis N.V.(formerly FCA N.V.) acquired the 60 percent 
stake in FCFE previously held by Fiat Chrysler Finance S.p.A. As a result of this transaction, Stellantis N.V. became the sole 
shareholder of FCFE. Thereafter, on December 12, 2019, Fiat Chrysler Finance Luxembourg, a private limited liability 
company (société à responsabilité limitée) governed by the laws of Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the 
Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) B239947, whose 
sole shareholder is Stellantis N.V. (“FCFL”), acquired from Stellantis N.V., 1 share in FCFE. Consequently, Stellantis N.V. 
currently holds 13,415 of shares in FCFE and FCFL holds one share in FCFE. 
On September 30, 2017, FCA acquired the entire 100 percent stake in Fiat Chrysler Finance North America, Inc. (FCFNA) 
and Fiat Chrysler Finance Canada Ltd. (FCFC) previously held by FCFE. FCFNA is now an indirect 100 percent owned 
subsidiary of Stellantis N.V. and FCFC is now a direct 100 percent owned subsidiary of Stellantis N.V. 
FCFE provides cash management and treasury services mainly to Stellantis subsidiaries based in Europe and, in this role, is 
dependent on the performance of such Stellantis subsidiaries to which it provides finance. Its object, according to Article 3 
of its articles of incorporation, is the holding of participations in other companies and/or enterprises and the direct and/or 
indirect financing of such entities or entities being members of its group. 
As at December 31, 2021, the registered share capital of FCFE is €86,494,000, represented by 13,416 shares without a 
nominal value. 
On August 1, 1997, the board of directors of FCFE set up the branch, based in London (the “UK Branch”). By resolutions of 
FCFE dated November 22, 2019, FCFE allocated, with effect from December 31, 2019, all of its assets and liabilities to the 
UK Branch (to the sole exception of such assets and liabilities which by nature relate to the head office) and appointed Marco 
Casalino as manager of the UK Branch. On November 29, 2021 the board of managers approved the establishment of a new 
branch based in the Netherlands (the “Dutch Branch”). Concurrently, the board of managers approved the winding down of 
the UK Branch, the allocation of relevant activities to the Dutch Branch and the transfer of the assets and liabilities from the 
UK Branch to the Dutch Branch, with effect on December 31, 2021. Finally the board of managers appointed Vianney 
Cornelis Wouter Heeren as manager of the Dutch Branch and (until the final closing) of the UK Branch, replacing Marco 
Casalino who decided to retire. The address of the Dutch Branch is currently Taurusavenue 1, 2132LS Hoofddorp.

--- Page 119 ---
-119- 
 
Directors 
FCFE is managed by FCFL as sole manager whereas FCFL is managed by a board of managers. The names of the managers 
are listed below: 
NAME 
POSITION ON BOARD 
Saliha Boulhais 
Class A Manager 
David Gubbini 
Class B Manager 
Chantal Mathu 
Class A Manager 
Marella Moretti 
Class B Manager 
The business address for the board of managers is 412F, Route d’Esch, L-2086 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
The managers of FCFL (the sole manager of FCFE) do not hold any relevant positions outside the Company and/or FCFE 
that are significant with respect to FCFE, and there are no potential conflicts of interest of the members of FCFL’s board of 
managers between their duties to FCFE and their private interests and/or other duties. 
IQ-EQ (Luxembourg) S.A., a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg 
with its registered office at 412F, Route d’Esch, L-2086 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the 
Register under number B.65.906, acts as the corporate services provider of FCFE and FCFL (the “Luxembourg Corporate 
Services Provider”). 
Pursuant to the terms of the corporate services agreement entered into between the Luxembourg Corporate Services Provider 
and FCFE, the Luxembourg Corporate Services Provider will perform in Luxembourg certain administrative, accounting and 
related services. In consideration of the foregoing, the Luxembourg Corporate Services Provider will receive various fees 
payable to it by FCFE at rates agreed upon from time to time. 
FCFE’s independent auditors for the financial years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021 were Ernst & Young 
S.A. 
There are no recent events particular to FCFE which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of FCFE’s solvency. 
FCFE is in compliance with those corporate governance laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to which it may be subject, 
if any.

--- Page 120 ---
-120- 
 
STELLANTIS 
Stellantis is a global automotive group engaged in designing, engineering, manufacturing, distributing and selling vehicles, 
components and production systems worldwide. Stellantis designs, engineers, manufactures, distributes and sells vehicles 
under the Abarth, Alfa Romeo, Chrysler, Citroën, Dodge, DS, Fiat, Fiat Professional, Jeep, Lancia, Opel, Peugeot, Ram and 
Vauxhall brands. Stellantis centralizes design, engineering, development and manufacturing operations, to allow it to 
efficiently operate on a global scale. Stellantis supports its vehicle shipments with the sale of related service parts and 
accessories, as well as service contracts, worldwide for mass-market vehicles. In addition, it designs, engineers, 
manufactures, distributes and sells luxury vehicles under the Maserati brand. Stellantis makes retail and dealer financing, 
leasing and rental services available through its subsidiaries, joint ventures and commercial arrangements with third party 
financial institutions. In addition, Stellantis operates in the components and production systems sectors under the Teksid and 
Comau brands.  
In 2021, Stellantis shipped 6,049 thousand vehicles (including the Company's unconsolidated joint ventures), resulting in Net 
revenues of €149 billion and Net profit from continuing operations of €13 billion and generated €7.9 billion of Industrial free 
cash flows (please see Non-GAAP Financial Measures below). At December 31, 2021, the Company’s available liquidity 
was €63.9 billion (including €12.8 billion available under undrawn committed credit lines). 
History of the Company  
Stellantis was incorporated as a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws of the Netherlands 
on April 1, 2014 under the name Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V (“FCA”).  
In its current configuration, Stellantis is the result of the merger of FCA and PSA, each of which were leading independent 
global automotive groups prior to the merger. 
Fiat S.p.A., the predecessor to FCA, was founded as Fabbrica Italiana Automobili Torino on July 11, 1899 in Turin, Italy as 
an automobile manufacturer. Fiat S.p.A. grew in Italy and internationally in the following decades both organically and 
through the acquisition of several prominent brands and manufacturers including Lancia, Alfa Romeo, Maserati and Ferrari. 
In 2009, FCA US LLC, then known as Chrysler Group LLC (“FCA US”), acquired the principal operating assets of the 
former Chrysler LLC as part of a government-sponsored restructuring of the North American automotive industry. Between 
2009 and 2014, Fiat S.p.A. expanded its initial 20 percent ownership interest to 100 percent of the ownership of FCA US 
and on October 12, 2014, Fiat S.p.A. completed a corporate reorganization resulting in the establishment of FCA as the 
parent company of the FCA Group, with its principal executive offices in the United Kingdom. In January 2011, the 
separation of Fiat S.p.A.’s non-automotive capital goods business was completed with the creation of Fiat Industrial, now 
known as CNH Industrial N.V. In October 2015, the initial public offering of Ferrari N.V. was completed, followed by the 
spin-off of FCA’s remaining interest in Ferrari to its shareholders in January 2016. 
Peugeot S.A. began manufacturing and selling vehicles to consumers in 1896 and also expanded its automotive business, 
particularly in the second half of the twentieth century. In 1974, PSA acquired all of the outstanding shares of Citroën S.A. 
and then merged the two companies in 1976. In 1978, PSA acquired Chrysler Corporation’s stake in its industrial and 
commercial subsidiaries in Europe, as well as Chrysler Financial Corporation’s European commercial financing subsidiaries. 
In 1995, PSA Finance Holding, which provided financing for Peugeot and Citroën vehicle sales, was transformed into a 
bank and subsequently renamed “Banque PSA Finance”. PSA acquired the Opel and Vauxhall subsidiaries of General 
Motors (“GM”) on August 1, 2017. As contemplated by the business combination agreement for the merger of FCA and 
PSA, on March 22, 2021, Stellantis distributed to shareholders its entire interest (39 percent) in Faurecia, an automotive 
equipment supplier and formerly the automotive equipment division of PSA, to holders of Stellantis common shares.  
On December 17, 2019, FCA and PSA entered into a combination agreement (as amended, the “combination agreement”) 
agreeing to merge the two groups. On January 16, 2021, PSA merged with and into FCA, with FCA as the surviving legal 
entity in the merger. On January 17, 2021, the combined company was renamed Stellantis, the board of directors was 
appointed and the Stellantis articles of association became effective. On this date, the Stellantis management and board of 
directors collectively obtained the power and the ability to control the assets, liabilities and operations of both FCA and 
PSA. As such, under IFRS 3 - Business Combinations (“IFRS 3”), January 17, 2021 is the acquisition date for the business 
combination. 
On January 18, 2021, Stellantis common shares began trading on Euronext Milan and Euronext Paris under the symbol 
“STLA” and on January 19, 2021 on the NYSE under the symbol “STLA”. Until then, and since October 13, 2014, the

--- Page 121 ---
-121- 
 
common shares of FCA were traded on the NYSE under the symbol “FCAU” and on Euronext Milan under the symbol 
“FCA”. 
The principal office of Stellantis is located at Taurusavenue 1, 2132LS, Hoofddorp, the Netherlands (telephone number: +31 
23 700 1511). Its agent for U.S. federal securities law purposes is Christopher J. Pardi, c/o FCA US LLC, 1000 Chrysler 
Drive, Auburn Hills, Michigan 48326. 
Overview of the Company’s Business  
Stellantis’ activities during the year ended December 31, 2021, were carried out through the following six reportable 
segments:  
 
North America: Stellantis’ operations to manufacture, distribute and sell vehicles in the United States, Canada and 
Mexico, primarily under the Jeep, Ram, Dodge, Chrysler, Fiat and Alfa Romeo brands. Manufacturing plants are 
located in: US, Canada and Mexico;  
 
South America: Stellantis’ operations to manufacture, distribute and sell vehicles in South and Central America, 
primarily under the Fiat, Fiat Professional, Jeep, Peugeot and Citroën brands, with the largest focus of its business 
in Brazil and Argentina. Manufacturing plants are located in: Brazil and Argentina;  
 
Enlarged Europe: Stellantis’ operations to manufacture, distribute and sell vehicles in Europe (which includes the 
27 members of the European Union, the United Kingdom and the members of the European Free Trade 
Association). Primarily under Peugeot, Citroën, Opel/Vauxhall, DS, Fiat and Fiat Professional brands. 
Manufacturing plants are located in: France, Italy, Spain, Germany, United Kingdom, Poland, Portugal, Russia, 
Serbia and Slovakia; 
 
Middle East & Africa: Stellantis’operations to manufacture, distribute and sell vehicles primarily in Turkey, Egypt 
and Morocco under the Peugeot, Citroën, Opel, Fiat and Jeep brands. Manufacturing plants are located in Morocco 
and in Turkey, through the Company’s joint venture with Tofas-Turk Otomobil Fabrikasi A.S. (“Tofas”);  
 
China, India & Asia Pacific: Stellantis’ operations to manufacture, distribute and sell vehicles in the Asia Pacific 
region (mostly in China, Japan, India, Australia and South Korea) carried out in the region through both subsidiaries 
and joint ventures, primarily under the Jeep, Peugeot, Citroën, Fiat, DS and Alfa Romeo brands. Manufacturing 
plants are located in China, India and Malaysia through the Company’s joint ventures with GAC Fiat Chrysler 
Automobiles Co (“GAC FCA JV”), Dongfeng Peugeot Citroën Automobiles (“DPCA JV”), India Fiat India 
Automobiles Private Limited (“FIAPL JV”) and the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary Stellantis Gurun 
(Malaysia); 
 
Maserati: Stellantis’ operations to design, engineer, develop, manufacture, distribute worldwide and sell luxury 
vehicles under the Maserati brand. 
Prior to the merger, PSA had four reportable segments. Please see Note 29, “Segment reporting” in the Stellantis 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Stellantis also owns or holds interests in companies operating in other activities and businesses. These activities are grouped 
under “Other Activities”, which primarily consists of the Company’s industrial automation systems design and production 
business, under the Comau brand name, and its cast iron and aluminum business, which produce cast iron components for 
engines, gearboxes, transmissions and suspension systems, and aluminum cylinder heads and engine blocks, under the Teksid 
brand name, as well as companies that provide services, including accounting, payroll, tax, insurance, purchasing, 
information technology, facility management and security for the Company, and manage central treasury activities. This also 
includes the Company’s financial services activities. Please see Note 3, “Scope of consolidation” in the Stellantis 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements for detail on the completed sale on October 1, 2021 of Teksid's cast iron production 
business in Brazil and Portugal. 
Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
Adjusted operating income: Adjusted operating income/(loss) excludes from Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations 
adjustments comprising restructuring, impairments, asset write-offs, disposals of investments and unusual operating

--- Page 122 ---
-122- 
 
income/(expense) that are considered rare or discrete events and are infrequent in nature, as inclusion of such items is not 
considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance, and also excludes Net financial 
expenses/(income), Tax expense/(benefit) and Share of the profit/(loss) of equity method investees. Unusual operating 
income/(expense) are impacts from strategic decisions as well as events considered rare or discrete and infrequent in nature, 
as inclusion of such items is not considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance. Unusual 
operating income/(expense) includes, but may not be limited to:  
• 
Impacts from strategic decisions to rationalize Stellantis’ core operations,  
• 
Facility-related costs stemming from Stellantis’ plans to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand, 
and  
• 
Convergence and integration costs directly related to significant acquisitions or mergers. 
Adjusted operating income is used for internal reporting to assess performance and as part of the Company's forecasting, 
budgeting and decision making processes as it provides additional transparency to the Company's core operations. Stellantis 
believe this non-GAAP measure is useful because it excludes items that they do not believe are indicative of the Company’s 
ongoing operating performance and allows management to view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons and 
benchmark performance between periods and among the Company’s segments. Stellantis also believes that Adjusted 
operating income is useful to understand how management assesses the Company’s ongoing operating performance on a 
consistent basis.  
Adjusted operating income should not be considered as a substitute for Net profit from continuing operations, cash flow or 
other methods of analyzing Stellantis’ results as reported under IFRS.  
The following table is the reconciliation of Net profit from continuing operations, which is the most directly comparable 
measure included in the consolidated income statement included in the Stellantis 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, to 
Adjusted operating income: 
Years ended December 31, 
(€ million) 
2021 
Net profit from continuing operations 
 
13,218  
Tax expense 
 
1,911  
Net financial expenses 
 
734  
Share of the profit of equity method investees 
 
(737) 
Operating income 
 
15,126  
Adjustments: 
 
Restructuring and other costs, net of reversals 
  
873  
Change in estimate of non-contractual warranties 
  
732  
Reversal of inventory fair value adjustment in purchase accounting 
  
522  
Impairment expense and supplier obligations 
  
309  
Brazilian indirect tax - reversal of liability/recognition of credits 
  
(253) 
Other 
  
529  
Total adjustments January 1 - December 31, 2021 
 
2,712  
Less: Adjustments January 1- 16, 2021 
 
11  
Adjusted operating income 
 
17,827  
 
Industrial free cash flows: is Stellantis’ key cash flow metric and is calculated as Cash flows from operating activities less: 
cash flows from operating activities from discontinued operations; cash flows from operating activities related to financial 
services, net of eliminations; investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities, 
contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method investments; 
adjusted for: net intercompany payments between continuing operations and discontinued operations, proceeds from disposal 
of assets and contributions to defined benefit pension plans, net of tax. For the year ended December 31, 2021, Pro Forma 
Industrial free cash flows include the Industrial free cash flows of FCA for the period January 1 - January 16, 2021. The 
timing of Industrial free cash flows may be affected by the timing of monetization of receivables and the payment of accounts 
payables, as well as changes in other components of working capital, which can vary from period to period due to, among 
other things, cash management initiatives and other factors, some of which may be outside of the Company’s control.

--- Page 123 ---
-123- 
 
Industrial free cash flows should not be considered as a substitute for Net profit from continuing operations, cash flow or 
other methods of analyzing Stellantis’ results as reported under IFRS. 
The following table provides a reconciliation of Cash flows from operating activities, the most directly comparable measure 
included in the consolidated statement of cash flows included in the Stellantis 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, to 
Industrial free cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
Year ended December 31, 
(€ million) 
2021 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
18,646  
Less: Cash flows from operating activities - discontinued operations 
 
—  
Cash flows from operating activities - continuing operations 
 
18,646  
Less: Operating activities not attributable to industrial activities 
 
276  
Less: Capital expenditures and capitalized research and development expenditures and change in 
amounts payable on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities 
 
10,081  
Add: Proceeds from disposal of assets other changes in investing activities 
 
327  
Less: Contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries 
and equity method investments 
 
811  
Add: Defined benefit pension contribution, net of tax 
 
80  
Industrial free cash flows 
 
7,885  
Add: Industrial free cash flows of FCA, January 1 - 16, 2021 
 
(1,813) 
Pro Forma Industrial free cash flows  
 
6,072  
Aggregated Industrial free cash flows 
Year ended December 31 
(€ million) 
2020 
PSA Automotive free cash flows 
 
2,660  
FCA Industrial free cash flows 
 
624  
Aggregated Industrial free cash flows(1) 
 
3,284  
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
__ 
(1) The aggregated Industrial free cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020 is the simple aggregation of FCA and PSA (excluding Faurecia) and does not reflect 
purchase accounting adjustments required by IFRS. 
Industrial net financial position: is calculated as: Debt plus derivative financial liabilities related to industrial activities less 
(i) cash and cash equivalents, (ii) financial securities that are considered liquid, (iii) current financial receivables from the 
Company or its jointly controlled financial services entities and (iv) derivative financial assets and collateral deposits; 
therefore, debt, cash and cash equivalents and other financial assets/liabilities pertaining to Stellantis’ financial services 
entities are excluded from the computation of the Industrial net financial position. Industrial net financial position includes 
the Industrial net financial position classified as held for sale. Stellantis believes Industrial net financial position is useful in 
providing a measure of the Company’s net cash, considering cash and cash equivalents and financial securities. Due to 
different sources of cash flows used for the repayment of the financial debt between industrial activities and financial services 
(by cash from operations for industrial activities and by collection of financial receivables for financial services) and the 
different business structure and leverage implications, Stellantis provide a separate analysis of Net financial position between 
industrial activities and financial services.

--- Page 124 ---
-124- 
 
Industrial net financial position 
At December 31, 2021 
(€ million) 
Company 
Industrial 
activities 
Financial 
services 
Third parties debt (Principal) 
 
(32,456)   
(29,994)   
(2,462) 
Capital market(1) 
 
(17,920)   
(17,475)   
(445) 
Bank debt 
 
(10,567)   
(9,442)   
(1,125) 
Other debt(2) 
 
(1,483)   
(608)   
(875) 
Lease liabilities 
 
(2,486)   
(2,469)   
(17) 
Accrued interest and other adjustments(3) 
 
(1,126)   
(1,118)   
(8) 
Debt with third parties 
 
(33,582) 
 
(31,112) 
 
(2,470) 
Intercompany, net(4) 
 
—    
123    
(123) 
Current financial receivables from jointly-controlled financial services companies(5) 
 
103    
103    
—  
Debt, net of intercompany, and current financial receivables from jointly-controlled 
financial service companies 
 
(33,479)   
(30,886)   
(2,593) 
Derivative financial assets/(liabilities), net and collateral deposits(6) 
 
(9)   
(10)   
1  
Financial securities(7) 
 
1,499    
1,370    
129  
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
49,629    
48,616    
1,013  
Net financial position 
 
17,640    
19,090    
(1,450) 
Industrial net financial position 
 
19,090  
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
__ 
(1) Includes notes issued under the Medium Term Programme, or MTN Programme, and other notes for €16,990 million, Schuldschein for €485 million and other financial 
instruments issued in financial markets, mainly from South America financial services companies for €445 million. 
(2) Includes asset-backed financing, i.e. sales of receivables for which de-recognition is not allowed under IFRS, and debt for securitizations programs, for €993 million. 
(3) Includes adjustments for purchase accounting and net (accrued)/deferred interest and other amortizing cost adjustments. 
(4) Net amount between industrial activities entities' financial receivables due from financial services entities (€550 million) and industrial activities entities' financial payables 
due to financial services entities (€427 million). 
(5) Financial receivables due from FCA Bank and from the BPF JVs with Group Santander Consumer Finance and with BNP Paribas Personal Finance. 
(6) Fair value of derivative financial instruments (net negative €42 million) and collateral deposits (€32 million). 
(7) Excludes certain financial securities held pursuant to applicable regulations (€354 million) and non-liquid equity investments (€191 million) and other non-liquid securities 
(€173 million). 
Aggregated Industrial net financial position 
(€ million) 
At December 31, 2020 
PSA Automotive net financial position 
 
13,231  
FCA Net industrial cash 
 
4,595  
Aggregated Industrial net financial position(1) 
 
17,826  
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
__ 
(1) The aggregated Industrial net financial position at December 31, 2020 is the simple aggregation of the previously reported amounts by FCA and PSA (excluding Faurecia) 
and does not reflect a) fair value adjustments increasing debt by approximately €1.400 million as of January 17, 2021 recorded as part of the purchase accounting 
adjustments required by IFRS; and b) approximately €230 million of a reduction in the Industrial net financial position to align to the Stellantis definition. 
The €1.3 billion difference in Industrial net financial position at December 31, 2021, as compared to the aggregated amount 
at December 31, 2020, primarily reflects the €6.1 billion Pro Forma Industrial Free Cash Flow for the period, the €0.2 billion 
proceeds from ARAMIS IPO (please refer to Note 27 “Equity” within the Stellantis 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements) 
and a €0.9 billion positive translation effects, partially offset by the €4.2 billion distributions to shareholders and €1.6 billion 
reduction, as a result of purchase accounting and alignment in definitions.

--- Page 125 ---
-125- 
 
Available liquidity  
The following table summarises Stellantis’ available liquidity: 
At December 31, 
(€ million) 
2021 
Cash, cash equivalents and financial securities(1) 
 
51,128 
Undrawn committed credit lines 
 
12,810 
Cash, cash equivalents and financial securities - included with Assets held for sale 
 
— 
Total Available liquidity(2) 
 
63,938  
of which: Available liquidity of the Industrial Activities 
 
62,706  
 
Aggregated(3) 
(€ million) 
At December 31, 2020 
Cash, cash equivalents and financial securities(1) 
 
44,748 
Undrawn committed credit lines 
 
13,478 
Cash, cash equivalents and financial securities - included with Assets held for sale 
 
27 
Total Available liquidity(2) 
 
58,253  
of which: Available liquidity of the Industrial Activities 
 
57,278  
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
__ 
(1) Financial securities are comprised of short term or marketable securities which represent temporary investments but do not satisfy all the requirements to be classified as 
cash 
equivalents as they may be subject to risk of change in value (even if they are short-term in nature or marketable). 
(2) The majority of Stellantis liquidity is available to its treasury operations in Europe and U.S.; however, liquidity is also available to certain subsidiaries which operate in 
other countries. Cash held in such countries may be subject to restrictions on transfer depending on the foreign jurisdictions in which these subsidiaries operate. Based on 
Stellantis’ review of such transfer restrictions in the countries in which it operates and maintains material cash balances, Stellantis does not believe such transfer restrictions 
had an adverse impact on its ability to meet its liquidity requirements at the dates presented above. 
(3) The aggregated Available Liquidity as of December 31, 2020, is the simple aggregation of FCA and PSA (excluding Faurecia) and does not reflect purchase accounting 
adjustments required by IFRS. 
Conflict of Interest Statement 
There are no potential conflicts of interest of the members of Stellantis N.V. board of directors between their duties to 
Stellantis N.V. and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Credit Rating 
The Company is currently rated with the following corporate credit ratings: 
 
Baa3 with a positive outlook from Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s”); 
 
BBB- with a stable outlook from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”); 
 
BBB- with a positive outlook from Fitch Ratings Ltd (“Fitch”); and 
 
BBB with a positive outlook from DBRS Limited (DBRS Morningstar) (“DBRS”). 
Recent Development 
On March 1, 2022, the Company published a press release entitled “Dare Forward 2030: Stellantis’ Blueprint for Cutting-
Edge Freedom of Mobility”, the main items being as set out below:

--- Page 126 ---
-126- 
 
Stellantis N.V. today unveiled Dare Forward 2030, its bold strategic plan for the coming decade that will drive Stellantis 
employees to be ‘second to none’ in value creation for all stakeholders. Stellantis commits to becoming the industry champion 
in the fight against climate change, reaching carbon net zero emissions by 2038. 
 
FOUNDATION 
Diversity, operational excellence, house of iconic brands, and a thoughtful product 
portfolio are Stellantis’ ‘second to none’ differentiators propelling the Company 
forward. 
 
 
Community of employees spans 170 nationalities across six regions 
 
Maintain break-even point at less than 50% of consolidated shipments 
 
Global BEV sales of five million units in 2030, reaching 100% of passenger car 
BEV sales mix in Europe and 50% passenger cars and light-duty trucks in the 
United States 
 
Lead industry with more than 75 BEVs, including the Jeep brand’s first 100% 
battery-electric SUV launching in early 2023, followed by the Ram ProMaster BEV 
later in 2023 and the Ram 1500 BEV pickup truck in 2024 
 
Specific U.S. product offensive of more than 25 all-new BEVs 
TECH 
Stellantis’ ambition is to embrace breakthrough ideas to offer innovative, clean, safe 
and affordable mobility. 
 
 
Confirm EV Day and Software Day commitments 
 
Increase planned battery capacity by 140 gigawatt-hours (GWh) to approximately 
400 GWh 
 
Expand hydrogen fuel cell technology to large vans in 2024; first U.S. offering in 
2025; further expands to heavy-duty trucks 
 
With Waymo, pave the way for sustainable “Delivery as a Service” 
 
Announce Stellantis Corporate Venture Fund with €300 million initial funding for 
advanced technologies adoption 
CARE 
Ethical responsibility is at the core of Stellantis to ensure a sustainable future of 
mobility for our customers, our employees, and our planet. 
 
 
50% carbon emissions reduction by 2030, compared with 2021 metrics, on the way 
to carbon net zero by 2038 
 
Circular economy “cradle-to-cradle” business unit 
 
Target top rankings for customer satisfaction across products and services 
 
Women to hold at least 35% of leadership roles 
 
Double the number of leaders with profit and loss responsibility 
 
Roll out Software and Data and Electric academies to support transformation 
VALUE 
Stellantis’ ambition is to be ‘second to none’ in value creation for all stakeholders while 
unleashing an entrepreneurial mindset 
 
 
Reach one-third of global sales online in 2030; launch a global digital marketplace 
offering customers a seamless journey through the entire Stellantis galaxy of 
products and services 
 
More autonomy to seven accretive businesses: mobility, financial services, pre-
owned cars, aftermarket, data as-a-service, circular economy, commercial vehicles 
 
Leadership in commercial vehicle market powered by 26 new launches and electric 
offerings in all segments, including new Ram 1500 BEV 
FINANCIALS 
Stellantis will manage the transition period toward electrification while delivering 
double-digit Adjusted Operating Income (AOI) margins and maximizing shareholder 
value

--- Page 127 ---
-127- 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general summary of certain tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations that may be relevant to the decision to purchase, own or dispose of 
the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of prospective beneficial owners 
of the Notes, some of which may be subject to special rules, nor with Notes that are not held and accounted for as financial 
assets. 
This summary is based upon the tax laws and/or practice at the date of this Base Prospectus, subject to any changes in law 
and/or practice occurring after such date, which could be made on a retroactive basis. This summary will not be updated to 
reflect changes in law or practice and, if any such change occurs, the information in this summary could be superseded. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisers as to the overall tax consequences of acquiring, holding 
and disposing of the Notes. 
The attention of holders of the Notes is drawn to the provisions relating to additional amounts referred to in Condition 7 
(Taxation). 
The Netherlands 
This summary solely addresses the principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposal of Notes 
issued on or after the date of this Base Prospectus and does not purport to describe every aspect of taxation that may be 
relevant to a particular holder. Tax matters are complex, and the tax consequences of the Programme to a particular holder 
of the Notes will depend in part on such holder’s circumstances. Accordingly, a holder is urged to consult his own tax adviser 
for a full understanding of the tax consequences of the Programme to him, including the applicability and effect of Dutch tax 
laws. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Dutch concepts, the meaning to be attributed to 
such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Dutch concepts under Dutch tax law. 
Where in this summary the terms “the Netherlands” and “Dutch” are used, these terms refer solely to the European part of 
the Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
This summary is based on the tax law of the Netherlands (unpublished case law not included) as it stands at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. The Dutch tax law upon which this summary is based is subject to changes, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Any such change may invalidate the contents of this summary, which will not be updated to reflect such change. This 
summary does therefore not take into account the amendments to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 introducing an 
additional conditional Dutch withholding tax for certain dividend distributions to low-tax jurisdictions and in abusive 
situations (Wet invoering conditionele bronbelasting op dividenden) as these amendments are not yet in effect as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The summary in this Dutch taxation paragraph does not address the Dutch tax consequences for a holder of Notes who: 
(i) 
is a person who may be deemed an owner of Notes for Dutch tax purposes pursuant to specific statutory attribution 
rules in Dutch tax law; 
(ii) 
is, although in principle subject to Dutch corporation tax, in whole or in part, specifically exempt from that tax in 
connection with income from Notes (such as a qualifying pension fund and a tax exempt investment fund (vrijgestelde 
beleggingsinstelling);  
(iii) 
is an investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) as defined in the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (the 
“CITA”); 
(iv) 
owns Notes in connection with a membership of a management board or a supervisory board, an employment 
relationship, a deemed employment relationship or management role; 
(v) 
has a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) in Stellantis N.V. or a deemed substantial interest (fictief aanmerkelijk 
belang) in Stellantis N.V. for Dutch tax purposes. Generally, a person holds a substantial interest if (a) such person – 
either alone or, in the case of an individual, together with his partner or any of his relatives by blood or by marriage

--- Page 128 ---
-128- 
 
in the direct line (including foster-children) or of those of his partner for Dutch tax purposes – owns or is deemed to 
own, directly or indirectly, 5 percent or more of the shares or of any class of shares of Stellantis N.V., or rights to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, such an interest in the shares of Stellantis N.V. or profit participating certificates 
(winstbewijzen) relating to 5 percent or more of the annual profits or to 5 percent or more of the liquidation proceeds 
of Stellantis N.V., or (b) such person’s shares, rights to acquire shares or profit participating certificates in Stellantis 
N.V. are held by him following the application of a non-recognition provision;  
(vi) 
is an entity that is related (gelieerd) to (one of) the Issuers within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 
2021. An entity is considered related if (i) it has a qualifying interest in (one of) the Issuers, (ii) (one of) the Issuers 
has a qualifying interest in that entity, or (iii) a third party has a qualifying interest in both (one of) the Issuers and 
that entity. The term qualifying interest means a directly or indirectly held interest – either by the entity individually 
or jointly if the holder of the Note is part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) – that enables the entity or 
the collaborating group to exercise such a decisive influence on (one of) the Issuers’ decisions that it can determine 
the activities of that Issuer; or 
(vii) 
is a corporate entity or taxable as a corporate entity and who is resident or deemed to be resident of Aruba, Curaçao 
or Sint Maarten for tax purposes. 
Withholding tax 
All payments under Notes may be made free from withholding or deduction of or for any taxes of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in the Netherlands, 
except where Notes are issued under such terms and conditions that such Notes are capable of being classified as equity of 
Stellantis N.V. for Dutch tax purposes or actually function as equity of Stellantis N.V. within the meaning of article 10, 
paragraph, 1 letter d of the CITA. 
If the exception applies, Stellantis N.V. would generally be required to withhold Dutch dividend withholding tax at a rate of 
15 percent from payments, other than a repayment of principal, made by it under the Notes. A holder of notes may be entitled 
to exemptions from, credit for, reductions in, refunds of Dutch dividend withholding tax, depending on the specific 
circumstances of that holder. 
Taxes on income and capital gains  
Resident holders of Notes: individuals 
A holder of Notes who is an individual and resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for purposes of Dutch income 
tax, and who is engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden) are generally subject to income tax at statutory progressive rates with a maximum of 49.5 percent on any 
benefits derived or deemed to be derived from the Notes, including any capital gains realized on any disposal of the Notes, 
where those benefits are attributable to: 
(i) 
an enterprise from which a that individual derives profits, whether as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) or by being co-
entitled (medegerechtigde) to the net worth of the enterprise other than as an entrepreneur or shareholder; or 
(ii) 
miscellaneous activities, including activities beyond the scope of active portfolio investment activities (meer dan 
normaal vermogensbeheer). 
Generally, Notes held by a Dutch resident individual who is not engaged or deemed to be engaged in an enterprise or in 
miscellaneous activities, or who is so engaged or deemed to be engaged but the Notes are not attributable to that enterprise 
or miscellaneous activities, will be subject to annual income tax imposed on a fictitious yield on the Notes under the regime 
for savings and investments (inkomen uit sparen en beleggen). Irrespective of the actual income or capital gains realized, the 
annual taxable benefit from such a Dutch resident individual’s assets and liabilities taxed under this regime, including the 
Notes, is set at a percentage of the positive balance of the fair market value of those assets, including the Notes, and the fair 
market value of these liabilities. The percentage increases:  
(i) 
from 1.82 percent over the first EUR 50,650 of such positive balance; 
(ii) 
to 4.37 percent over any excess positive balance between EUR 50,650.01 up to and including EUR 962,350; and

--- Page 129 ---
-129- 
 
(iii) 
to a maximum of 5.53 percent over any excess positive balance of EUR 962,350.01 or higher. 
These percentages will be reassessed each year and the amounts under (i) to (iii) will be adjusted for inflation each year. No 
taxation occurs if this positive balance does not exceed a certain threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The fair market value of 
assets, including the Notes, and liabilities that are taxed under this regime is measured once in each calendar year on 1 
January. The tax rate under the regime for savings and investments is a flat rate of 31 percent.  
Based on a decision by the Dutch Supreme Court of 24 December 2021 (ECLI:NL:HR:2021:1963) concerning the years 
2017 and 2018, taxation under the regime for savings and investments in its current form, as described in the above paragraphs 
may under specific circumstances contravene Section 1 of the First Protocol to the European Convention on Human Rights 
(protection of property) in combination with Section 14 of the European Convention on Human Rights (protection from 
discrimination). The Dutch State Secretary of Finance has announced that also the regime for taxation of savings and 
investments as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus will be amended to comply with the ruling of the Dutch Supreme 
Court mentioned above. At the date of this Base Prospectus, no legislative changes to the regime for savings and investments 
have been proposed yet. Noteholders are advised to consult their own tax advisor to ensure that tax is levied in accordance 
with the decision of the Dutch Supreme Court. 
Resident holders of Notes: corporate entities 
A holder of Notes that is an entity or enterprise subject to the CITA and resident or deemed to be resident in the Netherlands 
is generally subject to corporate income tax at statutory rates up to 25.8 percent on any benefits derived or deemed to be 
derived from the Notes, including any capital gains realized on their disposal. 
Non-resident holders of Notes: individuals 
If a holder of Notes is an individual who is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for purposes of 
Dutch income tax, he will not be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of any benefits derived or deemed to be derived from 
or in connection with Notes, except if: 
(i) 
he derives profits from an enterprise, whether as an entrepreneur or pursuant to a co-entitlement to the net value of 
such enterprise, other than as a shareholder, and such enterprise is carried on, in whole or in part, through a permanent 
establishment (vaste inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) in the Netherlands, to which 
the Notes are attributable; 
(ii) 
he is entitled to a share – other than by way of securities – in the profits of an enterprise, which is effectively managed 
in the Netherlands and to which the Notes are attributable; or 
(iii) 
he derives benefits or is deemed to derive benefits from or in connection with Notes that are taxable as benefits from 
miscellaneous activities performed in the Netherlands. 
Under certain specific circumstances, Dutch taxation rights may be restricted pursuant to treaties for the avoidance of double 
taxation. 
Non-resident holders of Notes: corporate entities 
If a holder of Notes is a corporate entity, or an entity, including an association, a partnership and a mutual fund, taxable as a 
corporate entity, which is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for purposes of Dutch corporation 
tax, it will not be subject to Dutch corporation tax in respect of any benefits derived or deemed to be derived from or in 
connection with Notes, except if  
(i) 
it derives profits from an enterprise directly which is carried on, in whole or in part, through a permanent establishment 
or a permanent representative in the Netherlands and to which permanent establishment or permanent representative 
its Notes are attributable; 
(ii) 
it is entitled to a share – other than by way of securities – in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net 
worth of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which the Notes are attributable; or

--- Page 130 ---
-130- 
 
(iii) 
it derives profits pursuant to a co-entitlement to the net value of an enterprise which is managed in the Netherlands, 
other than as a holder of securities and to which enterprise its Notes are attributable. 
Under certain specific circumstances, Dutch taxation rights may be restricted pursuant to treaties for the avoidance of double 
taxation. 
General 
A holder of Notes will not be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes by reason only of the execution 
and/or enforcement of the documents relating to the issue of Notes or the performance by any of the Issuers of its obligations 
under such documents or under the Notes. 
If a holder of Notes is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands, such holder will for Dutch tax purposes 
not carry on or be deemed to carry on an enterprise, in whole or in part, through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in the Netherlands by reason only of the execution and/or enforcement of the documents relating to the issue 
of Notes or the performance by any of the Issuers of its obligations under such documents or under Notes. 
Gift and inheritance taxes  
No Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax will arise with respect to an acquisition or deemed acquisition of Notes by way of 
gift by, or upon the death of, a holder of Notes who is neither resident nor deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for 
purposes of Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax except if, in the event of a gift whilst not being a resident nor being a 
deemed resident in the Netherlands for purposes of Dutch gift tax or Dutch inheritance tax, the holder of Notes becomes a 
resident or a deemed resident in the Netherlands and dies within 180 days after the date of the gift.  
For purposes of Dutch gift tax and Dutch inheritance tax, a gift of Notes made under a condition precedent is deemed to be 
made at the time the condition precedent is satisfied. 
Registration taxes and duties 
No Dutch registration tax, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty, other than court fees, is 
payable in the Netherlands in respect of or in connection with the execution and/or enforcement (including by legal 
proceedings and including the enforcement of any foreign judgment in the courts of the Netherlands) of the documents relating 
to the issue of Notes, the performance by any of the Issuers of its obligations under such documents or under Notes, or the 
transfer of Notes, except that Dutch real property transfer tax may be due upon an acquisition, in connection with Notes, of 
real property situated in the Netherlands, (an interest in) an asset that qualifies as real property situated in the Netherlands, or 
(an interest in) a right over real property situated in the Netherlands, for the purposes of Dutch real property transfer tax or 
where Notes are issued under such terms and conditions that they represent (an interest in) an asset that qualifies as real 
property situated in the Netherlands, for the purposes of Dutch real property transfer tax. 
Luxembourg 
The following discussion addresses certain Luxembourg tax consequences for potential purchasers or holders of Notes and is 
based on the Luxembourg law and regulations in effect and as interpreted by the Luxembourg tax authorities on the date of 
the Base Prospectus. This discussion is for general information purposes only and does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all possible tax consequences that may be relevant to a decision to subscribe, purchase, own or sell Notes. It is 
included herein solely for preliminary information purposes. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or 
tax advice. This summary does not allow any conclusion to be drawn with respect to issues not specifically addressed. Potential 
purchasers of Notes should consult their own professional advisers as to the particular tax consequences of making an 
investment in, holding or disposing of the Notes and the receipt of any amount in connection with the Notes and Coupons 
including the application and effect of any federal, state, or local taxes under the tax laws of Luxembourg and their countries 
of citizenship, residence, domicile or incorporation. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax 
assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other charge or withholding of 
a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, please note that a reference 
to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax 
(impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi), as well as personal income tax

--- Page 131 ---
-131- 
 
(impôt sur le revenu) generally. Corporate taxpayers may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as 
other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply 
to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal 
income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well under the Notes. 
Taxation of the Noteholders 
Withholding Tax 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or 
interest made to non-resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg 
withholding tax payable upon disposal, redemption or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident Noteholders. 
Resident Noteholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the amended Luxembourg law of December 23, 2005 
(the “Relibi Law”), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident 
Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident Noteholders. 
Under the Relibi Law, a 20% Luxembourg withholding tax is levied on interest or similar income payments made by 
Luxembourg paying agents to or for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner who is resident in Luxembourg. 
This withholding tax also applies on accrued or capitalised interest received upon disposal, redemption or repurchase of the 
Notes. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course 
of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding tax is assumed by the Luxembourg paying 
agent. 
Further, Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the course of the management of their private wealth, who are the 
beneficial owners of interest or similar income payments made by a paying agent established outside Luxembourg in a 
Member State of the European Union or of the European Economic Area, may opt for a final 20% levy. In such case, the 
20% levy is calculated on the same amounts as for the payments made by Luxembourg paying agents. The option for the 
20% final levy must cover all interest payments made by such foreign paying agents to the Luxembourg resident beneficial 
owner during the entire civil year. Responsibility for the declaration and payment of the 20% levy is assumed by the 
Luxembourg resident individual beneficial owner of the payment. 
Income Tax 
Non-resident Noteholders 
Holders of Notes will not become residents, or be deemed to be residents, in Luxembourg by reason only of the holding of 
the Notes. 
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who do not hold the Notes through a permanent establishment, a 
permanent representative or a fixed base of business in Luxembourg to which or to whom the Notes are attributable, are 
generally not liable to any Luxembourg income tax on payments of principal or interest (accrued or paid), redemption premium 
or issue discounts under the Notes, and gains realised upon redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Notes or the realisation 
of capital gains on the sale or exchange of any Notes. 
A non-resident corporate Noteholder or an individual Noteholder acting in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking, who has a permanent establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or to whom 
such Notes are attributable, must include any interest (accrued or paid), redemption premiums or issue discounts under the 
Notes and gains realised upon the redemption, repurchase, exchange, sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes 
in their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes.

--- Page 132 ---
-132- 
 
Taxable gains are determined as being the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price (including accrued but 
unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed. 
Resident Noteholders 
Noteholders who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on repayment of principal. 
(a) 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders 
A resident individual Noteholder, who acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is subject to personal 
income tax in respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue discounts under the Notes, except if a final 
withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the Relibi Law. A resident individual Noteholder, who 
acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, has further to include the portion of the gain corresponding to 
accrued but unpaid income in respect of the Notes in his/her taxable income, insofar as the accrued but unpaid interest is 
indicated separately in the agreement, except if a final withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with 
the Relibi Law. 
Individual Noteholders resident in Luxembourg and receiving the interest in the course of the management of a professional 
or business undertaking to which the Notes are attributable must, for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes, include 
any interest received (or accrued), as well as any gain realised on the disposal of the Notes, in any form whatsoever, in their 
taxable basis. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance with the Relibi Law will be credited against their final income tax 
liability of the Noteholder. Taxable gains are determined as being the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption 
price (including accrued but unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed. 
Individual Luxembourg resident Noteholders are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Notes owned in the framework of their private wealth, unless the sale or disposal of the Notes precedes 
their acquisition or the Notes are sold or disposed of within six months of their acquisition and the Notes does not constitute 
zero coupon notes.  
(b) 
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders 
A corporate entity (“société de capitaux”), which is a Luxembourg resident Noteholder and which is subject to corporate taxes 
in Luxembourg without the benefit of a special tax regime in Luxembourg or a foreign entity of the same type which has a 
Luxembourg permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or to whom the holding of 
Notes is attributable, must include in its taxable income any interest (including accrued but unpaid interest), redemption 
premium or issue discount and in case of sale, repurchase, redemption or exchange, in any form whatsoever, the difference 
between the sale, repurchase, redemption or exchange price (including accrued but unpaid interest) and the lower of cost or 
book value of the Notes sold, repurchased, redeemed or exchanged. These Noteholders should not be liable for any 
Luxembourg income tax on repayment of principal upon repurchase, redemption or exchange of the Notes. 
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders which benefit from a special tax regime such as family wealth management 
companies subject to the law of May 11, 2007, as amended, undertakings for collective investment subject to the law of 
December 17, 2010, as amended, specialised investment funds subject to the law of February 13, 2007, as amended or reserved 
alternative investment funds treated as a specialised investment fund for Luxembourg tax purposes and subject to the law of 
July 23, 2016, , are exempt from income taxes in Luxembourg and profits derived from the Notes are thus not subject to 
Luxembourg income taxes. 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on the Notes held by a corporate Noteholder, unless: (a) such Noteholder is a 
Luxembourg resident other than a Noteholder governed by (i) the law of December 17, 2010 on undertakings for collective 
investment, as amended, (ii) the law of February 13, 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, (iii) the law of May 
11, 2007 on family wealth management companies, as amended, (iv) the law of July 23, 2016 on reserved alternative 
investment funds, (v) the law of March 22, 2004 on securitisation, as amended, (vi) the law of June 15, 2004 on venture 
capital, as amended; (vii) the law of July 15, 2005 on professional pension institutions or (b) the Notes are attributable to an 
enterprise or part thereof which is carried on in Luxembourg through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative. 
However, (i) a securitisation company subject to the amended law of March 22, 2004, (ii) an opaque venture capital company 
subject to the amended law of June 15, 2004, (iii) a professional pension institution subject to the amended law of July 13,

--- Page 133 ---
-133- 
 
2005, and (iv) an opaque reserved alternative investment fund treated as a venture capital vehicle for Luxembourg tax purposes 
and subject to the amended law of July 23, 2016 remain subject to the minimum net wealth tax. 
Other Taxes 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax or any other similar tax or duty payable in Luxembourg by a Noteholder as a 
consequence of the issuance of the Notes, nor will any of these taxes be payable as a consequence of a subsequent transfer, 
exchange, redemption or repurchase of the Notes. 
However, a fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon the registration of the Notes in Luxembourg in the case 
where the Notes are appended/attached to a public deed or any other document which requires mandatory registration as well 
as in the case of a registration of the Notes on a voluntary basis.  
No Luxembourg inheritance taxes are levied on the transfer of the Notes upon the death of a Noteholder in cases where the 
deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance law purposes. Where the deceased was a resident of Luxembourg 
for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the Notes are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment 
purposes. 
No Luxembourg gift tax will be levied on the transfer of the Notes by way of gift unless the gift is embodied in a Luxembourg 
deed passed in front of a Luxembourg notary or recorded in Luxembourg. 
Italy 
The statements herein regarding Italian taxation summarise the principal Italian tax consequences of the purchase, the 
ownership, the redemption and the disposal of the Notes. They apply to a holder of Notes only if such holder purchases its 
Notes in this offering. It is a general summary that does not apply to certain categories of investors and does not purport to be 
a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of 
the Notes. It does not discuss every aspect of Italian taxation that may be relevant to a holder of Notes if such holder is subject 
to special circumstances or if such holder is subject to special treatment under applicable law. 
This summary also assumes that the Issuer is structured and conducts its business in the manner outlined in this Base 
Prospectus. Changes in the Issuer’s organisational structure, tax residence or the manner in which it conducts its business may 
invalidate this summary. This summary also assumes that each transaction with respect to Notes is at arm’s length. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning to be attributed to 
such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian concepts under Italian tax law. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in the Republic of Italy as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive 
basis. The Issuer will not update this summary to reflect changes in laws and if such a change occurs the information in this 
summary could become invalid. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences 
under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any other potentially 
relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes, including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
Tax Treatment of Interest 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of April 1, 1996 (as amended, “Legislative Decree 239”) provides for the tax treatment applicable 
to interest, premium and other income (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price; such 
interest, premium and other income collectively referred to as “Interest”) arising from notes falling within the category of 
bonds (obbligazioni) or bond-like securities (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by non-resident companies, 
such as the Notes, provided that these securities are deposited with banks, qualified financial intermediaries (SIMs), fiduciary 
companies, asset management companies (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance (each, an “Intermediary”). An Intermediary must (i) be resident in Italy, be the Italian permanent 
establishment of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary or be an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through 
a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of Italian Ministry

--- Page 134 ---
-134- 
 
of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Legislative Decree 239 and (ii) intervene, in any 
way, in the collection of interest accrued on, or in the transfer of, the Notes. For the purpose of Legislative Decree 239, a 
transfer of notes includes any assignment or transfer, made either with or without consideration, which results in a change of 
the ownership of the relevant notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the notes are deposited. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident beneficial owner of the Interest payments under the Notes is (i) an individual not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-business partnership, (iii) a non-business private or public 
institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income tax, any Interest derived from the Notes, and accrued 
during the relevant holding period is subject to a tax withheld at source (imposta sostitutiva) levied at the rate of 26 percent. 
(either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale of the Notes), unless the relevant 
holder of the Notes has entrusted the management of his financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary 
and has opted for the application of the discretionary investment portfolio regime (see under section “Tax Treatment of Capital 
Gains” below). 
In case the Italian resident Noteholders falling under (i) or (iii), above, are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional income tax. Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial 
owner’s Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be 
recovered as a deduction from Italian income tax due. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes 
might be exempt from any income taxation (including from the 26 percent imposta sostitutiva) if the Noteholders are Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 
of June 30, 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of February 10, 1996 and the Notes are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements set forth under Italian tax 
law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar business entity, Interest would not be subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva, but currently included in the Noteholder’s overall year-end income as accrued and is therefore subject to corporate 
income tax (“IRES”), and, in addition, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, to a regional tax 
on productive activities (“IRAP”). 
Under Law Decree No. 351 of September 25, 2001 (“Decree 351”), converted into law with amendments by Law No. 410 of 
November 23, 2001, Article 32 of Law Decree No. 78 of May 31, 2010, converted into law with amendments by Law No. 
122 of July 30, 2010, and Article 2(1)(c) of Legislative Decree 239, payments of Interest deriving from the Notes to Italian 
resident real estate investment funds are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the 
Italian real estate fund, provided that the Notes, together with the relevant coupons, are timely deposited with an authorised 
intermediary. However, a withholding tax or a substitute tax at the rate of 26 percent will generally apply to income realised 
by unitholders or shareholders in the event of distributions, redemption or sale of the units or shares. 
Subject to certain conditions, income realised by Italian real estate investment funds is attributed pro rata to the Italian resident 
unitholders or shareholders (other than institutional investors) irrespective of any actual distribution on a tax transparency 
basis. 
Under Article 9 of Legislative Decree No. 44 of March 4, 2014 (“Decree 44”), the above regime applies also to Interest 
payments made to closed-ended real estate investment companies (società di investimento a capitale fisso immobiliari, or 
“Real Estate SICAFs”) which meet the requirements expressly provided by applicable law. 
If an Italian resident Noteholder is an open-ended or a closed-ended collective investment fund (“Fund”), a closed-ended 
investment company (società di investimento a capitale fisso, or “SICAF”), other than a Real Estate SICAF, or an open-ended 
investment company (società di investimento a capitale variabile, or “SICAV”) established in Italy and either (i) the Fund, 
the SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to supervision by the competent regulatory authority and the Notes 
are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the Notes will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva. Interest must, however, be included in the management results of the Fund, the SICAF or the SICAV 
accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund, the SICAF or the SICAV will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but a 
withholding tax of 26 percent will be levied, in certain circumstances, on proceeds distributed in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders by the Fund, the SICAF or the SICAV.

--- Page 135 ---
-135- 
 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of Legislative Decree 
No. 252 of December 5, 2005, Interest accrued during the holding period and deriving from Notes deposited with an authorised 
intermediary is not subject to the imposta sostitutiva but is included in the year-end result of the pension fund’s relevant 
portfolio, which is subject to a substitute tax currently levied at a rate of 20 percent. Subject to certain conditions (including 
minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes might be excluded from the taxable base 
of the 20 percent substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax law, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time. 
The imposta sostitutiva is levied by the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited that intervenes in the collection of 
the Interest. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any entity paying 
the Interest to a Noteholder. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
No Italian tax is applicable to payments of Interest made to a non-Italian resident Noteholder that does not have a permanent 
establishment in Italy through which the Notes are held, provided that such Noteholder makes a statement to that effect, if and 
when required according to the applicable Italian tax laws and regulations. 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
There is no authority directly addressing the Italian tax regime of payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee. 
According to one interpretation of Italian tax law, payments in lieu of interest made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
may be subject to the same regime described above in “Tax Treatment of Interest.” 
According to another interpretation of Italian tax law, any payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee to such 
Noteholders may be subject to Italian taxation (triggering a 26 percent withholding tax in limited circumstances), depending 
on “status” of the relevant Noteholder. 
No Italian taxation would apply with respect to payments made to a non-Italian resident Noteholder that does not have a 
permanent establishment in Italy through which the Notes are held. 
Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of any such withholding, including 
the potential availability of foreign tax credits or deductions for such withholding. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or bond-like 
securities (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 percent by the Italian 
resident intermediaries that intervene in the collection of the interest payments. For these purposes, under Article 44(2)(c) of 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of December 22, 1986, bonds and bond-like securities (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are 
securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation for the issuer to pay, at maturity (or at any earlier full redemption of 
the securities), an amount not lower than their nominal/par value/principal and that do not grant the holder any direct or 
indirect right of participation in (or control on) the management of the issuer or of the business in connection with which these 
securities are issued. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals not acting 
in connection with an entrepreneurial activity and social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of June 30, 
1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of February 10, 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the 
withholding tax on Interest relating to the Notes that are classified as atypical securities, if the Notes are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under 
Italian tax law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
If the Notes are issued by a non-Italian resident issuer, no withholding tax applies to interest payments made to (a) non-Italian 
resident Noteholders and (b) Italian resident Noteholders that are (i) companies or similar business entities (including Italian

--- Page 136 ---
-136- 
 
permanent establishments of non-resident entities), (ii) business partnerships or (iii) private or public business institutions. 
These Italian resident Noteholders will have to include the interest in their overall year-end income and subject it to relevant 
income tax rates and also, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, to IRAP. 
Tax Treatment of Capital Gains 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes is currently included in the overall taxable income of an Italian 
company or a similar business entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of non-resident entities to which the Notes 
are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. As such, 
it is subject to corporate or personal income tax, as the case may be, at the relevant rates. In addition, in certain circumstances, 
depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, it may also be subject to IRAP. 
Capital gains arising from the sale or redemption of the Notes realised by an Italian resident Noteholder who is: (i) an 
individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-business partnership, (iii) a 
non-business private or public entity are subject to a capital gains tax (“CGT”), levied at the rate of 26 percent, pursuant to 
one of the following regimes: 
(i) 
under the tax return regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian resident 
Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, the CGT is chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net 
of any incurred capital loss, realised by any such Noteholder on all sales or redemptions of the Notes 
occurring in any given tax year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward and offset 
against capital gains realised in any of the four following years. Capital gains, net of any relevant incurred 
deductible capital loss, must be reported in the year-end tax return and the tax must be paid on the capital 
gain together with any income tax due for the relevant tax year; or 
(ii) 
under the non-discretionary portfolio regime (regime del risparmio amministrato), the Noteholder may elect 
to pay the CGT separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes. This separate 
taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (x) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or 
certain authorised financial intermediaries and (y) the Noteholder making a timely election in writing for 
the regime del risparmio amministrato, addressed to any such intermediary. The depositary is then 
responsible for accounting for the tax in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the 
Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred 
capital loss, withholding and remitting it to the Italian tax authorities the tax due. Capital losses in excess of 
capital gains realised within the depository relationship may be carried forward and offset against capital 
gains realised in any of the four following years; or 
(iii) 
under the discretionary portfolio regime (regime del risparmio gestito), eligible when the Notes are included 
in a portfolio discretionarily managed by an authorised intermediary, the CGT is paid on the increase in 
value of the overall investment portfolio of the Noteholder managed by such intermediary accrued in any 
given year (including the gains realised on the sale or redemption of the Notes). The CGT is paid by the 
authorised intermediary. Any decrease in value of the investment portfolio accrued at year-end may be 
carried forward and netted against the increases in value accrued in any of the four following years. The 
Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.  
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Notes 
might be exempt from any income taxation (including from the CGT) if the Noteholders are Italian resident individuals not 
engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of June 30, 1994 and 
Legislative Decree No. 103 of February 10, 1996 and the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets all the requirements set forth under Italian tax law, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is an Italian real estate investment fund or an Italian Real Estate SICAF to 
which the provisions of Decree 351 or Decree 44 apply will be subject neither to CGT nor to any other income tax at the level 
of the real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF (see “Tax Treatment of Interest”). However a withholding tax at 
the rate of 26 percent may apply to income realised by unitholders/shareholders in the event of distributions, redemption or 
sale of units/shares.

--- Page 137 ---
-137- 
 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund, a SICAF or a SICAV will not be subject to CGT but will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the relevant tax year. Such result will not be taxed at the 
level of the Fund, the SICAF or the SICAV, but income realised by the unitholders or shareholders in case of distributions, 
redemption or sale of the units/shares may be subject to a withholding tax of 26 percent (see “Tax Treatment of Interest”). 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 2005) is included in the balance of the fund’s relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax 
period, to be subject to the 20 percent substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period 
requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes might be excluded from the taxable 
base of the 20 percent substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian law, as amended and supplemented from time 
to time. 
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of the Notes are not subject to Italian 
taxation, provided that the Notes are held outside Italy. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets in Italy or abroad are neither subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other Italian income tax (subject to timely filling of required documentation (in particular, a 
self-declaration stating that the Noteholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or 
permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the Notes are deposited), even if the Notes are held 
in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any applicable double tax treaty. Italian tax authorities have clarified that 
the notion of multilateral trading facility (MTF) under EU Directive 2014/65/EU (so called MiFID II) can be assimilated to 
that of “regulated market” for income tax purposes; conversely, organized trading facilities (OTF), not falling in the definition 
of MTF under MiFID II, cannot be assimilated to “regulated market” for Italian income tax purposes.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of the Notes not traded on regulated markets and held in Italy are not 
subject to imposta sostitutiva provided that the Noteholder (i) qualifies as the beneficial owner of the capital gain and is 
resident for income tax purposes in a country included in the White List; or (ii) is an international entity or body set up in 
accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy; or (iii) is a central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the 
official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) is an institutional investor which is incorporated in a country included in the White 
List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of incorporation, in any case, to the extent all the 
requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended, 
in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time, if applicable. In this 
case, if the non-Italian Noteholders have opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or the risparmio gestito regime, 
exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in due course with the authorised financial 
intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirements indicated above. 
If none of the conditions described above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or 
redemption of the Notes not traded on regulated markets and held in Italy are subject to imposta sostitutiva at the current rate 
of 26 percent. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected that may benefit from a double tax treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale 
or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes provided all the conditions for its 
application are met. In this case, if the non-Italian resident Noteholders have opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or 
the risparmio gestito regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon the condition that they file in due course 
with the authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a statement issued by the 
competent tax authorities of the country of residence of the non-Italian Noteholders.

--- Page 138 ---
-138- 
 
Inheritance and Gift Taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of October 3, 2006, as converted in law, with amendments, pursuant to Law No. 286 of 
November 24, 2006, a transfer of the Notes by reason of death or gift is subject to an inheritance and gift tax levied on the 
value of the inheritance or gift, as follows: 
 
Transfers to a spouse or direct descendants or relatives in direct line up to €1,000,000 to each beneficiary 
are exempt from inheritance and gift tax. Transfers in excess of such threshold will be taxed at a 4 percent 
rate on the value of the Notes exceeding such threshold; 
 
Transfers between relatives up to the fourth degree other than siblings, and direct or indirect relatives by 
affinity up to the third degree are taxed at a rate of 6 percent on the value of the Notes (where transfers 
between siblings up to a maximum value of €100,000 for each beneficiary are exempt from inheritance and 
gift tax); and 
 
Transfers by reason of gift or death of Notes to persons other than those described above will be taxed at a 
rate of 8 percent on the value of the Notes. 
If the beneficiary of any such transfer is a disabled individual, whose handicap is recognised pursuant to Law No. 104 of 
February 5, 1992, the tax is applied only on the value of the assets (including the Notes) received in excess of €1,500,000 at 
the rates illustrated above, depending on the type of relationship existing between the deceased or donor and the beneficiary. 
Stamp Duty on the Notes 
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the Tariff (tariffa) attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of October 26, 1972 (“Decree 
642”), regulating the Italian stamp duty, a proportional stamp duty applies on the periodic reporting communications sent by 
Italian-based financial intermediaries to their clients with respect to any financial products (including the Notes). The stamp 
duty does not apply to the communications sent or received by pension funds and health funds. 
Such stamp duty is generally levied by the above-mentioned financial intermediaries, and computed on the fair market value 
of the financial instruments or, in case the fair market value cannot be determined, on their face or redemption values (or 
purchase cost) at a rate of 0.2 percent with a cap of €14,000 per year for clients other than individuals. The stamp duty is 
levied on an annual basis. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is pro-rated. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for which it is not mandatory 
the deposit, the release or the drafting of the statement. Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian 
Ministry of Economy on May 24, 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on July 29, 2009, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an entity that exercises 
a banking, financial or insurance activity in any form within the Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on Financial Products Held Abroad 
Under Article 19(18-23) of Law Decree No. 201 of December 6, 2011, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities 
and certain partnerships (società semplici) or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986) resident for tax purposes in Italy, which hold financial products – including the Notes – outside Italy are 
required to pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 percent. (“IVAFE”). For taxpayers other than individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed 
Euro 14,000 per year. 
This tax is calculated on the fair market value (or, in case the fair market value cannot be determined, on their face or 
redemption values, or purchase cost) of any financial product (including bonds such as the Notes) held abroad by Italian 
resident individuals. A tax credit is generally granted for any foreign wealth tax levied abroad on such financial products (up 
to the amount of the Italian wealth tax due).

--- Page 139 ---
-139- 
 
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by Italian financial 
intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 
13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 does apply. 
Transfer Tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to registration tax as follows: (a) public deeds and notarised deeds 
(atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) are subject to a fixed registration tax of €200; (b) private deeds (scritture private 
non autenticate) are subject to registration tax only in case of voluntary registration, explicit reference (enunciazione) or case 
of use (caso d'uso). 
Certain Reporting Obligations for Italian Resident Noteholders 
Under Law Decree No. 167 of June 28, 1990, as subsequently amended and supplemented, individuals, non-commercial 
entities and certain partnerships (società semplici) or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917 of 
22 December 1986) that are resident in Italy and, during the fiscal year, hold investments abroad or have financial assets 
abroad (including possibly the Notes) must, in certain circumstances, disclose these investments or financial assets to the 
Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be 
filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return), regardless of the value of such assets (save for deposits or 
bank accounts having an aggregate value not exceeding € 15,000 threshold throughout the year, which per se do not require 
such disclosure). The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial assets, are 
the actual economic owners thereof. 
No disclosure requirements exist for investments and financial assets (including the Notes) under management or 
administration entrusted to Italian resident intermediaries (Italian banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies or other professional 
intermediaries, indicated in Article 1 of Decree No. 167 of June 28, 1990) and for contracts concluded through their 
intervention, provided that the cash flows and the income derived from such activities and contracts have been subjected to 
Italian withholding or substitute tax by such intermediaries.

--- Page 140 ---
-140- 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (the “Programme Agreement”) dated March 15, 2022 
agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes and resell such Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, each of the Issuers (failing which the Guarantor) has agreed to 
reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by 
them in connection therewith. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations under the Programme Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of Notes. 
United States 
The Notes and any Guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities law 
of any U.S. state, or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons unless the Notes are registered under the Securities Act or are sold pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes are being 
offered and sold to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. Unless otherwise indicated herein, 
terms used in this section that are defined in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its 
possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether 
TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules (each as defined under “Form of the Notes”) apply (including any relevant selling 
restrictions) or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and undertake, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes (i) as part of its distribution at any 
time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes 
are a part or (iii) in the event of a distribution of a Tranche that is fungible therewith, until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of such fungible Tranche, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each 
distributor, dealer or other person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration to which it sells any Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them in Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and

--- Page 141 ---
-141- 
 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in 
relation to each member state of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Relevant State: 
(i) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in subparagraphs (i) to (iii) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
The European Economic Area selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out below. 
Canada  
The Notes will not be qualified for sale under the securities laws of any province or territory of Canada. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered, sold or distributed, and that it will not offer, sell or distribute any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or 
to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Canada, other than in compliance with the applicable securities laws thereof. Each 
Dealer has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not and will not distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus or any other offering material in connection 
with any offering of Notes in Canada other than in compliance with the applicable securities laws. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed 
in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and any applicable provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24, 1998 (as amended, the 
“Financial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or  
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of May 14, 1999, as amended 
from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the 
Notes in the Republic of Italy under subparagraph (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of

--- Page 142 ---
-142- 
 
February 15, 2018, as amended from time to time, and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993 
(as amended, the “Banking Act”); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of 
Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act 
and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian 
authority. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 143 ---
-143- 
 
 
Other Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their business 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 ( “FSMA”) by the relevant Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor; and  
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA, with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Netherlands  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form may only be transferred and 
accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either such Issuer or a member 
of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of May 
21, 1985 (as amended) and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements).  
Such restrictions do not apply: 
(a) 
to the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes to the first holders thereof; or 
(b) 
to a transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the 
conduct of a business or profession; or 
(c) 
to the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form within, from or into the 
Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes of any particular Series or tranche are issued outside the Netherlands 
and are not distributed within the Netherlands in the course of their initial distribution or immediately 
thereafter. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, “Zero Coupon Notes” are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the relevant Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest is 
due whatsoever. 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not Applicable” in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as 
a consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (wetboek 
van economisch recht/code de droit économique), as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not

--- Page 144 ---
-144- 
 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 
of 1948 (as amended, the “FIEA”)) and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly 
or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan in effect at the relevant time. As used in this paragraph, “resident of Japan” means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that: (i) it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes other than (a) to “professional 
investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (“SFO”) and any rules made under 
the SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and (ii) it has not issued or had in its possession for 
the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, 
any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than 
with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional 
investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the 
PRC (for such purposes, not including Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan), except as permitted by the applicable laws of the PRC. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, 
that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of 
the SFA; 
(ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:

--- Page 145 ---
-145- 
 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the 
beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(A) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(B) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(C) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(D) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(E) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, each of the Issuers has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as 
defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAAN16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under the Swiss 
Financial Services Act ("FinSA") as long as such offering is made to professional clients within the meaning of the FinSA 
only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) or more and 
the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may 
be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will (to the 
best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the 
Issuers, the Guarantor nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 146 ---
-146- 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue and guarantee of Notes, as the case may be, have been duly authorised by the 
resolutions of the board of directors of Stellantis N.V. dated March 2, 2021 and by the resolutions of board of managers of 
Fiat Chrysler Finance Luxembourg, a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) acting as sole 
manager of FCFE dated March 11, 2022. The Guarantee has been given pursuant to Article 3 of the Guarantor’s articles of 
association. 
Listing of Notes on Euronext Dublin 
The Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as 
an endorsement of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state 
of the European Economic Area. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes issued under the Programme 
during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its 
regulated market. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin or any other stock 
exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in relation to the Notes and is 
not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents may be physically inspected at the offices of the Paying Agent in Ireland for the life of the 
Base Prospectus and are available at the following website https://www.stellantis.com/en/investors/bond-info: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (in the case of FCFE, with an English translation thereof) of each of Stellantis N.V. and 
FCFE and the articles of association (with an English translation thereof) of Stellantis N.V.; 
(ii) 
the audited non-consolidated financial statements of FCFE in respect of the financial years ended December 31, 2021 
and 2020 (with an English translation thereof) (including the reports of the independent auditors in respect thereof), 
the FCA 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements, the PSA 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements and the Stellantis 
2021 Consolidated Financial Statements (including, in each case, the reports of the auditors in respect thereof); 
(iii) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated basis in the case 
of FCFE and on a consolidated basis in the case of the Guarantor) and the most recently published unaudited interim 
financial statements (if any) of the Issuer and the Guarantor (in the case of FCFE, with an English translation thereof); 
(iv) 
the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive 
form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(v) 
a copy of the Base Prospectus; and 
(vi) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements to the Base Prospectus and any other documents 
incorporated herein or therein by reference, including Final Terms (save for Final Terms relating to unlisted Notes, 
which will only be available for inspection by holders of the relevant Notes upon the production of evidence satisfactory 
to the relevant Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity).

--- Page 147 ---
-147- 
 
Clearing Systems 
Notes, other than CMU Notes, have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
CMU Notes have been accepted for clearance through the CMU Service. The appropriate CMU instrument number for each 
Tranche of CMU Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42, Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg. The address of CMU Service is 55th Floor, Two International Finance Centre, 8 Finance Street, Central, Hong 
Kong. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer and each relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of any of Stellantis N.V. or the 
Company, including FCFE, since December 31, 2021, and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuers or the Guarantor since December 31, 2021. 
Litigation 
Except as disclosed under the section entitled “Legal Proceedings” contained in the Stellantis 2021 Annual Report, Note 26 
“Guarantees granted, commitments and contingent liabilities” within the Stellantis 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, 
incorporated by reference herein, none of the Issuers nor the Guarantor nor any other member of the Company is or has been 
involved in any legal, governmental or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which the Issuers or the Guarantor are aware) which is reasonably likely to have or have had in the 12 months preceding 
the date of this document a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the 
Company. 
Material Contracts 
Except for the Combination Agreement, none of the Issuers nor the Guarantor nor any other member of the Company has, in 
the last two years up to the date of this Base Prospectus, entered into any material contract outside of the context of the main 
business of the Company that may have a material impact to the ability of Company to meet its obligations in respect of the 
Notes. 
Independent Auditors 
The independent auditors of the Company, with respect to the Stellantis 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements are Ernst & 
Young Accountants LLP, with its registered office at Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ Rotterdam, the Netherlands. The 
“Registeraccountants” of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP are members of the NBA (Koninklijke Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants – the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants), which is the Dutch member 
of the International Federation of Accountants. Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is a registered audit firm holding a permit 
issued by the AFM as competent authority for public oversight of approved statutory auditors and audit firms in the 
Netherlands. 
The independent auditors with respect to the FCA 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements were Ernst & Young Accountants 
LLP, with its registered office at Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ Rotterdam, the Netherlands. The “Registeraccountants” of Ernst & 
Young Accountants LLP are members of the NBA (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants – the Royal 
Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants), which is the Dutch member of the International Federation of Accountants.

--- Page 148 ---
-148- 
 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP is a registered audit firm holding a permit issued by the AFM as competent authority for 
public oversight of approved statutory auditors and audit firms in the Netherlands. 
The independent auditors with respect to the PSA 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements were Ernst & Young et Autres and 
Mazars. Ernst & Young et Autres and Mazars were the independent registered public accountants of PSA prior to 
consummation of the merger. Following consummation of the merger on January 17, 2021, the Board of Directors took note 
that as a result of the merger, the appointment of Mazars and Ernst & Young et Autres as the independent registered public 
accounting firms of PSA ended as of effective time of the merger. However, on January 17, 2021 Stellantis’ Board of Directors 
approved the extension of Ernst & Young et Autres and Mazars engagement as independent registered public accountants to 
continue rendering audit services in connection with the PSA 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements. Ernst & Young et 
Autres, 1/2 Place des Saisons, 92400 Courbevoie, Paris La Défense 1, and Mazars, Tour Exaltis 61 rue Henri Regnault, 92400 
Courbevoie (both entities duly authorised as Commissaires aux Comptes and are members of the compagnie régionale des 
commissaires aux comptes de Versailles et du Centre) have audited and rendered audit reports as independent auditors on the 
PSA 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The independent auditors of FCFE are Ernst &Young S.A., 35E avenue John F. Kennedy, Luxembourg, L-1855, Grand-
Duchy of Luxembourg. Ernst & Young S.A. audited the stand-alone accounts of FCFE as of and for the years ended December 
31, 2021 and 2020, which are presented in accordance with Luxembourg GAAP, and issued audit reports thereon without 
qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing as adopted for Luxembourg by the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financer (“CSSF”). Ernst & Young S.A. is a member of the institute of registered auditors (Institut 
des Réviseurs d’Entreprises) which is the Luxembourg member of the International Federation of Accountants and is 
registered in the public register of approved audit firms held by the CSSF as competent authority for public oversight of 
approved statutory auditors and audit firms. 
Dealers Transacting with any of the Issuers and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuers, the Guarantor and their affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes 
issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantor or their affiliates, and investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array 
of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities 
may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Issuers’ affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers and the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to such 
entities consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For 
the purposes of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also parent companies.

--- Page 149 ---
-149- 
 
CORPORATE OFFICE OF THE ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
Stellantis N.V. 
Taurusavenue 1 
2132LS Hoofddorp 
The Netherlands 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Fiat Chrysler Finance Europe société en nom collectif 
412F, Route d’Esch, L-2086 Luxembourg 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 
acting through its Dutch Branch at  
Taurusavenue 1,  
2132LS Hoofddorp,  
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
CMU LODGING AND PAYING AGENT 
Citicorp International Limited 
9/F Citi Tower 
One Bay East 
83 Hoi Bun Road 
Kwun Tong 
Kowloon 
Hong Kong 
 
OTHER PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To Stellantis as to English law  
White & Case LLP 
19, Place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France 
 
To FCFE as 
to Luxembourg law 
Arendt & Medernach SA 
41A, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-2082 Luxembourg 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 150 ---
-150- 
 
To Stellantis as to Dutch law 
De Brauw Blackstone Westbroek N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 80 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Allen & Overy 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
 
 
 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ 
Rotterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
ARRANGERS 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, Boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Edificio ASIA, Calle Sauceda, 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Bradesco BBI S.A.  
Av Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, n.º 1309 
10th floor 
São Paulo, SP, 04543-011 
Brasil 
 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, Boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 151 ---
-151- 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraβe 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6, Avenue de Provence 
75009 Paris 
France 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain  
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr.11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London 
EC2N 4AA 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH 
Neue Mainzer Str. 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany  
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited  
5th Floor, The Exchange 
George’s Dock 
IFSC 
Dublin 1 
D01 W3P9 
Ireland

--- Page 152 ---
-152-