--- Page 1 ---
- i - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following disclaimer before continuing. The following disclaimer 
applies to the attached base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") following this notice, and you are therefore 
advised to read this disclaimer carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the attached 
Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and 
conditions, including any modifications to them from time to time, each time you receive any information 
from the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers (each as defined in the Base Prospectus) as a result of such 
access.  
Confirmation of Your Representation: By accessing the Base Prospectus you have confirmed to the 
Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers that (i) you understand and agree to the terms set out herein, (ii) you 
are either (a) a person who is outside the United States and that the electronic mail address you have given 
is not located in the United States, its territories and possessions, or (b) a person that is a Qualified 
Institutional Buyer (a "QIB") within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), (iii) you consent to delivery by electronic transmission, (iv) you will not 
transmit the attached Base Prospectus (or any copy of it or part thereof) or disclose, whether orally or in 
writing, any of its contents to any other person except with the consent of the Arranger and the Dealers, 
and (v) you acknowledge that you will make your own assessment regarding any legal, taxation or other 
economic considerations with respect to your decision to subscribe for or purchase any of the Notes. 
You are reminded that the Base Prospectus has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into 
whose possession the Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not, nor are you authorised to, deliver the Base 
Prospectus, electronically or otherwise, to any other person and in particular to any U.S. person or to any 
U.S. address. Failure to comply with this directive may result in a violation of the Securities Act or the 
applicable laws of other jurisdictions. 
Restrictions: THE FOLLOWING ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR 
DISTRIBUTED OTHER THAN AS PROVIDED BELOW AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN 
ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. THIS DOCUMENT MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND TO QIBS 
PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144A"). ANY FORWARDING, 
DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS 
UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A 
VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER 
JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS DOCUMENT CONTRARY TO ANY 
OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE 
TO PURCHASE ANY NOTES DESCRIBED THEREIN. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION. ANY NOTES 
TO BE ISSUED HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S OR RULE 144A. 
Under no circumstances shall the Base Prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer 
to buy nor shall there be any sale of the Notes in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale 
would be unlawful. 
The Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation 
in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that an offering 
of securities described herein be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Arranger or a Dealer or any 
affiliate of the Arranger or applicable Dealer is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering 
shall be deemed to be made by the Arranger or such Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer or 
holders of the applicable securities in such jurisdiction. 
The Base Prospectus has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently none of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers, any person who controls any of the Issuer, the

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
 
Arranger or the Dealers, any director, officer, employee or agent of any of them, or any affiliate of any such 
person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the Base 
Prospectus distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request 
from any of the Arranger or the Dealers. Please ensure that your copy is complete. You are responsible for 
protecting against viruses and other destructive items. Your use of this document is at your own risk, and 
it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of a 
destructive nature.

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
GOVERNMENT OF THE EMIRATE OF SHARJAH 
ACTING THROUGH THE SHARJAH FINANCE DEPARTMENT 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Global Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah acting through the Sharjah Finance 
Department (the "Issuer") may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes"). The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis 
to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer", and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific Tranche (as defined under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes") of Notes or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CBI only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Application 
has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for the Notes issued under the Programme during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and to trading on its 
regulated market (the "Regulated Market"). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"). Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to 
be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). The Issuer is an "Exempt Offeror" for the purposes of Article 
13(1) of the Markets Law, Dubai International Financial Centre Law No. 1 of 2012 (the "Markets Law 2012") of the Dubai Financial Services Authority 
(the "DFSA"). Accordingly, this Base Prospectus has not been approved by the DFSA for the purposes of Articles 14 and 15 of the Markets Law 2012. 
Application has been made to the DFSA for the Notes to be issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of securities maintained by the 
DFSA (the "DFSA Official List") and to Nasdaq Dubai for admission to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being 
"listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been (a) admitted to the Official List and the DFSA Official List, (b) admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market and on Nasdaq Dubai and/or (c) another MiFID II regulated market as may be specified in the applicable final terms 
relating to the relevant Tranche (the "applicable Final Terms" or "Final Terms"). The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). However, 
unlisted Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. The Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such 
Notes will be (a) listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market and/or (b) listed on the DFSA Official List and admitted to 
trading on Nasdaq Dubai (or any other stock exchange). This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 
months from its date. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold in the United States unless pursuant to an exemption from, or a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and such offer or sale is made in accordance with all applicable securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States in offshore transactions to 
persons that are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the Securities Act and within the United States only to persons who 
are "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") in reliance on Rule 144A ("Rule 144A") under the Securities Act. See "Form of the Notes" for a description 
of the manner in which Notes will be issued. Registered Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, and sales of such Registered Notes may be 
made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A, see "Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The Programme has been rated BBB- and A-3 by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and Baa3 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. 
("Moody's"). Sharjah has been assigned a long- and short-term foreign and local currency sovereign credit rating of BBB- and A-3, respectively, by S&P 
with a stable outlook and a long-term issuer rating of Baa3 by Moody's with a negative outlook. S&P is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). The ratings assigned by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited, which is established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Moody's is not established 
in the EEA and has not applied for registration under the CRA Regulation. The ratings assigned by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody's Investors 
Service Cyprus Limited, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation and Moody's Investors Service Limited, which is 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, S&P and Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Limited are 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and 
Moody's Investors Service Limited appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 
Authority's (the "FCA") Financial Services Register. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. 
 
Arranger 
 
 
HSBC 
 
 
Dealers 
 
Citigroup 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Standard Chartered Bank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 15 July 2021.

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and, in relation 
to any Tranche of Notes, should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. The 
information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers do not form part of this Base Prospectus 
and have not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
This Base Prospectus must be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the specified office set out below of the Principal Paying 
Agent (as defined below) save that, if the relevant Notes are either (A) not listed on the Official List and 
neither admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or any other regulated market in the EEA nor offered 
in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
(B) not listed on the DFSA Official List and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai, the applicable Final 
Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Principal Paying Agent as to its 
holding of such Notes and its identity. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers (each as specified under "Overview of the Programme") or the Agents 
(as defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") or their respective affiliates have independently 
verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, none of the Arranger, the Dealers or the Agents or 
their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility or liability for and makes no representation, warranty 
or undertaking, express or implied, as to (i) the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, (ii) any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person 
in connection with this Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of the Notes or (iii) any other information 
provided in connection with the Issuer, the Programme, any Notes issued thereunder or their distribution. 
Each Arranger, Dealer, Agent, and their respective affiliates accordingly disclaims all and any liability 
whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, the Notes 
or their distribution. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Arranger, the Dealers or the Agents. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Arranger, the Dealers or the Agents or any of their affiliates 
that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus, make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer and its purchase of any Notes should be based upon such investigation as it 
deems necessary. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any 
of the Arranger, the Dealers or the Agents or any of their affiliates to any person to subscribe for or to 
purchase any Notes. None of the Arranger, the Dealers or the Agents undertakes to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of 
any of the Arranger, the Dealers or the Agents. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. Without

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
 
limitation, the Arranger, the Dealers and the Agents expressly do not undertake to review the economic 
condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued 
under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Agents and their affiliates do not represent that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Agents or any of their 
affiliates which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes 
may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, the EEA, the 
Kingdom of Bahrain, the Sultanate of Oman, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, State of Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre), the UAE (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre (the "DIFC")), the 
DIFC, the State of Kuwait, Hong Kong, Singapore and Malaysia (and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes) (see "Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions"). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that any offer of Notes to the public in any member state 
of the EEA (each, a "Member State") must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation for such offers of Notes. 
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes to the public in that Member State 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or 
any of their affiliates to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any of their affiliates have authorised, nor do 
they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
No comment is made or advice given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or the Agents in respect of 
taxation matters relating to any Notes or the legality of the purchase of Notes by an investor under 
applicable or similar laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an 
investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
Prospective purchasers must comply with all laws that apply to them in any place in which they buy, offer 
or sell any Notes or possess this Base Prospectus. Any consents or approvals that are needed in order to 
purchase any Notes must be obtained prior to the deadline specified for any such consent or approval. The 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Agents and their respective affiliates are not responsible for 
compliance with these legal requirements. The appropriate characterisation of the Notes under various legal 
investment restrictions, and thus the ability of investors subject to these restrictions to purchase any Notes, 
is subject to significant interpretative uncertainties. 
EACH INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT WITH ITS OWN ADVISERS AS TO THE LEGAL, TAX, 
BUSINESS, FINANCIAL AND RELATED ASPECTS OF THE PURCHASE OF ANY NOTES. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to QIBs (as 
defined under "Form of the Notes") for informational use solely in connection with the consideration

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
 
of the purchase of certain Notes issued under the Programme. Its use for any other purpose in the 
United States is not authorised. This Base Prospectus may not be copied or reproduced in whole or 
in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective 
investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder. 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in transactions exempt 
from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on, and in accordance with, Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act (Rule 144A) or any other applicable exemption. Each U.S. purchaser of Registered 
Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered Notes to it may be being made in 
reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144A. 
Each purchaser or holder of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note or any Notes issued in 
registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together Legended Notes) will be deemed, by its 
acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and 
agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in "Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them in "Form of the Notes". 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR 
ANY OTHER SECURITIES COMMISSION OR OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY IN THE 
UNITED STATES, NOR HAVE THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES APPROVED THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS OR CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF 
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION 
TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer 
The Issuer is a foreign sovereign state outside the United States and the United Kingdom, and a substantial 
portion of the assets of the Issuer are located outside the United States and the United Kingdom. As a result, 
it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States and/or the United 
Kingdom upon the Issuer or to enforce against it in the United States courts or English courts judgments 
obtained in United States courts or English courts, respectively, including judgments predicated upon the 
civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or the securities laws of any state or 
territory within the United States. The Notes are governed by English law and disputes in respect of the 
Notes may be settled under the Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration in 
London, England. In addition, actions in respect of the Notes may be brought in the English courts. 
A substantial part of the Issuer's assets are located in the Emirate of Sharjah. In the absence of any bilateral 
treaty for the reciprocal enforcement of foreign judgments, the Sharjah courts are unlikely to enforce a 
judgment obtained in United States courts or English courts without re-examining the merits of the claim 
and may not observe the choice by the parties of English law as the governing law of the Notes. Investors 
may have difficulties in enforcing any United States or English judgments or arbitration awards against the 
Issuer in the courts of Sharjah. These factors create greater judicial uncertainty than would be expected in 
certain other jurisdictions. See "Risk Factors— Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes Issued under the Programme—Risks relating to enforcement". 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain ("Bahrain"), Notes issued in connection with this Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing 
accountholders and accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the "CBB") in Bahrain

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
 
 
where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent amount in 
any other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in Bahrain pursuant to the terms of Article 
(81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This Base 
Prospectus and any related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus 
with the CBB. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be used in 
connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase securities, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in Bahrain, other than to accredited investors for an offer outside Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents and 
it has not in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be offered for investment, whether in or outside 
Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the statements 
and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any 
loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the content of this Base Prospectus. No 
offer of Notes will be made to the public in Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee 
only and must not be issued, passed to, or made available to the public generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF OMAN 
The information contained in this Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in Oman as 
contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74, as amended) (the 
"Commercial Companies Law") or Article 3 of the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98, 
as amended) nor does it constitute a sukuk offering pursuant to the Sukuk Regulation issued by the Oman 
Capital Market Authority (CMA Decision 3/2016). This Base Prospectus will only be made available to 
investors in Oman in accordance with Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the Capital Market Law 
(CMA Decision 1/2009, as amended) (the "Executive Regulations") by an entity duly licensed by the 
Oman Capital Market Authority to market non- Omani securities in Oman. 
This Base Prospectus has not been (and will not be) filed with the Oman Capital Market Authority (except 
in accordance with Article 139 of the Executive Regulations), the Central Bank of Oman or any other 
regulatory authority in Oman and neither the Oman Capital Market Authority nor the Central Bank of Oman 
assumes responsibility for the accuracy and adequacy of the statements and information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and shall not have any liability to any person for damage or loss resulting from reliance 
on any statements or information contained herein. 
KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the "Capital Market Authority"). 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representations as to the accuracy or completeness of this 
Base Prospectus, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Notes issued under the 
Programme should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Notes. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus, you should consult an authorised financial 
adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
Any Notes to be issued under the Programme will not be offered, sold or delivered at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a 
public offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by, or registered 
with, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). The Notes are not and will not be traded on the Qatar 
Stock Exchange. The Notes and interests therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in 
the State of Qatar and do not constitute debt financing in the State of Qatar under the Commercial 
Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or otherwise under the laws of State of Qatar.

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
 
 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) 
THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS IN RESPECT OF ANY NOTES MAY INCLUDE A LEGEND 
ENTITLED "SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION" 
WHICH WILL STATE THE PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION OF THE NOTES PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE, 
AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE "SFA"). THE ISSUER WILL MAKE A 
DETERMINATION AND, PRIOR TO MAKING ANY OFFERING OF NOTES IN SINGAPORE, 
PROVIDE THE APPROPRIATE WRITTEN NOTIFICATION TO "RELEVANT PERSONS" (AS 
DEFINED IN SECTION 309A(1) OF THE SFA) IN RELATION TO EACH ISSUE ABOUT THE 
CLASSIFICATION OF THE NOTES BEING OFFERED FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 309B(1)(A) 
AND SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SFA. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
United Kingdom Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
which were relied on immediately before exit day to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for 
the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
 
 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination 
will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance 
rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
THE NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some of the statements contained in this Base Prospectus constitute forward-looking statements. Statements 
that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally can be 
identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may", "will", "expect", "intend", "estimate", 
"anticipate", "believe", "continue", "could", "should", "would" or similar terminology. These forward-
looking statements are contained in the sections entitled "Risk Factors", "Description of the Emirate of 
Sharjah" and "The Economy of Sharjah" and other sections of this Base Prospectus. 
Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward-looking 
statements are reasonable, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified 
below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer's

--- Page 10 ---
- x - 
 
 
underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the financial, political or economic condition 
of Sharjah may vary from that expected, estimated or predicted. Investors are therefore strongly advised to 
read the sections entitled "Risk Factors", and "The Economy of Sharjah", which include a more detailed 
description of the factors that might have an impact on the financial, political or economic condition of 
Sharjah. 
These forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Without prejudice to 
any requirements under applicable laws, the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to 
disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward-looking 
statements contained herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions 
or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme will be calculated by one of LIBOR, 
EURIBOR, KIBOR, SHIBOR, HIBOR, KLIBOR, SIBOR, EIBOR or SAIBOR as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of EURIBOR and SIBOR 
appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the administrators of LIBOR, KIBOR, SHIBOR, HIBOR, KLIBOR, SAIBOR and EIBOR are 
not included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far 
as the Issuer is aware, KIBOR, KLIBOR and EIBOR do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the administrators of LIBOR, SHIBOR, 
HIBOR, and SAIBOR are not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
PRESENTATION OF STATISTICAL INFORMATION 
The statistical information in this Base Prospectus has been derived from a number of different identified 
sources. Certain information (for example information relating to the balance of payments and information 
under the heading "Monetary and Financial System") is only available on a federal basis relating to the 
entire UAE and investors should note that Sharjah's specific position may differ in material respects from 
the position at an overall federal level. All statistical information provided in this Base Prospectus may 
differ from that produced by other sources for a variety of reasons, including the use of different definitions 
and cut-off times. Statistical information provided in respect of a certain year may be changed 
retrospectively in subsequent years when more recent statistical information is published. 
Some statistical information has also been derived from information publicly made available by third parties 
such as the International Monetary Fund (the "IMF"). Where such third party information has been so 
sourced, the source is stated where it appears in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Similar statistics may be obtainable from other sources, but the date of publication, underlying assumptions, 
methodology and, consequently, the resulting data may vary from source to source. In addition, statistics

--- Page 11 ---
- xi - 
 
 
and data published by one ministry or agency may differ from similar statistics and data produced by other 
agencies or ministries due to differing underlying assumptions, methodology or timing of when such data 
is reproduced. Certain historical statistical information contained herein is provisional or otherwise based 
on estimates that Sharjah and/or its agencies believe to be based on reasonable assumptions. Sharjah's 
official financial and economic statistics are subject to regular internal review as part of a regular 
confirmation process. Accordingly, the financial and economic information set out in this Base Prospectus 
may be subsequently adjusted or revised and may differ from previously published financial and economic 
information. While Sharjah does not expect such revisions to be material, no assurance can be given that 
material changes will not be made. 
Information contained herein that is identified as being derived from a publication of Sharjah or one of its 
agencies or instrumentalities is included herein on the authority of such publication as an official public 
document of Sharjah. All other information contained herein with respect to Sharjah is included as an 
official public statement made on the authority of the Sharjah Finance Department of the Government. 
PRESENTATION OF ECONOMIC INFORMATION 
Annual information presented in this Base Prospectus is based upon the calendar year (which is the fiscal 
year for the UAE and Sharjah), unless otherwise indicated. Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus 
have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in 
different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be the sum of the 
figures which precede them. Statistical information reported herein has been derived from official 
publications of, and information supplied by, a number of agencies and ministries of the Government, 
including the Department of Statistics and Community Development ("DSCD") and Sharjah Finance 
Department. Some statistical information has also been derived from information publicly made available 
by third parties such as the UAE Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority (formerly the National 
Bureau of Statistics) (the "FCSA") and the UAE Central Bank. Where such third party information has 
been so sourced, the source is stated where it appears in this Base Prospectus. The DSCD began reporting 
GDP data for Sharjah for 2017 which differs from GDP and other information for Sharjah reported by the 
FCSA. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
References to any individual year are references to a calendar year commencing on 1 January and ending 
on 31 December in the same year. All references in this document to "AED" and "U.A.E. Dirham" are to 
the currency of the UAE; to "U.S. Dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" are to the currency of the United States of 
America. The UAE Dirham has been pegged to the U.S. Dollar since 22 November 1980. The mid-point 
between the official buying and selling rates for the UAE Dirham is at a fixed rate of AED3.6725 = 
U.S.$1.00. For ease of presentation, certain financial information relating to Sharjah included herein is 
presented as translated into U.S. Dollars at the U.S. Dollar/AED rates of exchange deemed appropriate by 
Sharjah. Unless otherwise specified, such rates were applicable as of the end of such specified period(s). 
Such translations should not be construed as a representation that the amounts in question have been, could 
have been or could be converted into U.S. Dollars at that or any other rate. References to "SDR" are to the 
Special Drawing Right, a unit of account having the meaning ascribed to it from time to time by the rules 
and regulations of the IMF. References to "RMB" are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of 
China (the "PRC") (which, for the purposes of this Base Prospectus, excludes the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan). 
References in this document to "billions" are to thousands of millions. References to the "Government" 
are to the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah unless the context otherwise requires. References to 
"Sharjah" and to the "Emirate" are to the Emirate of Sharjah. References to the "UAE" are to the United 
Arab Emirates. 
Foreign Language 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 12 ---
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 21 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 24 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 25 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 34 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 74 
DESCRIPTION OF THE EMIRATE OF SHARJAH ................................................................................ 75 
THE ECONOMY OF SHARJAH .............................................................................................................. 89 
BALANCE OF PAYMENTS AND FOREIGN TRADE ......................................................................... 105 
MONETARY AND FINANCIAL SYSTEM ........................................................................................... 109 
PUBLIC FINANCE ................................................................................................................................. 123 
INDEBTEDNESS .................................................................................................................................... 128 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ 130 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 134 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS .......................... 141 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 151

--- Page 13 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "Conditions") and 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this overview. This overview 
constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Issuer: .............................................. 
Government of the Emirate of Sharjah acting through the Sharjah 
Finance Department. 
Issuer's Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): ............................................ 
254900ZNL8O3F1CLJO24. 
Description: ..................................... 
Global Medium Term Note Programme. 
Programme Size: ............................ 
The Programme is unlimited in amount. 
Arranger: ........................................ 
HSBC Bank plc 
Dealers: ............................................ 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
HSBC Bank plc 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement from time to time. 
Principal Paying Agent and 
Transfer Agent: ............................ 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Registrar, U.S. Paying Agent and 
U.S. Transfer Agent:.................... 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
Irish Listing Agent: ........................ 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited of Ten Earlsfort Terrace, 
Dublin 2, Ireland. 
Distribution: .................................... 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Risk Factors: ................................... 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of 
a particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme. All of 
these are set out under "Risk Factors". 
Certain Restrictions: ...................... 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions") including the following restrictions applicable at 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 ("FSMA") unless they are issued to a limited class of

--- Page 14 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
Currencies: ...................................... 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: ....................................... 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: ...................................... 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: ................................ 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as described 
in "Form of the Notes". Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: ............................ 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and, on 
redemption, will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: ....................... 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on the Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: ....................... 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: ......... 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer may 
(subject to certain conditions) be permitted to substitute such

--- Page 15 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
benchmark and/or screen rate (as applicable) with a successor, 
replacement or alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and, 
potentially, the application of an Adjustment Spread (which 
could be positive, negative or zero)). See Condition 5.2(c) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Replacement) for 
further information. 
 
Redemption: .................................... 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case 
may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions: Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above. 
Denomination of Notes: .................. 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain 
Restrictions: Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) and in 
the case of any Legended Notes, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be U.S.$200,000. 
Taxation: ......................................... 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Relevant Jurisdiction in accordance with Condition 8. In the 
event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8, be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Negative Pledge:.............................. 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4. 
Cross Acceleration: ........................ 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross acceleration provision 
as further described in Condition 10. 
Status of the Notes: ......................... 
The Notes and any relative Coupons constitute (subject to 
Condition 4) direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and, save for such exceptions as 
may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to 
Condition 4, at all times rank at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, from time to time outstanding, provided, further, 
that the Issuer shall have no obligation to effect equal or rateable 
payment(s) at any time with respect to any such other obligations 
and, in particular, shall have no obligation to pay such other

--- Page 16 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
obligations at the same time or as a condition of paying sums due 
on the Notes and vice versa. 
Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification and Waiver: ........... 
The terms of the Notes contain a "collective action" clause, 
which permits defined majorities to bind all Noteholders. If the 
Issuer issues debt securities that contain collective action clauses 
in substantially the same form as the collective action clause in 
the terms of the Notes, the Notes would be capable of 
aggregation for voting purposes with any such debt securities, 
thereby allowing "cross-series" modifications to the terms and 
conditions of all affected Series of Notes (even, in some 
circumstances, where majorities in certain Series did not vote in 
favour of the modifications being voted on). 
 
See Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and 
Waiver) and "Risk Factors—Factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme—Risks related to Notes generally—
The Conditions contain a "collective action" clause under which 
the terms of any one Series of Notes or multiple Series of Notes 
may be amended, modified or waived without the consent of all 
Noteholders". 
Ratings:............................................ 
Sharjah has been assigned a long- and short-term foreign and 
local currency sovereign credit rating of BBB- and A-3 by S&P 
with a stable outlook and a long-term issuer rating of Baa3 by 
Moody's with a negative outlook. 
 
The ratings assigned to each Series of Notes (if any) to be issued 
under the Programme will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the 
Notes (or beneficial interests therein) and may be subject to 
revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating organisation. Whether or not each any credit rating applied 
for in relation to the relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA or the United 
Kingdom and registered under the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: ........................................ 
Application will be made to: (i) Euronext Dublin for each Series 
of the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market; (ii) the 
DFSA for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the DFSA 
Official List and to the Nasdaq Dubai for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai, or (iii) as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and references to listing 
shall be construed accordingly. As specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
 
Clearing Systems: ........................... 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") for Bearer Notes, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and DTC for Registered 
Notes and, in relation to any Tranche, any other clearing system 
as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent 
and the relevant Dealer. See "Form of the Notes". 
Governing Law: .............................. 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes shall be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 17 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
Selling Restrictions: ........................ 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the United Kingdom, the EEA, the Kingdom 
of Bahrain, the Sultanate of Oman, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, 
the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), the 
UAE (excluding the DIFC), the DIFC, the State of Kuwait, Hong 
Kong, Singapore and Malaysia such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
United States Selling Restrictions:  
Regulation S Compliance Category 1, Rule 144A, TEFRA C, 
TEFRA D and/or TEFRA not applicable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Notes in bearer form will be issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor regulation in 
substantially the same form for purposes of Section 4701 of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ("TEFRA D") unless (i) the 
applicable Final Terms state that Notes are issued in compliance 
with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor 
regulation in substantially the same form for purposes of Section 
4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ("TEFRA C") 
or (ii) the Notes have a term of one year or less (taking into 
account any unilateral right to extend or rollover the term).

--- Page 18 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves risks. Accordingly, prospective investors should carefully consider, 
amongst other things, the risks described below, as well as the detailed information set out elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus, and reach their own views before making an investment decision. The risks and 
uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties related to the Issuer and the Notes. 
Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known, or currently believed to be immaterial, could also 
impair the ability to make payments on the Notes. If any of the following risks actually materialise, the 
financial condition and prospects of the Issuer could be materially adversely affected. If that were to 
happen, the trading price of the Notes could decline and the Issuer may be unable to make payments due 
on the Notes, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. Prospective investors should also read 
the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including in the Terms and Conditions) shall have the same meanings in this section. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks relating to the Issuer and the UAE 
Risks relating to the ongoing coronavirus COVID-19 
The outbreak of communicable diseases on a global scale may affect investment sentiment and result in 
sporadic volatility in global capital markets.  
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the COVID-19 outbreak is still having a continuing adverse impact 
on the world economy, which has so far included disruption to global supply chains, reduced GDP growth 
rates in 2020, increased fiscal deficits on the part of many governments and increased unemployment levels. 
Sharjah's nominal GDP decreased by 10.1 per cent. between 2019 and 2020, while the fiscal deficit 
increased by 28.1 per cent. Whilst the medium and long-term impact of the COVID-19 outbreak remains 
uncertain, a number of central banks and governments, including the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, 
have provided financial stimulus and economic support packages during 2020 and continuing in 2021. More 
generally, the rate of recovery of global economies remains subject to a number of ongoing COVID-19 
risks, including the availability and pace of vaccinations, the spread of emerging variants and the ability of 
governments to reduce stimulus packages that were put in place to stem the worst economic impacts of the 
COVID-19 pandemic without harming economic recovery. 
On 14 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank announced an AED 100 billion stimulus package to address the 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy, known as the Temporary Economic Support Scheme 
(the "TESS"). The package included AED 50 billion in aid for banks through collateralised, zero-interest 
loans and allowed banks to use as much as 60 per cent. of their capital conservation buffer, making an 
additional AED 50 billion in liquidity available to lenders. Additionally, the UAE Central Bank raised the 
loan-to-value ratios related to mortgage loans for first-time home owners in an attempt to make home 
ownership more affordable, and also made allowances for banks' real estate exposure to increase to 30 per 
cent. from 20 per cent. as long as additional capital was available. 
On 16 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank announced that it would cut the interest rate applicable to the 1-
week Certificates of Deposit (CD) by 75 basis points, in line with the Federal Funds Target Rate – Upper 
Bound, maintain the repo rate at 50 basis points above the 1-week CD rate, and reduce rates applicable to 
the Interim Margin Lending Facility and the Collateralised Murabaha Facility by 50 basis points to 50 basis 
points above the repo rate against CDs. 
On 5 April 2020, the UAE Central Bank increased its banking stimulus package to a total of AED 256 
billion in response to the significant adverse effect that COVID-19 was having on the economy of the UAE. 
The package included a reduction in reserve requirements for demand deposits, an allocation of AED 61 
billion to support banks' lending and liquidity management, a limitation on fees that banks can charge SMEs 
and a stipulation that banks cannot require a minimum account balance larger than AED 10,000. The 
package also included an allocation of AED 95 billion to assist banks in deferring retail and corporate debt 
payments until the end of 2020. 
On 16 November 2020, the UAE Central Bank announced that following its review of the TESS the scheme 
would be extended until 30 June 2021 to continue to support individuals and businesses affected by

--- Page 19 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
COVID-19, and on 20 April 2021, the zero-interest rate facility was again extended to June 2022 and the 
regulations for loan deferrals to December 2021. 
In November 2020, the Government of Sharjah approved a stimulus package of approximately AED 512.0 
million. The stimulus package includes incentives to support the government, private entities, businesses 
and individuals, boost business continuity and mitigate the overall economic impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic. As of 4 February 2021, the Federal Government and the individual emirates have so far 
announced approximately AED 32.0 billion (2.8 per cent. of GDP) in various fiscal measures in response 
to the COVID-19 pandemic which include AED 16.0 billion approved by the Federal Government to 
support the private sector by reducing various government fees, refunding 50 per cent. of bank and financial 
guarantees to some establishments and accelerating existing infrastructure projects. 
In June 2020, to support the operation of the TESS and the general flow of funds into the economy in 
Sharjah, the Government initiated a programme to place unlisted short-term sukuk instruments issued by 
the Government with Sharjah-based banks. These sukuk instruments constitute high-quality assets which 
may be used by the participating banks to generate liquidity through their treasury operations. At least 50 
per cent. of the proceeds from such an issuance are to be deposited back with the participating banks by the 
Government, further improving their liquidity position. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Government had completed AED 10 billion of short-term issuance under this scheme, of which AED 6 
billion remained outstanding.  
Although the various measures mentioned above, such as the restrictions on travel and freedom of 
movement, have been taken in order to combat the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, further outbreaks 
(including as a result of the emergence of new variants) may have a further negative economic impact or 
increase the budget deficit.  
As of 9 June 2021, according to the UAE Ministry of Health and Prevention, the UAE had recorded 18,885 
active cases of COVID-19, bringing the total number of recorded cases in the UAE to 589,423 including 
1,710 deaths and 568,828 recoveries from the disease. By the end of May 2021, the UAE had conducted 
more than 52 million tests and administered more than 12.9 million, predominantly Sinopharm, vaccine 
doses. A prolongation of the outbreak could significantly adversely affect economic growth, affect specific 
industries or countries with which the Government trades or affect the Government's employees and 
operations. For example, the aviation industry has been dramatically impacted by the crisis. As a result of 
the general decreased demand for air travel, Air Arabia, the only listed carrier in the UAE which uses 
Sharjah International Airport as its base, has operated a more limited number of services since grounding 
passenger flights in March 2020 and it is unclear when normal operations will resume in full. Therefore, 
the disruptions caused by the pandemic may affect operations in certain industries and cause corporations 
within these sectors to incur additional costs or prevent them from carrying out their core activities and 
initiatives. In addition, an escalation in geopolitical tensions and increased use of protectionist measures in 
response to COVID-19 may negatively impact the attractiveness of the UAE (and, consequently, the 
Emirate of Sharjah) for foreign investment and capital, its ability to engage in international trade and, 
consequently, its economy and its financial condition. 
The COVID-19 pandemic is ongoing, and its dynamic nature, including uncertainties relating to the 
ultimate spread of the virus, the severity of the disease, the duration of the pandemic and the related 
weakening of economic conditions, makes it difficult to predict or estimate reliably the degree of ongoing 
risk posed by the virus. Therefore, in spite of the various economic measures implemented by the 
Government and its efforts to prevent and impede the spread of the virus, the measures put in place may 
not have the desired effect. 
A material adverse effect on Sharjah's economy or its financial condition as a result of the ongoing COVID-
19 pandemic could negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme.   
Global financial conditions and protectionist policies may have an impact on Sharjah's economic and 
financial condition 
Sharjah's economy may be adversely affected by tightening global economic conditions and external 
shocks, including financial market volatility, trade disruptions and protectionist trade policies or threats 
thereof. The Government of Sharjah has made efforts in recent years to stimulate its private sector-driven 
economy by increasing volumes of foreign investment and tourism and has focused on creating a favourable 
business environment, with a legal and regulatory environment conducive to business success and aimed at

--- Page 20 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
attracting foreign and domestic investment. In 2009, Shurooq, the Sharjah Investment and Development 
Authority was established by Emiri Decree to support the economic development of Sharjah and, amongst 
other things, attract foreign direct investment opportunities into the Emirate. While the Government 
believes there are many incentives for foreign corporate entities to establish themselves in one of the free 
zones in Sharjah, such as 100 per cent. foreign ownership, a tax free environment, free transfer of funds, 
competitive pricing, a one stop shop for business services and long-lease periods, there is no assurance that 
these will be sufficient to attract foreign direct investment or that other countries may not offer more 
attractive incentives. Sharjah's economy is also dependent, to a large extent, on expatriate labour. This 
makes Sharjah potentially more vulnerable should there be a deterioration in local political stability for any 
reason, if it were to lead the Government to tighten controls on the flow of labour or capital. These changes 
could in turn make Sharjah a less attractive destination for businesses and individuals. There can be no 
assurance that the economic performance of Sharjah or the UAE can or will be sustained in the future. To 
the extent that economic growth or performance in the UAE slows or begins to decline, this could have an 
adverse effect on Sharjah (see "The Economy of Sharjah" for further information), which in turn could 
negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the 
Programme.   
Sharjah has strong trading relationships with other Emirates within the UAE and other countries, being part 
of the global supply chain and a consumer of goods from around the world. Any sustained market and 
economic downturn or geopolitical uncertainties in any of Sharjah's key trading partners may materially 
impact Sharjah's trade with those countries and could have a negative impact on Sharjah's foreign trade and 
balance of payments. A global shift in policies, including towards protectionism, with lower global growth 
due to reduced trade, migration and cross-border investment flows, could affect investor sentiment and slow 
tourism, trade and investment in Sharjah. Any escalation in geopolitical tensions and/or increased use of 
protectionist measures may negatively impact Sharjah's relationships with its trading partners and the 
attractiveness of the UAE (and, consequently, Sharjah) for foreign investment and capital, its ability to 
engage in international trade and, consequently, its economy and its financial condition. A material adverse 
effect on Sharjah's economy or its financial condition as a result of the above factors could negatively affect 
the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme.   
The Government has a relatively narrow revenue base 
The Government has a diverse but relatively narrow revenue base. For the year ended 31 December 2020, 
Sharjah recorded total revenues of AED 8.7 billion, a decrease of 24.3 per cent. compared with total 
revenues of AED 11.5 billion in 2019, set against a GDP of AED 112.6 billion in 2020 and AED 125.1 
billion in 2019. 
With the exception of a levy on the profits of foreign banks and hydrocarbon extraction, there is no 
traditional direct tax in the Emirate of Sharjah, although the Federal Government of the UAE (the "Federal 
Government") introduced a national value added tax at the rate of 5 per cent. with effect from 1 January 
2018 and an excise duty on certain goods in October 2017, and could in principle also introduce corporation 
or other taxes in the future. Value added tax generated AED 2.8 billion cash inflows for the Government of 
Sharjah in 2019 (including some receipts from 2018 handed over in 2019) and AED 1.4 billion in 2020 and 
is budgeted to generate AED 1.2 billion in 2021. Whilst this overall beneficial tax environment provides an 
incentive for businesses and wage earners to relocate to Sharjah, it potentially limits the Government's 
ability to increase public spending if necessary, which may adversely affect Sharjah's growth and revenue 
generation strategy and impact the Government's ability to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and may 
also adversely affect the ability of Sharjah to take further economic stimulus measures and counter the 
effects of economic downturn, including that caused by the COVID-19 outbreak, as further discussed 
above. 
The Government's direct debt has increased substantially in recent years and it may in the future elect 
to provide financial support to Government-owned or important local companies which could increase 
Sharjah's budget deficit and its funding needs 
In recent years the Government has experienced a rapid increase in net debt and as a percentage of its GDP, 
increasing from AED 22,214 million in 2018 (17.9 per cent. of its 2018 GDP) to AED 30,908 million in 
2019 and reaching AED 39,273 million in 2020 (34.9 per cent. of its 2020 GDP). The Government has in 
the past provided significant financial support to important local companies. For example, in 2019 there 
was a transfer of government-guaranteed debt from a real estate developer to the Government's balance 
sheet which contributed to an increase in the Government's debt burden. Also, in December 2018, the 
Government offered to support the capital requirements of Invest Bank P.S.C. ("Invest Bank") with an

--- Page 21 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
injection of AED 1,115 million in exchange for a 50.07 per cent. stake in the bank. The proposal included 
a commitment to underwrite a subsequent rights issue by Invest Bank with up to AED 785 million, should 
the bank require further capital. The proposal was subsequently accepted by all parties and the initial 
injection was made in April 2019, giving the Government of Sharjah a 50.07 stake in Invest Bank. The 
second funding injection had not been completed as at the date of this Base Prospectus, but the Government 
remains committed to completing the second round of funding, if required. 
Although the Government has no legal obligation to do so, it may, in the future, choose to provide additional 
financial support to other government-owned or important local companies if they were faced with 
difficulties that threatened the reputation or economic health of Sharjah. Any such support could be 
significant in the context of Sharjah's budget deficit, which has increased since 2018, increase its funding 
needs and costs of borrowing and entail substantial fiscal outflows, which in turn could negatively affect 
the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme.   
Although the UAE and Sharjah enjoy domestic political stability and generally good international 
relations, there is no guarantee that the UAE or Sharjah will continue to do so in the future and there is 
a risk that regional geopolitical instability could impact the UAE and, consequently, Sharjah. 
While the UAE (and consequently Sharjah) is seen as a relatively stable political environment, certain other 
jurisdictions in the Middle East are not, and there is a risk that regional geopolitical instability could impact 
the UAE. Instability in the Middle East may result from a number of factors, including government or 
military regime change, civil unrest or terrorism. In particular, since early 2011 there has been political 
unrest in a range of countries in the Middle East and North Africa ("MENA") region, including Egypt, 
Algeria, Jordan, Libya, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Iraq and Kurdistan, Syria, Palestine, Turkey, 
Tunisia and Oman. 
This unrest has ranged from public demonstrations to, in extreme cases, armed conflict and civil war and 
has given rise to a number of regime changes and increased political uncertainty across the region (including 
the multinational conflict with the so-called Islamic State (also known as Daesh, ISIS or ISIL)) and the 
overthrow of existing leadership and has given rise to increased political uncertainty across the region. 
Further, the UAE, along with other Arab states, participated in the Saudi-led intervention in Yemen which 
began in 2015 in response to requests for assistance from the Yemeni government and the UAE's 
participation in this intervention is still ongoing. Although the UAE has begun to scale back its involvement 
in the military intervention in Yemen, there is no guarantee that the UAE will not increase its participation 
in the future. In addition, in June 2017 the UAE, along with Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Egypt, ended 
diplomatic ties with Qatar (see "Description of the Emirate of Sharjah — Relationship between the UAE 
Constitution and Sharjah — International Relations"). Yemen, Jordan, Libya, Comoros, Senegal and 
Mauritania also joined the Saudi-led action shortly thereafter and several other countries including Chad, 
Djibouti, Maldives and Niger announced that they had downgraded their diplomatic ties with Qatar. The 
severing of diplomatic ties included the withdrawal of ambassadors, as well as the imposition of travel and 
trade restrictions, and there can be no assurance that diplomatic ties will be reinstated or that the current 
situation will not escalate. Additionally, other countries' sanctions may affect Sharjah's ability or 
willingness to trade. For example, the United States and the European Union's sanctions have affected 
Sharjah's trading relationship with Iran. Existing tensions in the Gulf region increased following the seizure 
by Iran of a British tanker in July 2019 and there can be no assurance that a similar incident will not occur 
elsewhere in the Gulf region. Furthermore, in June 2020, it was reported by the United Nations Secretary 
General to a meeting of the United Nations Security Council that cruise missiles used in several attacks on 
oil facilities and an international airport in Saudi Arabia in 2019 were of Iranian origin. Any continuation 
or increase in international or regional tensions regarding Iran, including further attacks on or seizures of 
oil tankers which disrupt international trade, including any impairment of trade flow through the Strait of 
Hormuz, or any military conflict could have a destabilising impact on the Gulf region, including with 
respect to the UAE and its ability to export oil and its security. 
These situations have caused varying levels of disruption to the economies of affected countries and may 
have had a destabilising effect on international oil and gas prices. Though the effects of the uncertainty 
have been varied, it is not possible to predict the occurrence of events or circumstances such as war or 
hostilities, the cessation of diplomatic ties, or the impact of such occurrences, and no assurance can be given 
that the UAE would be able to sustain its current economic growth levels if adverse political events or 
circumstances were to occur. Continued instability affecting the countries in the MENA region could 
adversely impact the UAE and, consequently, Sharjah, although to date there has been no significant impact 
on the UAE or Sharjah.

--- Page 22 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
Sharjah, similar to the other emirates, is also dependent on expatriate labour (ranging from unskilled 
labourers to highly skilled professionals in a range of industry sectors) and has made significant efforts in 
recent years to attract high volumes of foreign businesses and tourists to the emirate. These steps make it 
potentially more vulnerable should regional instability increase or foreign militants commence operations 
in the emirate. There can also be no assurance of the continued availability of expatriate labour with 
appropriate skills. 
Any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the political and economic 
stability of the Middle East and, in particular, could impact the numbers of tourists that choose to visit the 
UAE and Sharjah and the number of businesses interested in doing business in the UAE and Sharjah. 
Sharjah is, and will continue to be, affected by economic and political developments in or affecting the 
UAE and the wider MENA region and investors' reactions to developments in any country in the MENA 
region may affect securities of issuers in other markets, including the UAE. Although the UAE has not 
experienced significant terrorist attacks such as those experienced by a number of countries in the MENA 
region, there can be no assurance that extremists or terrorist groups will not initiate violent activity in the 
UAE. Any terrorist incidents, including cyber-terrorism, in or affecting the UAE and increased regional 
geopolitical instability (whether or not directly involving the UAE) may have a material adverse effect on 
the UAE's (and, consequently, Sharjah's) attractiveness for foreign investment and capital, its ability to 
engage in international trade and, consequently, its economy and financial condition. A material adverse 
effect on Sharjah's economy or its financial condition as a result of the above factors could negatively affect 
the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme.   
The UAE's economy is significantly affected by volatility in international oil prices and its economy has 
in the past been, and is likely in the future to continue to be, adversely affected by lengthy periods of low 
oil prices 
Sharjah is not a large oil producer (with the mining and quarrying sector, which includes crude oil and 
natural gas, accounting for 3.3 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal gross domestic product ("GDP") in 2020) and 
it enjoys a relatively diverse economy. However, Sharjah's economy is highly integrated with the other 
Emirates in the UAE through trade, currency, a common banking system and fully open markets. Therefore, 
any effect of oil price volatility may have a consequent effect on Sharjah. The UAE's economy, in particular 
Abu Dhabi and to a lesser extent Dubai, is significantly impacted by international oil prices. The 
hydrocarbon sector accounted for 25.0 per cent. of the UAE's nominal GDP in 2019 compared to 26.0 per 
cent. in 2018 and 20.5 per cent. in 2017. The UAE's economy has in the past been adversely affected by 
periods of low international oil prices, most recently in the period from mid-2014 to early 2016. 
According to the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC") data, as at 31 December 
2018, the UAE had 8.2 per cent. of OPEC reserves. According to preliminary data produced by the FCSA 
and the UAE Central Bank, the mining and quarrying sector, which includes crude oil and natural gas, 
accounted for 25.0 per cent. of the UAE's nominal GDP in 2019. 
The price of the OPEC Reference Basket has fluctuated significantly in recent years; since June 2014, 
international crude oil prices fell from a high monthly average OPEC Reference Basket price per barrel of 
U.S.$108 in June 2014 to a monthly average price of U.S.$26.50 in January 2016, subsequently recovering 
U.S.$65.09 in January 2020. More recently, in response to the decreasing demand for oil as a result of the 
spread of COVID-19, OPEC officials proposed a plan to the OPEC countries and other non-OPEC 
countries, including Russia, to reduce global production by 1.5 per cent. However, the parties were unable 
to reach agreement and the three-year partnership between OPEC and major non-OPEC providers was 
terminated as a result. On 7 March 2020, Saudi Arabia announced that it would raise oil output and discount 
its oil in April 2020. As a result of the above factors, the OPEC Reference Basket prices fell significantly 
from U.S.$48.35 on 6 March 2020 to U.S.$34.72 on 9 March 2020, a decrease of 28.2 per cent. On 30 
March 2020, the OPEC Reference Basket price had fallen further to U.S.$ $20.09, an 18-year low and as 
at 30 June 2020, the OPEC Reference Basket price had risen to U.S.$38.22. On 9 February 2021, the OPEC 
reference basket rose to U.S.$60.28, rising above the U.S.$60.00 threshold for the first time since the start 
of the COVID-19 pandemic and as at 15 February 2021, the OPEC reference Basket price had risen to 
U.S.$62.60. 
A series of meetings took place on 9 and 12 April 2020 between OPEC and non-OPEC oil producing 
countries participating in the Declaration of Cooperation, which culminated in an agreement to reduce their 
overall oil production in stages between 1 May 2020 and 30 April 2022. During the initial two-month period 
beginning 1 May 2020, OPEC and non-OPEC oil producing countries committed to reduce production by 
a total of 9.70 million barrels a day, followed by a six month period starting 1 July 2020 during which the

--- Page 23 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
countries committed to reducing production by a total of 7.68 million barrels a day followed by a subsequent 
16 month period between 1 January 2021 and 30 April 2022 during which the countries committed to 
reducing production by a total of 5.76 million barrels a day. On 3 December 2020, a subsequent meeting 
took place between the OPEC and non-OPEC oil producing countries participating in the Declaration of 
Cooperation. In light of current oil market fundamentals and the outlook for 2021, it was agreed that 
beginning in January 2021, participating countries would voluntarily reduce production by 0.5 million 
barrels a day from approximately 7.7 million barrels a day to 7.2 million barrels a day. Furthermore, 
participating countries agreed to hold monthly OPEC and non-OPEC ministerial meetings starting in 
January 2021, to assess market conditions and decide on further production adjustments for the following 
months, with further monthly adjustments being no more than 0.5 million barrels a day. However, there 
can be no assurance that the agreement will continue to be implemented by all relevant parties or achieve 
its stated goals or what effect the agreement will have on oil prices in the short to medium term. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the above analysis does not take into account the indirect impact 
of low oil prices on the UAE's economy, which is difficult to quantify with any precision. Potential investors 
should note that many of the UAE's other economic sectors are in part dependent on the hydrocarbon sector. 
For example, the financial institutions sector (and banks in particular) may experience lower liquidity (if 
significant government and government-owned company deposits are withdrawn to fund deficits) or higher 
loan losses or impairments. The Federal Government may also decide, as it has done in the past, to further 
reduce Government expenditures in light of the budgetary pressures caused by low or falling oil prices. As 
fiscal spending on infrastructure and investment projects drives credit to public sector entities and private 
contractors and bank credit for personal lending is driven by public sector wages, if this spending is cut and 
public sector wages come under pressure, this could, potentially, increase levels of non-performing loans 
("NPLs") held by banks. In addition, large Government fiscal deficits, which are likely to result in lower 
Government spending, could also impact many other sectors of the economy, including in particular the 
construction sector to the extent that large projects are delayed or cancelled. Furthermore, sectors that are 
dependent on household consumption, including education, healthcare and housing, may be adversely 
affected by lower levels of economic activity that may result from lower Government revenue from 
hydrocarbon production. 
Crude oil prices have historically been volatile and are affected by a range of factors beyond the Issuer's 
control, including: 
• 
global economic and political conditions as well as economic and political developments in oil 
producing regions, particularly in the Middle East; 
• 
global and regional supply and demand, and expectations regarding future supply and demand, for 
hydrocarbon products, including the prices and availability of alternative fuels or new technologies 
using different fuels (and those motivated by climate change concerns); 
• 
the ability of members of OPEC and other crude oil producing nations to agree upon and maintain 
specified global production levels and prices; 
• 
the impact of international environmental regulations designed to reduce carbon emissions; 
• 
other actions taken by major crude hydrocarbon producing or consuming countries; and 
• 
global weather and environmental conditions. 
There can be no assurance that these factors, whether individually or in combination with others, will not 
result in a prolonged or further decline in oil prices. Such oil price volatility has the potential to adversely 
affect Sharjah's economy and public finances in the future, both directly, through hydrocarbon revenues, 
and indirectly, through the reduced spending power of governments, companies and individuals in the 
region, which could, in turn, affect the trade, construction, real estate, tourism and banking sectors, in 
particular. As a result, there can be no assurance that the UAE's economy, or Sharjah's economy, will not 
be materially adversely affected in the future by lengthy periods of low oil prices. A material adverse effect 
on Sharjah's economy or its financial condition as a result of lengthy periods of low oil prices could 
negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the 
Programme.

--- Page 24 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
Sharjah's economy may be adversely affected by limitations in its control over monetary policy 
Sharjah shares legal, political, military and economic functions with the other emirates of the UAE as a 
result of the federal framework. Its economy is highly integrated with the other Emirates in the UAE 
through trade, currency, a common banking system and fully open markets. For example, the Government 
is not responsible for monetary policy, which is the responsibility of the Federal Government. However, 
the Notes issued are not guaranteed by the Federal Government of the UAE. Limited monetary policy 
control prevents the Government from responding to macroeconomic conditions, which may affect 
Government spending and liquidity within Sharjah; changing macroeconomic conditions are likely to affect 
Sharjah's economy indirectly through their impact on the trade, construction, real estate and banking 
sectors, given, in particular, the openness of Sharjah's economy, which does not have any capital or 
exchange controls. The inability of the Government to respond or react to such conditions through monetary 
policy may have a long-term negative impact on its economy as a whole, which, in turn, could negatively 
affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme.  
Sharjah's budget is prepared on a near-cash basis, which means that Sharjah's stated deficit may not be 
fully reflective of all of the expenditure and revenue which would be recognised by the Government in a 
particular period if international financial reporting standards were applied 
Similar to many governments, the Government prepares its budget on a near-cash basis. This means that 
flows are largely recorded when cash is received or disbursed, with some minor timing differences (e.g. 
cheque payments). Although non-monetary flows can be recorded, most accounting systems (including that 
used in Sharjah) using a near-cash basis do not record non-monetary flows because the focus is on liquidity 
management rather than resource flows. In addition, with respect to accounting for revenues and 
expenditure, the time of recording may diverge significantly from the time of the economic activities and 
transactions to which they relate. For example, the time cost of a zero-coupon bond, a proxy for interest, 
would not be recorded until the bond matured, which could be many years after the expense was incurred; 
and the cost of building or buying an asset would be recorded upfront, rather than through the depreciation 
of that asset over time. Accordingly, the Government's stated budget may deviate significantly from an 
accrual-based system of financial reporting, such as International Financial Reporting Standards, and may 
comparatively under- or over-state the incurrence of future liabilities, which, in turn, could in some 
scenarios, negatively affect the Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under 
the Programme.   
Statistical information provided in respect of a certain year may be changed retrospectively in subsequent 
years when more recent statistical information is published 
The statistical information in this Base Prospectus in relation to GDP, balance of payments, revenues and 
expenditure and indebtedness of the Government have been derived from a number of different identified 
sources, such as the Federal Government's official statistical authority, the FCSA; Sharjah's official 
statistical authority, Department of Statistics and Community Development ("DSCD"); and the published 
reports of the UAE Central Bank. Furthermore, certain information (for example information relating to 
the balance of payments and information under the heading "Monetary and Financial System") is only 
available for the UAE as a whole from institutions of the Federal Government, and potential investors 
should note that Sharjah's position may differ in material respects from the position at an overall UAE level. 
All statistical information provided in this Base Prospectus may differ from that produced by other sources 
for a variety of reasons, including the use of different definitions and cut-off times and differing underlying 
assumptions and methodologies (see "Presentation of Statistical Information"). In addition, standards of 
accuracy of statistical data may vary from authority to authority or from period to period due to the 
application of these different methodologies. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the statistical data 
appearing in this Base Prospectus is as accurate or as reliable as those published by other countries. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, investors should be aware that certain data relating to Sharjah (for 
example, detailed foreign trade statistical data) is not available. Furthermore, some of the data included in 
this Base Prospectus is preliminary and may not be finalised by year-end. Additionally, DSCD has recently 
become the official statistical authority responsible for producing GDP data for Sharjah (which is subject 
to review and approval by FCSA prior to release) and has so far reported comprehensive data for only 2017 
and 2018, and estimated data for 2019 and 2020. DSCD is currently working to complete the final 2019 
GDP data and to complete the retrospective data series for the years 2010 to 2016. The new data series 
differs from GDP data previously reported in respect of Sharjah by the FCSA. While public finance data is 
consistent with the data from the Government's financial management system, this data is not subject to an 
external auditor's opinion.

--- Page 25 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
Data on non-trade flows into and out of Sharjah is not available and the data on non-trade flows into and 
out of the UAE as set out in this Base Prospectus under "Balance of Payments and Foreign Trade" is not 
complete and is subject to revision, reflecting, in part, weaknesses of the central statistical bodies, and in 
part, the operation of many free zones within the UAE. No data is released by the UAE or Sharjah on 
external debt, and, accordingly, only IMF estimates of the UAE's external debt are available and set out in 
this Base Prospectus. 
In the IMF's consultations for 2013 to 2016, the IMF acknowledged that the UAE had made progress in 
improving the quality of its statistical data and that its data provision was broadly adequate for surveillance, 
but stated that some data gaps remain. In June 2018, the UAE launched a National Summary Data Page, 
becoming the first GCC country to implement the recommendations of the IMF's Enhanced General Data 
Dissemination System. In the IMF's 2018 Article IV report published in 2019, the IMF commended this 
implementation and other steps to improve economic statistics, while emphasising the need for further 
progress, including improving labour, fiscal, national accounts, and international investment position 
statistics, to facilitate decision-making and enhance transparency. Therefore, these weaknesses may 
continue to impact the statistical data included in this Base Prospectus and the information for past periods 
should not be viewed as indicative of current circumstances, future periods or periods not presented. 
Accordingly, financial and economic information may differ from previously published figures, or figures 
published in the future, and may be subsequently adjusted or revised. No assurance can be given that 
material changes will not be made which, in turn, could negatively affect the market value of an investment 
in the relevant Notes. 
The Government may be adversely affected by monetary policy inflexibility, or if the UAE 
Dirham/U.S. Dollar peg were to be removed or adjusted 
The functional and reporting currency of the Government is the UAE Dirham. The UAE Dirham has been 
"pegged" at a fixed exchange rate to the U.S. Dollar since 22 November 1980. The current midpoint 
between the official buying and selling rates for the UAE Dirham is at a fixed rate of AED 3.6725 = 
U.S.$1.00. The maintenance of this peg is a firm policy of the UAE Central Bank. The Federal Government 
and the UAE Central Bank have publicly stated that there is no current intention to reassess the Dollar 
"peg". However, there can be no assurance that UAE policy, in respect of the UAE Dirham/U.S. Dollar 
"peg", will remain unchanged in the future. If the UAE Central Bank cannot maintain a stable exchange 
rate or the peg to the U.S. dollar, this may reduce confidence in the UAE's economy, reduce foreign direct 
investment and adversely affect the UAE's finances and economy, as well as those of the individual emirates 
within the UAE, including Sharjah. 
In addition, the UAE Central Bank and the Government do not have any flexibility to devalue the Dirham 
to stimulate Sharjah's exports market, and the UAE Central Bank's ability to independently manage interest 
rates is constrained. For example, if the U.S. Federal Reserve were to further increase interest rates, and the 
UAE Central Bank were to delay significantly in increasing its own rates, this could result in significant 
pressure on the currency "peg". Furthermore, because the UAE's currency is pegged at a fixed rate to the 
U.S. dollar, any significant appreciation in value of the U.S. dollar, whether driven by increasing U.S. 
interest rates or other factors, could result in the UAE's non-hydrocarbon exports becoming less 
competitive. 
The Government is also exposed to the potential impact of any abolition of this foreign exchange "peg". 
Any such "depegging", particularly if the UAE Dirham weakened against the U.S. Dollar, could have an 
adverse effect on Sharjah's financial condition and prospect, which, in turn, could negatively affect the 
Government's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Investing in securities involving emerging markets such as Sharjah generally involves a high degree of 
risk 
Investing in securities involving emerging markets, such as Sharjah, generally involves a higher degree of 
risk than investments in securities of issuers from more developed countries. In the case of Sharjah, these 
higher risks include those discussed elsewhere in this section. Generally, investments in emerging markets 
are only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate and are familiar with the significance of 
the risks involved in investing in emerging markets. International investors' reactions to events occurring 
in one emerging market country or region sometimes appear to demonstrate a "contagion" effect in which 
an entire region or class of investment is disfavoured by such investors. If such a "contagion" effect were 
to occur, the trading price of Notes issued under the programme could be adversely affected by negative

--- Page 26 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
economic or financial developments in other emerging market countries over which the Government has 
no control. In addition, the economies of emerging markets are more susceptible to influence by 
macroeconomic and central bank policy decisions of developed countries than other sovereign issuers. In 
particular, emerging market economies have in the past demonstrated sensitivity to periods of economic 
growth and interest rate movements of developed economies. No assurance can be given that this will not 
be the case in the future. As a consequence, an investment in Notes issued under the Programme carries 
risks that are not typically associated with investing in Notes issued by governments in more mature 
markets. Investors should also note that emerging markets such as Sharjah are subject to rapid change and 
that the information set forth in this Base Prospectus may become outdated relatively quickly. Accordingly, 
prospective investors should exercise particular care in evaluating the risks involved and must decide for 
themselves whether in light of those risks their investment is appropriate. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Certain benchmark rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the 
future - including phasing-out of LIBOR after 31 December 2021 or 30 June 2023. 
The London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other 
interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a 
benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the United 
Kingdom.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, and such changes 
could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the international, national 
or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase 
the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying 
with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of 
quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority announced 
on 27 July 2017 that it would no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the 
LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and confirmed on 5 March 2021 that most LIBOR benchmark tenors would 
cease or cease to be representative benchmarks from 31 December 2021 or (in the case of certain tenors of 
USD LIBOR only) from 30 June 2023. On 5 March 2021, the administrator for LIBOR (the ICE Benchmark 
Administration or IBA) similarly announced that it would cease the publication of the relevant LIBOR 
settings on 31 December 2021 or 30 June 2023, unless the FCA exercises its proposed new powers (which 
are included in the current UK Financial Services Bill as proposed amendments to the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) to require the IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology 
(also known as a "synthetic" basis). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement on the future cessation 
and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has 
indicated it will cease publication. Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for 
all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings 
and immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining

--- Page 27 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), 
the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue 
their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the 
case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will 
no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately 
after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately 
after 30 June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen 
LIBOR settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. Such announcements indicate that LIBOR 
will not continue in its current form and the FCA announcement of 5 March 2021 indicated that it is 
currently contemplating that any 'synthetic' basis, if adopted, would be limited to a small number of 
currencies and settings.  
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
The elimination of LIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 5.2(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Benchmark Replacement)) or 
result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate 
Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to 
reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such 
benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the value and trading 
market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
LIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of interest could 
be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or 
alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant 
governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the 
ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser 
(as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmark Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, 
reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.

--- Page 28 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
The Notes may be subject to early redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of any Note is likely to limit its market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to exercise an early redemption option when the Issuer's cost of financing is 
lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, it may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The Conditions contain a "collective action" clause under which the terms of any one Series of Notes 
or multiple Series of Notes may be amended, modified or waived without the consent of all Noteholders 
The Conditions contain provisions regarding amendments, modifications and waivers, commonly referred 
to as "collective action clauses". Such clauses permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not vote and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. The relevant 
provisions also permit, in relation to Reserved Matters, multiple Series of Notes to be aggregated for voting 
purposes (provided that each such Series also contains the same or similar collective action clauses in the 
relevant Conditions). 
The Issuer expects that all Series of Notes issued under the Programme will include such collective action 
clauses, thereby giving the Issuer the ability to request modifications or actions in respect of Reserved 
Matters across multiple Series of Notes. This means that a defined majority of the holders of such Series of 
Notes (when taken in the aggregate only, in some circumstances, and/or individually) would be able to bind 
all holders of Notes in all the relevant aggregated Series. 
Any modification or actions relating to Reserved Matters, including in respect of payments and other 
important terms, may be made to a single Series of Notes with the consent of the holders of 75 per cent. of 
the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of such Series of Notes, and to multiple Series of Notes which 
may be issued by the Issuer with the consent of both: (i) the holders of 66 2/3 per cent. of the aggregate 
nominal amount outstanding of all Series of Notes being aggregated; and (ii) the holders of 50 per cent. in 
aggregate nominal amount outstanding of each Series of Notes being aggregated. In addition, under certain 
circumstances, including the satisfaction of the Uniformly Applicable condition (as more particularly 
described in the Conditions), any such modification or action relating to Reserved Matters may be made to 
multiple Series of Notes with only the consent of 75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding 
of all Series of Notes being aggregated, without requiring a particular percentage of the holders in any 
individual affected Series of Notes to vote in favour of any proposed modification or action. Any 
modification or action proposed by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, be made in respect of some 
Series of Notes only and, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions may be used for different groups of 
two or more Series of Notes simultaneously. At the time of any proposed modification or action, the Issuer 
will be obliged, inter alia, to specify which method or methods of aggregation will be used by the Issuer.

--- Page 29 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
There is a risk, therefore, that the Conditions of a Series of Notes may be amended, modified or waived in 
circumstances whereby the Noteholders voting in favour of an amendment, modification or waiver may be 
holders of different Series of Notes and as such, less – even significantly less – than 75 per cent. of the 
Noteholders would have voted in favour of such amendment, modification or waiver. 
In addition, there is a risk that the provisions allowing for aggregation across multiple Series of Notes may 
make the Notes less attractive to purchasers in the secondary market on the occurrence of an Event of 
Default or in a distress situation. Further, any such amendment, modification or waiver in relation to any 
Notes may adversely affect their trading price. 
The Conditions also provide that the Notes and such conditions may, subject to the prior written approval 
of the Issuer, be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, 
the parties to the Agency Agreement (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") may agree to 
modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any 
such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error 
or it is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and is other than in respect of a Reserved 
Matter. 
In the future, the Issuer may issue debt securities which contain collective action clauses in the same form 
as the collective action clauses in the Conditions. If this occurs, then this could mean that any Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme would be capable of aggregation with any such future debt securities. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can 
be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative 
practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the 
value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with 
the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing 
a nominal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Holders of Notes held through DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg must rely on procedures 
of those clearing systems to effect transfers of Notes, receive payments in respect of Notes and vote at 
meetings of Noteholders 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or may be deposited with a nominee for DTC (each as defined in "Form of the Notes"). Except 
in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in 
definitive form. Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and 
indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. 
While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants.

--- Page 30 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes 
so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes, as an 
equivalent investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes do not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating organisation. The Issuer has no obligation to inform Noteholders of any 
revision, downgrade or withdrawal of its current or future sovereign credit ratings. A suspension, 
downgrade or withdrawal at any time of a credit rating assigned to the Issuer and/or the Notes may adversely 
affect the trading price of the Notes. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject

--- Page 31 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction may also apply in 
the case of credit ratings issued by non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EEA third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, 
as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency 
and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies 
and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the United Kingdom are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, United Kingdom regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can 
either be: (a) endorsed by a United Kingdom registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country 
credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in 
each case, to: (a) the relevant United Kingdom registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may 
be, not having been withdrawn or suspended; and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom, of existing pre-2021 ratings, 
provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, relevant regulated investors may no longer be 
able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the United Kingdom, as applicable, and the 
Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in relevant regulated investors selling the 
Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. 
On 11 February 2021, Moody's downgraded the long-term foreign and local currency issuer rating of 
Sharjah from Baa2 to Baa3 and changed the outlook from stable to negative. On 20 April 2021, S&P 
affirmed the long-term foreign and local currency sovereign rating for Sharjah at BBB- and A-3 respectively 
with a stable outlook. The rating downgrade from Moody's reflects the fact that Sharjah's economy 
contracted in 2020 due to lower oil prices and the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to 
a sharp deterioration in Sharjah's fiscal strength. The negative outlook captures the risk of a further rise in 
Sharjah's debt burden, impacting its capacity to respond to future shocks. There can be no assurance that 
Sharjah's credit ratings will not be subject to further downgrades or fall below investment-grade status in 
the future. 
Risks relating to enforcement 
Investors may experience difficulties in enforcing arbitration awards and foreign judgments in the UAE 
The payments under the Notes are dependent upon the Issuer making payments to the investors in the 
manner contemplated under the Notes. If the Issuer fails to do so, it may be necessary to bring an action 
against the Issuer to enforce its obligations and/or to claim damages, as appropriate, which may be costly 
and time consuming. 
Furthermore, to the extent that the enforcement of remedies must be pursued in the UAE, it should be borne 
in mind that there is limited scope for self-help remedies under UAE law and that generally enforcement 
of remedies in the UAE must be pursued through the courts. 
The Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are governed by English law and the Issuer 
has agreed, at the option of certain parties (other than the Issuer), to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
the English courts in respect of any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of or in connection 
with such documents. 
Under current UAE law, the UAE courts (including the courts of Sharjah) are unlikely to enforce an English 
court judgment without re-examining the merits of the claim and may not observe the choice by the parties 
of English law as the governing law of the transaction. In the UAE, foreign law is required to be established 
as a question of fact and the interpretation of English law, by a court in the UAE, may not accord with the 
interpretation by an English court. In principle, courts in the UAE recognise the choice of foreign law if 
they are satisfied that an appropriate connection exists between the relevant transaction agreement and the

--- Page 32 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
foreign law which has been chosen. They will not, however, honour any provision of foreign law which is 
contrary to public policy, order or morals in the UAE, or to any mandatory law of, or applicable in, the 
UAE. 
The UAE is a civil law jurisdiction and judicial precedents in Sharjah have no binding effect on subsequent 
decisions. In addition, there is no formal system of reporting court decisions in Sharjah. These factors create 
greater judicial uncertainty than would be expected in other jurisdictions. 
The Issuer has agreed, unless the option to litigate is exercised, to refer any unresolved dispute in relation 
to such documents to arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International 
Arbitration in London, England. The New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of 
Foreign Arbitral Awards 1958 (the "New York Convention") entered into force in the UAE on 19 
November 2006. Any arbitration award rendered in London should therefore be enforceable in Sharjah in 
accordance with the terms of the New York Convention. Under the New York Convention, the UAE has 
an obligation to recognise and enforce foreign arbitration awards, unless the party opposing enforcement 
can prove one of the grounds under Article V of the New York Convention to refuse enforcement, or the 
Sharjah courts find that the subject matter of the dispute is not capable of settlement by arbitration or 
enforcement would be contrary to the public policy of the UAE. There have been limited instances where 
the UAE courts, most notably the Fujairah Court of First Instance and the Dubai Court of Cassation, have 
ratified or ordered the recognition and enforcement of foreign arbitration awards under the New York 
Convention. It should be noted that only the Dubai Court of Cassation was a final decision. 
There is no established track record as to how the New York Convention provisions would be interpreted 
and applied by the UAE courts in practice and whether the UAE courts will enforce a foreign arbitration 
award in accordance with the New York Convention (or any other multilateral or bilateral enforcement 
convention). This is reinforced by the lack of a system of binding judicial precedent in the UAE and the 
independent existence of different emirates within the UAE, some with their own court systems 
independent of the federal system, and whose rulings may have no more than persuasive force cross-border. 
Although there are examples of foreign arbitral awards being enforced in the UAE under the New York 
Convention (as described above), there are other cases where the enforcement of foreign arbitral awards 
have been refused. Federal Cabinet Resolution No. 57 of 2018 (the "Resolution") governs the enforcement 
of foreign arbitral awards. The Resolution confirms that arbitral awards issued in a foreign state may be 
enforced in the UAE and that the conditions for enforcement of foreign arbitral awards set out in the New 
York Convention shall not be prejudiced by the Resolution. However, there is no established track record 
as to how the overlapping provisions of the New York Convention and the Resolution will be interpreted 
and applied by the UAE courts in practice. There remains a risk that notwithstanding the Resolution or the 
terms of an applicable multilateral or bilateral enforcement convention, the UAE courts may in practice 
still consider and apply the grounds for enforcement of domestic UAE arbitral awards set out in Federal 
Law No. 6 of 2018 (the "UAE Arbitration Law") to the enforcement of any non-UAE arbitral award. The 
UAE Arbitration Law and the Resolution are both new and it is unclear how they will be applied by the 
UAE courts in practice. Accordingly, there is a risk that a non-UAE arbitral award will be refused 
enforcement by the UAE courts. 
The Issuer's waiver of immunity may not be effective under the laws of the UAE 
The Issuer has waived its rights in relation to sovereign immunity. However, there can be no assurance as 
to whether such waivers of immunity from execution or attachment or other legal process by it under the 
Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are valid and binding under the laws of the UAE 
and applicable in Sharjah.

--- Page 33 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") and Registered Notes will be issued 
both outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and 
within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A or another exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
bearer global note (a "Temporary Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
a permanent bearer global note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note" and, together with a Temporary 
Bearer Global Note, each a "Bearer Global Note") which, in either case, will be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notes issued pursuant to TEFRA D must be initially represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note. 
While any Bearer Global Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as 
defined below) will be made against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note only to the extent 
that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. 
person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification 
(based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice 
period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms in the case of TEFRA D Bearer Notes), in each case 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive 
definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any 
payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
The option for an issue of Bearer Global Notes to be represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note exchangeable for definitive Bearer Global Notes should not be expressed to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms if the Bearer Global Notes are issued with a minimum Specified Denomination such 
as €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another 
smaller amount such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" 
means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the 
Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing 
system is available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer 
Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall

--- Page 34 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Global Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes), 
interest coupons and talons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986". 
The sections referred to provide that U.S. holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Bearer Global Notes, interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any 
gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, interest coupons 
or talons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold 
outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a "Regulation S 
Global Note"). 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in the United States may only be offered and sold 
in private transactions to "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act ("QIBs"). The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a global 
note in registered form (a "Rule 144A Global Note" and, together with a Regulation S Global Note, each 
a "Registered Global Note"). 
Registered Global Notes will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or (ii) be deposited with a Common Depositary for, 
and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be 
entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical 
delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form and in the case of Regulation S Global Notes, outside 
the United States and its possessions. 
The Registered Global Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear 
a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
6.4) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the 
Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or 
deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 
6.4) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, (ii) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has 
notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and no 
alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under 
the Exchange Act and no alternative clearing system is available or (iii) in the case of Notes registered in 
the name of a nominee for a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer

--- Page 35 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced 
an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor 
clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than ten days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note. No beneficial 
owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent 
applicable. Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will 
bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche 
of Notes is issued on terms that it will from a date after its date of issue form a single Series with an existing 
Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where 
applicable, a FISN, a CFI, a CUSIP and CINS number which are different from the common code, ISIN, 
FISN, CFI, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as 
the two Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10. In 
such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note 
then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, will become 
entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of 
Covenant") dated 15 July 2021 and executed by the Issuer. In addition, holders of interests in such Global 
Note credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver definitive Notes in registered form 
in exchange for their interest in such Global Note in accordance with DTC's standard operating procedures.

--- Page 36 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published, and have been filed with the CBI, shall 
be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
• 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" appearing between pages 33 to 72 of the Base Prospectus 
dated 9 July 2020 will be incorporated by reference herein and will be available for viewing at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_11cebebd-43da-499e-85b2-a29da5b388f3.PDF.  
Copies of the above document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent at Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, Winchester House, 
One Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom. 
Any information contained in the document specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The above document shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 37 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below: 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of (EU) Directive 
2014/65 (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the United Kingdom has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65 (as 
amended, "MiFID II")]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA")]/[EUWA] 
("UK MiFIR"); or (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or

--- Page 38 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
amended from time to time (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and ["Excluded Investment 
Products"]/["Specified Investment Products"] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]1 
Final Terms dated [•] 
GOVERNMENT OF THE EMIRATE OF SHARJAH 
ACTING THROUGH THE SHARJAH FINANCE DEPARTMENT 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 254900ZNL8O3F1CLJO24 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of Notes] 
under the 
Global Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [•] 
[and [•]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein [for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]2 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus3. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]4 [is/are] available 
for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and the 
website of Nasdaq Dubai (http://www.nasdaqdubai.com)]. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [9 July 2020] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [•] 
[and [•]]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 2021 and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [•] [and [•]]]  and which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and these 
Final 
Terms] 
[is/are] 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) 
and 
the 
website 
of 
Nasdaq 
Dubai 
(http://www.nasdaqdubai.com)]. 
1. 
Issuer: 
Government of the Emirate of Sharjah 
acting through the Sharjah Finance 
Department 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
1  
To be included for offers of Notes into Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary 
product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
 
2 
To be included only if the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing on the official list, of Euronext 
Dublin. 
 
3 
To be deleted where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
4 
To be included only if the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing on the official list, of Euronext 
Dublin and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai, and listing on the official list of securities maintained by the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority.

--- Page 39 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form 
a single Series with [•] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Bearer Global Note], as referred to in 
paragraph 21 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [•]] / [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [•]] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in relation to Notes in 
global form (see Conditions)): 
[•] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•]/[Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [•]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[•] [•] [LIBOR/EURIBOR/ 
KIBOR/SHIBOR/HIBOR/KLIBOR/SIB
OR/EIBOR/SAIBOR] +/- [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation 
or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 
per cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(see paragraph [17]/[18] below)] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior

--- Page 40 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
 
(b) 
Date approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[•] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[•] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date] 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to Notes in 
global form see Conditions): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in definitive 
form (and in relation to Notes in global 
form see Conditions): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (b) below/, not subject to 
adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to 
be Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount (if not 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[•] (the "Calculation Agent") 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•] [•] 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/KIBOR/SHIBOR/HI
BOR/KLIBOR/SIBOR/EIBOR/SAIBOR
]] 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•]

--- Page 41 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation] 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 42 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
19. 
Clean Up Call Right: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Clean Up Call Optional Redemption 
Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(b) 
Notice Period: 
Minimum period: [30] days Maximum 
period: [60] days 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on and 
after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon 
an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Regulation S Global Note registered in 
the name of a nominee for [DTC/a 
Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Rule 144A Global Note registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC/a Common 
Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be 
required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
still to be made/No] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah acting through the Sharjah Finance 
Department:

--- Page 43 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
 
By: .............................................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 44 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been] [is expected to be] 
made to Euronext Dublin by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on its 
Official List and admitted to trading on its 
regulated 
market 
with 
effect 
from 
[•].]/[Application [has been] [is expected to 
be] made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be listed on the Official List of 
the DFSA and admitted to trading on Nasdaq 
Dubai]./[Not Applicable.] 
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be/will not be] rated: 
 
[Fitch: 
[•]] 
[S&P: 
[•]] 
[Moody's: 
[•]] 
 
"[∙] is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"). [[∙] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The 
rating [∙] has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[∙], which is established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").]"; 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealer] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business, for which they may receive fees.] 
4. 
[YIELD (FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY) 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.]

--- Page 45 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
5. 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS: 
[•] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
(c) 
CUSIP: 
[•] 
(d) 
CINS: 
[•] 
(e) 
CFI: 
[•] [As set out on the website of the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
(f) 
FISN 
[•] [As set out on the website of the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
(g) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[•]  
(h) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(i) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
(c) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[•] 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance [Category 1]; Rule 
144A; TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not 
applicable] 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
United 
Kingdom Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 46 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will 
be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to 
"Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah 
acting through the Sharjah Finance Department (the "Issuer") pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as 
defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") (issued in exchange for a Global Note 
in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency 
Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the "Agency Agreement") dated 15 July 2021 and made between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas as paying agent in respect of the Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement 
system ("DTC Notes") (the "U.S. Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor paying 
agent), as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any successor registrar) and transfer 
agent in respect of the DTC Notes (the "U.S. Transfer Agent", which expression shall include any 
successor transfer agent), Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as principal paying agent (the "Principal 
Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent and the other paying 
agents named therein, together with the Principal Paying Agent and the U.S. Paying Agent, the "Paying 
Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), as exchange agent (the 
"Exchange Agent", which expression shall include any successor exchange agent) and as transfer agent 
(together with the Registrar and the U.S. Transfer Agent, the "Transfer Agents", which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, and, if indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein 
to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to 
Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions"). 
References to the "applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes 
are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below. Any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless 
the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.

--- Page 47 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") 
dated 15 July 2021 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (including the forms of Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the 
Coupons and the Talons) and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are (i) listed on the official list of 
Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on its regulated market; and (ii) are listed on the official list of 
securities maintained by the Dubai Financial Services Authority and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai, 
copies of the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) 
and 
the 
website 
of 
Nasdaq 
Dubai 
(http://www.nasdaqdubai.com), respectively. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of and are bound by, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, 
the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the "Specified Currency") and 
the denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem 
and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note 
as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership 
or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case 
of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of 
such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder 
of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant

--- Page 48 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
For so long as The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee is the registered owner or 
holder of a Registered Global Note, DTC or nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the 
sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Registered Global Note for all purposes 
under the Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that in accordance with DTC's 
published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or 
beneficial owners through participants. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. References to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and 
transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in 
definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited 
to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC 
or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Conditions 2.1 and 2.5, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole 
or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect 
any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration 
of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified 
office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or 
holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and 
deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the 
relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of 
title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial 
such regulations being set out in Schedule 8 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, 
the relevant Transfer Agent will, within ten business days (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is 
located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable 
fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and 
delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured 
mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a 
like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) 
transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new 
Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred 
will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor.

--- Page 49 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
2.5 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(a) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Note, 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written confirmation substantially in the form set out in 
the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate from the transferor to the effect that such 
transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S; or 
(b) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note where the 
transferee is a person who the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by 
the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may 
include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable 
securities laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for 
removal of the Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to remove the 
Legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as 
may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that 
neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
2.6 
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Legended Note" means Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by a 
Registered Global Note) sold in private transactions to QIBs in accordance with the requirements 
of Rule 144A which bear a legend specifying certain restrictions on transfer (a "Legend"); 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Regulation S Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
"Rule 144A Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the United 
States or to QIBs; and 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

--- Page 50 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Coupons constitute (subject to Condition 4) direct, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves and, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and 
subject to Condition 4, at all times rank at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding, provided, 
further, that the Issuer shall have no obligation to effect equal or rateable payment(s) at any time 
with respect to any such other obligations and, in particular, shall have no obligation to pay such 
other obligations at the same time or as a condition of paying sums due on the Notes and vice versa. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer will not 
create or permit to subsist any Security Interest, other than a Permitted Security Interest, upon the 
whole or any part of its present or future assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Indebtedness 
or Relevant Sukuk Obligation, or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of Relevant Indebtedness 
or a Relevant Sukuk Obligation, of any Person, without: 
(a) 
at the same time or prior thereto securing equally and rateably therewith its obligations 
under the Notes; or 
(b) 
providing such other Security Interest for the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes as 
may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined below) of the Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest upon property or assets incurred for the purpose of financing the 
acquisition or construction, improvement or repair of such property or asset or any renewal 
or extension of any such Security Interest, which is limited to the original property or asset 
covered thereby and which secures any renewal or extension of the original secured 
financing; 
(b) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or asset at the time of its acquisition and 
any renewal or extension of any such Security Interest which is limited to the original 
property or asset covered thereby and which secures any renewal or extension of the 
original secured financing; 
(c) 
any Security Interest in existence on 9 July 2020; 
(d) 
any Security Interest arising in the ordinary course of banking transactions and securing 
the Relevant Indebtedness of the Issuer maturing not more than one year after the date on 
which it is originally incurred; 
(e) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law or which arose pursuant to any order of 
attachment, distraint or similar legal process arising in connection with court proceedings 
so long as the execution or other enforcement thereof is effectively stayed and the claims 
secured thereby are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; 
(f) 
any Security Interest incurred for the purpose of financing all or part of the costs of the 
acquisition, construction, development, improvement, repair or expansion of any project 
(including costs such as escalation, interest during construction and financing and 
refinancing costs); provided that the property over which such Security Interest is granted 
consists solely of the property, assets or revenues of such project (including, without 
limitation, royalties and other similar payments accruing to the Emirate of Sharjah 
generated by the relevant project); and 
(g) 
any Security Interest arising in connection with the incurrence of Relevant Indebtedness 
as part of a Securitisation or any renewal or extension thereof;

--- Page 51 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
"Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock 
company, trust, unincorporated organisation, limited liability company or government or agency, 
or political subdivision thereof, or other entity; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means, in relation to any Person, any indebtedness of such Person which 
is in the form of or represented by any bond (including Shari'a-compliant certificates), note, loan 
stock, debenture or similar instrument which is, or is intended to be, or is capable of being, listed, 
traded or dealt in on any stock exchange or over the counter market; 
"Relevant Sukuk Obligation" means any undertaking or other obligation to pay any money given 
in connection with the issue of trust certificates whether or not in return for consideration of any 
kind where the trust certificates concerned are, or are intended to be, or are capable of being, listed, 
traded or dealt in on any stock exchange or over the counter market; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien or charge of 
any kind; and 
"Securitisation" means any securitisation (Shari'a-compliant or otherwise) of existing or future 
assets and/or revenues, provided that: (a) any Security Interest given by the Issuer in connection 
therewith is limited solely to the assets and/or revenues which are the subject of the securitisation; 
(b) each person participating in such securitisation expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the 
assets and/or revenues so securitised as the principal source of repayment for the money advanced 
or payment of any other liability; and (c) there is no other recourse to the Issuer in respect of any 
default by any person under the securitisation. 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in these Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the 
Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, 
as applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rates Notes, which are 
Registered Notes in definitive form, or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, 
which are Bearer Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention.

--- Page 52 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form 
is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed 
Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 
360. 
In these Conditions: 
"Calculation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or

--- Page 53 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these 
Conditions, "Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become 
payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(a)(ii), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (C) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (a) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(b) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means: 
(1) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than the 
TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
if "TARGET2 System" is specified as an Additional Business 
Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 System") is 
open; and 
(3) 
either (x) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency 
other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country

--- Page 54 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (y) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where "ISDA Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for 
that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on 
the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest 
in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A)

--- Page 55 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the 
preceding paragraph. 
In these Conditions 
"Reference Rate" means one of the following benchmark rates (specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) in respect of the Specified Currency and period specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: (a) LIBOR; (b) EURIBOR; (c) KIBOR; (d) 
SHIBOR; (e) HIBOR; (f) KLIBOR; (g) SIBOR; (h) EIBOR; and (i) SAIBOR; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the applicable Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there 
for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
and 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 5.2, if the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms when any Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by such Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine no later than five Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-Off Date"), a Successor Rate or, 
alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread for the purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes; 
(ii) 
if (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (B) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate and/or, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 5.2(c) prior to the relevant 
IA Determination Cut-Off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may elect to determine the Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread itself for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes or, if applicable, 
any Benchmark Amendments, to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (with the relevant provisions in this Condition 5.2(c) applying 
mutatis mutandis) to allow such determinations to be made by the Issuer without 
consultation with the Independent Adviser; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate 
or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the 
Reference Rate for each of the future Interest Periods in respect of such Notes 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 5.2(c)); 
(iv) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread), if any, shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be); and

--- Page 56 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
(v) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(c) and the Independent Adviser 
(following consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner), as applicable, determines: (A) that 
amendments to these Conditions (including, without limitation, amendments to 
the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, Business Day Convention, 
Interest Determination Date or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"); and (B) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then, at the direction and expense of 
the Issuer and subject to delivery of a notice in accordance with Condition 
5.2(c)(vi): (x) the Issuer shall vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice; and 
(y) the Agents shall (at the Issuer's expense), without any requirement for the 
consent or sanction of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in 
effecting such Benchmark Amendments. For the avoidance of doubt, no Agent 
shall be liable to the Noteholders or any other person for so acting or relying on 
such notice, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any such Noteholder or person; 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, give notice to the Agents (such notice to be delivered 
not less than 10 Business Days prior to the date on which such Benchmark 
Amendments are due to come into effect) and, in accordance with Condition 14, 
the Noteholders confirming: (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred; (B) the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); (C) any applicable 
Adjustment Spread; and (D) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any); 
(vii) 
if, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component thereof) on the 
immediately following Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this 
provision, then the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) shall 
be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this 
5.2(c)(vii) shall apply to the relevant immediately following Interest Period only 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of and 
to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.2(c); and 
(viii) 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(c) shall act and 
make all determinations pursuant to this Condition 5.2(c) in good faith and the 
Independent Adviser shall act as an expert. In the absence of bad faith, wilful 
default or fraud, neither the Independent Adviser nor the Issuer shall have any 
liability whatsoever to the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders in connection with any determination made by 
it or, in the case of the Independent Adviser, for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 
5.2(c).  
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(c): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero), or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 57 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the relevant 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate) the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) 
determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
relevant Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) determines 
that no such spread, formula or methodology is customarily applied) the 
Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the relevant Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate 
(as the case may be); or 
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) determines 
that there is no such industry standard) the Independent Adviser (following 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in their sole discretion to 
be appropriate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) determines, in accordance 
with this Condition 5.2(c), is customarily applied in international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in their sole discretion is 
most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Event" means: (i) the relevant Reference Rate ceasing to be published or 
ceasing to exist for at least five Business Days; or (ii) public statement by the administrator 
of the relevant Reference Rate that the relevant Reference Rate is (or will be deemed by 
such administrator to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(iii) a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has 
ceased or that it will cease publishing the relevant Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the relevant Reference Rate); or (iv) a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate, that the relevant Reference 
Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or (v) a public statement 
by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate as a consequence of 
which the relevant Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or 
in respect of the Notes; or (vi) it has become unlawful for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the relevant Reference Rate, provided that, (x) in the case of (ii) above, the Benchmark 
Event shall occur on the date with effect from which the relevant Reference Rate will no 
longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant administrator to no longer be) representative 
of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement; 
and (y) in the case of (iii), (iv) and (v) above, the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date 
of the cessation of publication of the relevant Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the 
relevant Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the relevant Reference Rate, as the 
case may be, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement; 
"Financial Stability Board" means the organisation established by the Group of Twenty 
(G20) in April 2009;

--- Page 58 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at the Issuer's 
expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank 
for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of: (A) the central bank for the currency to which 
the Reference Rate relates; (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; (C) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities; or (D) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer, as applicable, determines is a successor to or replacement of the 
relevant Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body. 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. The Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note, or 
(ii) Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of (A) the Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered 
Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding.

--- Page 59 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= [360 x (Y2 –Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= [360 x (Y2 –Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 60 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction= [360 x (Y2 –Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate.

--- Page 61 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate 
of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. For 
the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
general business in London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2, whether by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall (in the absence of manifest or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of manifest or proven 
error) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8.

--- Page 62 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including 
the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount 
of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is 
less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the 
Paying Agent to which it was presented. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect 
of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at 
the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by 
transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") (i) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on

--- Page 63 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. For these 
purposes, "Designated Account" means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese 
yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case 
of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) 
any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the 
due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on 
the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date 
(the "Record Date"). Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption 
and the final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the nominal 
amount of such Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in 
respect of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by 
transfer by the Principal Paying Agent to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the 
Exchange Agent for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars unless the participant in DTC 
with an interest in the Notes has elected to receive any part of such payment in that Specified 
Currency, in the manner specified in the Agency Agreement and in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of DTC. All costs of any such conversion into U.S. dollars will be 
borne by the relevant Noteholder by deduction from any payments to be made to such Noteholder 
hereunder. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by 
the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes may be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other

--- Page 64 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than the TARGET2 System) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
if "TARGET2 System" is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Note denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its 
nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) has made no election and will receive any part of such payment 
in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not authorised or required by law or 
regulation to be closed in New York City and London. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
8; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(e) 
the Clean Up Call Optional Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
8.

--- Page 65 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and the Principal Paying Agent, 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not 
more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed 
Notes") will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes be selected 
individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, and (ii) in the case 
of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify 
a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the 
Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in 
respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 2.2. If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note 
will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the 
holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of 
such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and DTC (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, DTC or any Common Depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to the 
Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and DTC from time to time.

--- Page 66 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.3 shall 
be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.3 and instead to give written notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent to declare such Note forthwith due and payable subject to, and in 
accordance with, Condition 10. 
7.4 
Dissolution at the Option of the Government (Clean Up Call Right) 
If Clean Up Call Right is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 75 per 
cent. or more of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed 
and/or purchased and cancelled pursuant to this Condition 7, the Issuer may having given not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the "Clean Up Call Right Date")) and the 
Principal Paying Agent redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at the Clean Up Call Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final 
Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Clean Up Call Right 
Date. 
7.5 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 10: 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; 
"AY" 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
"y" 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 365). 
7.6 
Purchases 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, 
all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in 
the open market or otherwise. All Notes so purchased will be surrendered to a Paying Agent or the 
Registrar for cancellation. The Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer, shall 
not entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be

--- Page 67 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of the Noteholders or for the 
purposes of Condition 15. 
7.7 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.6 (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying 
Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.8 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3 or 7.4 or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided 
in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.5(b) as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made in the Specified Currency without set-off or counterclaim of any kind and free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any Taxes of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by, within or on behalf of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction, unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders or Couponholders of such 
amounts as would have been receivable by them, had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amount shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
held by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of having some connection with a Relevant Jurisdiction other than the 
mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the relevant Noteholder or Couponholder would have been 
entitled to such additional amount if it presented the relevant Note or Coupon for payment 
on the last day of such period of 30 days, assuming that day to have been a Payment Day 
(as defined in Condition 6.6). 
In these Conditions: 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the Emirate of Sharjah, the UAE or any political subdivision or 
authority thereof or therein having the power to tax; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, the date on which the payment in question 
first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys has been so received or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which 
notice is duly given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 that, upon further presentation 
or surrender, as applicable, of the relevant Note or Coupon being made in accordance with these 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation or surrender, as applicable; and

--- Page 68 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
"Taxes" means any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other 
charges of whatever nature. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless presented for 
payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 
or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
default is made by the Issuer in the payment of the principal of, or any interest on, any of 
the Notes when due and the default continues for a period of 14 Business Days; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any one or more of its other obligations or 
undertakings in respect of the Notes and either such default is not capable of remedy or 
such default (if capable of remedy) is not remedied within 30 days after written notice of 
such default shall have been given to the Issuer by any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer is not paid when due nor within any originally 
applicable grace period or any such Financial Indebtedness is declared to be or otherwise 
becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default 
(howsoever described) provided, however, that it shall not constitute an Event of Default 
under this paragraph (iii) unless the aggregate amount of all such Financial Indebtedness 
shall be more than U.S.$30,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); 
or 
(d) 
any execution, distress, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, 
sued out or put in force against, or an encumbrancer takes possession of, the whole or any 
substantial part of the property, undertaking or assets of the Issuer or any event occurs 
which under the laws of any jurisdiction has a similar or analogous effect, and any such 
event is not discharged within 30 days; or 
(e) 
the Issuer fails to comply with or pay any sum which amount shall not be less than U.S. 
$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) due from it under any 
final non-appealable judgment or any final non-appealable order made or given by any 
court of competent jurisdiction and such failure continues for a period of 60 days following 
the service by any Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be 
paid/remedied; or 
(f) 
the Issuer enters into an arrangement with its creditors generally for the rescheduling or 
postponement of any Financial Indebtedness, as a result of its inability or potential 
inability to fulfil its obligations to them, or a moratorium on the payment of all or any part 
of the Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer is declared; or 
(g) 
the Issuer repudiates or challenges the valid, legal, binding and enforceable nature of any, 
or any part, of the Notes, the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant or causes to be 
done any act or thing evidencing an intention to repudiate or challenge the valid, legal, 
binding and enforceable nature of any, or any part, of the Notes, the Agency Agreement 
or the Deed of Covenant, or if the validity of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, the 
Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant is contested by the Issuer or the Issuer denies 
any of its obligations under the Notes, the Agency Agreement or the Deed of Covenant; 
or 
(h) 
at any time it is or will become unlawful or impossible for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with any or all of its obligations under the Notes, the Agency Agreement or the Deed of

--- Page 69 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
Covenant or any of the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, the Agency Agreement 
or the Deed of Covenant are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable; or 
(i) 
any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order 
to: (A) enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply 
with its obligations under and in respect of the Notes, the Agency Agreement or the Deed 
of Covenant; or (B) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable, is not taken, fulfilled or done, 
then the holders of not less than 25 per cent. in aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
may, by notice in writing to the Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent), declare all the 
Notes immediately due and payable, at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest (if any), without further formality. Upon such declaration by the Noteholders, the Issuer 
shall give notice thereof to the holders of Notes in accordance with Condition 14 (with a copy to 
the Principal Paying Agent). 
If the Issuer receives notice in writing from the holders of at least 50 per cent. in aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes to the effect that the Event of Default or Events of Default 
giving rise to any above-mentioned declaration is or are cured following any such declaration and 
that such holders wish the relevant declaration to be withdrawn, the Issuer shall give notice thereof 
to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) whereupon the relevant declaration 
shall be withdrawn and shall have no further effect but without prejudice to any other rights or 
obligations which may have arisen before the Issuer gives such notice. 
In these Conditions, "Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed; 
(b) 
any amount drawn on any acceptance credit facility; 
(c) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, trust 
certificates, debentures, loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would 
be treated as a finance or capital lease in accordance with the accounting standards, 
policies and procedures published from time to time by the International Accounting 
Standards Committee or any successor; 
(e) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); 
(f) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any Shari'a-compliant financing, 
forward sale or purchase agreement, sale and sale back or sale and leaseback agreement) 
having the commercial effect of either a borrowing or a drawing under a credit facility; 
(g) 
to the extent not otherwise included in this definition, the amount of any liability in respect 
of any repurchase or put option arrangement entered into in connection with any 
Securitisation; 
(h) 
any counter indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; and 
(i) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items 
referred to in paragraphs (a) to (h) (inclusive) above. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence

--- Page 70 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional 
Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will 
be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional 
or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange 
Agent with a specified office in London. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5. Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged 
or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its 
assets to become the successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 9. 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in the Republic of Ireland (which is 
expected to be the Irish Times) or published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or, if in either case such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language newspaper having general circulation 
in Europe. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for 
the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the 
website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to 
be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been

--- Page 71 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such 
websites the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any 
Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and 
the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on 
the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said notice was given to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). 
Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder 
of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
15.1 
Convening Meetings of Noteholders; Conduct of Meetings of Noteholders; Written Resolutions 
(a) 
The Issuer may convene a meeting of the Noteholders at any time in respect of the Notes 
in accordance with the Agency Agreement and will determine the time and place of the 
meeting. The Issuer will notify the Noteholders of the time, place and purpose of the 
meeting not less than 21 and not more than 45 days before the meeting. 
(b) 
The Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent, on behalf of and under the instruction of the 
Issuer, will convene a meeting of Noteholders if the holders of at least 10 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the outstanding Notes (as defined in the Agency Agreement and 
described in Condition 15.9) have delivered a written request to the Issuer or the Principal 
Paying Agent (with a copy to the Issuer) setting out the purpose of the meeting. The 
Principal Paying Agent will agree the time and place of the meeting with the Issuer 
promptly. The Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be, will notify the 
Noteholders within ten days of receipt of such written request of the time and place of the 
meeting, which shall take place not less than 21 and not more than 45 days after the date 
on which such notification is given (in each case exclusive of the day on which the notice 
is given and the day on which the meeting is to be held). 
(c) 
The Issuer (with the agreement of the Principal Paying Agent) will set out the procedures 
governing the conduct of any meeting in accordance with the Agency Agreement. If the 
Agency Agreement does not include such procedures, or additional procedures are 
required, the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent will agree such procedures as are 
customary in the market and in such a manner as to facilitate any multiple series 
aggregation, if in relation to a Reserved Matter the Issuer proposes any modification to 
the terms and conditions of, or action with respect to, two or more series of debt securities 
issued by it. 
(d) 
The notice convening any meeting will specify, inter alia; 
(i) 
the date, time and location of the meeting;

--- Page 72 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the agenda and the text of any Extraordinary Resolution to be proposed for 
adoption at the meeting; 
(iii) 
the record date for the meeting, which shall be no more than five business days 
before the date of the meeting; 
(iv) 
the documentation required to be produced by a Noteholder in order to be entitled 
to participate at the meeting or to appoint a proxy to act on the Noteholder's behalf 
at the meeting; 
(v) 
any time deadline and procedures required by any relevant international and/or 
domestic clearing systems or similar through which the Notes are traded and/or 
held by Noteholders; 
(vi) 
whether Condition 15.2, Condition 15.3 or Condition 15.4 shall apply and, if 
relevant, in relation to which other series of debt securities it applies; 
(vii) 
if the proposed modification or action relates to two or more series of debt 
securities issued by the Issuer and contemplates such series of debt securities 
being aggregated in more than one group of debt securities, a description of the 
proposed treatment of each such group of debt securities; 
(viii) 
such information that is required to be provided by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 15.6; 
(ix) 
the identity of the Aggregation Agent and the Claims Calculation Agent (each as 
defined in these Conditions), if any, for any proposed modification or action to 
be voted on at the meeting, and the details of any applicable methodology referred 
to in Condition 15.7; and 
(x) 
any additional procedures which may be necessary and, if applicable, the 
conditions under which a multiple series aggregation will be deemed to have been 
satisfied if it is approved as to some but not all of the affected series of debt 
securities. 
(e) 
In addition, the Agency Agreement contains provisions relating to Written Resolutions 
and Electronic Consents (as defined in Condition 15.12). All information to be provided 
pursuant to Condition 15.1(d) shall also be provided, mutatis mutandis, in respect of 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consents. 
(f) 
A "record date" in relation to any proposed modification or action means the date fixed 
by the Issuer for determining the Noteholders and, in the case of a multiple series 
aggregation, the holders of debt securities of each other affected series that are entitled to 
vote on a Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution or a Multiple Series Two 
Limb Extraordinary Resolution, or to sign a Multiple Series Single Limb Written 
Resolution or a Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution. 
(g) 
An "Extraordinary Resolution" means any of a Single Series Extraordinary Resolution, 
a Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution and/or a Multiple Series Two 
Limb Extraordinary Resolution, as the case may be. 
(h) 
A "Written Resolution" means any of a Single Series Written Resolution, a Multiple 
Series Single Limb Written Resolution and/or a Multiple Series Two Limb Written 
Resolution, as the case may be. 
(i) 
Any reference to "debt securities" means any notes (including, without limitation, the 
Notes), bonds, debentures or other debt securities or trust certificates issued directly or 
indirectly by the Issuer in one or more series with an original stated maturity of more than 
one year. 
(j) 
"Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation" means those debt securities which include or 
incorporate by reference this Condition 15 and Condition 16 or provisions substantially in

--- Page 73 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
these terms which provide for the debt securities which include such provisions to be 
capable of being aggregated for voting purposes with other series of debt securities. 
(k) 
"business day" shall mean a day on which banks are open for business in the city in which 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent is located. 
15.2 
Modification of this Series of Notes only 
(a) 
Any modification of any provision of, or any action in respect of, the Notes, these 
Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Deed of Covenant may be made or taken if 
approved by a Single Series Extraordinary Resolution or a Single Series Written 
Resolution as set out below. 
(b) 
A "Single Series Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with the procedures prescribed by the 
Issuer pursuant to Condition 15.1 by a majority of: 
(i) 
in the case of a Reserved Matter, at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the outstanding Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a matter other than a Reserved Matter, more than 50 per cent. of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
(c) 
A "Single Series Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed or confirmed 
in writing by or on behalf of the holders of: 
(i) 
in the case of a Reserved Matter, at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the outstanding Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a matter other than a Reserved Matter, more than 50 per cent. of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
Any Single Series Written Resolution may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed or confirmed in writing by or on behalf of one 
or more Noteholders. 
(d) 
Any Single Series Extraordinary Resolution duly passed or Single Series Written 
Resolution approved shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they attended any 
meeting, whether or not they voted in favour thereof and whether or not they signed or 
confirmed in writing any such Single Series Written Resolution, as the case may be, and 
on all Couponholders. 
15.3 
Multiple Series Aggregation – Single limb voting 
(a) 
In relation to a proposal that includes a Reserved Matter, any modification to the terms 
and conditions of, or any action with respect to, two or more series of Debt Securities 
Capable of Aggregation may be made or taken if approved by a Multiple Series Single 
Limb Extraordinary Resolution or by a Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution 
as set out below, provided that the Uniformly Applicable condition is satisfied. 
(b) 
A "Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution 
considered at separate meetings of the holders of each affected series of Debt Securities 
Capable of Aggregation, duly convened and held in accordance with the procedures 
prescribed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 15.1, as supplemented if necessary, which 
is passed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
outstanding debt securities of all affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation 
(taken in aggregate). 
(c) 
A "Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution" means each resolution in writing 
(with a separate resolution in writing or multiple separate resolutions in writing distributed 
to the holders of each affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation, in 
accordance with the applicable bond documentation) which, when taken together, has 
been signed or confirmed in writing by or on behalf of the holders of at least 75 per cent.

--- Page 74 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding debt securities of all affected series 
of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation (taken in aggregate). Any Multiple Series 
Single Limb Written Resolution may be contained in one document or several documents 
in substantially the same form, each signed or confirmed in writing by or on behalf of one 
or more Noteholders or one or more holders of each affected series of Debt Securities 
Capable of Aggregation. 
(d) 
Any Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution duly passed or Multiple Series 
Single Limb Written Resolution approved shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders 
of each other affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation, whether or not 
they attended any meeting, whether or not they voted in favour thereof, whether or not any 
other holder or holders of the same series voted in favour thereof and whether or not they 
signed or confirmed in writing any such Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution, 
as the case may be, and on all Couponholders and couponholders (where applicable) of 
each other affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation. 
(e) 
The "Uniformly Applicable" condition will be satisfied if: 
(i) 
the holders of all affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation are 
invited to exchange, convert, or substitute their debt securities, on the same terms, 
for (i) the same new instrument or other consideration or (ii) a new instrument, 
new instruments or other consideration from an identical menu of instruments or 
other consideration; or 
(ii) 
the amendments proposed to the terms and conditions of each affected series of 
Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation would, following implementation of such 
amendments, result in the amended instruments having identical provisions (other 
than provisions which are necessarily different, having regard to different 
currency of issuance). 
(f) 
It is understood that a proposal under Condition 15.3(c) will not be considered to satisfy 
the Uniformly Applicable condition if each exchanging, converting, substituting or 
amending holder of each affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation is not 
offered the same amount of consideration per amount of principal, the same amount of 
consideration per amount of interest accrued but unpaid and the same amount of 
consideration per amount of past due interest, respectively, as that offered to each other 
exchanging, converting, substituting or amending holder of each affected series of Debt 
Securities Capable of Aggregation (or, where a menu of instruments or other consideration 
is offered, each exchanging, converting, substituting or amending holder of each affected 
series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation is not offered the same amount of 
consideration per amount of principal, the same amount of consideration per amount of 
interest accrued but unpaid and the same amount of consideration per amount of past due 
interest, respectively, as that offered to each other exchanging, converting, substituting or 
amending holder of each affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation 
electing the same option from such menu of instruments). 
(g) 
Any modification or action proposed under Condition 15.3(a) may be made in respect of 
some series only of the Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the provisions described in this Condition 15.3 may be used for different groups of 
two or more series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation simultaneously. 
15.4 
Multiple Series Aggregation – Two limb voting 
(a) 
In relation to a proposal that includes a Reserved Matter, any modification to the terms 
and conditions of, or any action with respect to, two or more series of Debt Securities 
Capable of Aggregation may be made or taken if approved by a Multiple Series Two Limb 
Extraordinary Resolution or by a Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution as set out 
below. 
(b) 
A "Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution 
considered at separate meetings of the holders of each affected series of Debt Securities 
Capable of Aggregation, duly convened and held in accordance with the procedures

--- Page 75 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
prescribed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 15.1, as supplemented if necessary, which 
is passed by a majority of: 
(i) 
at least 66.2/3 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding debt 
securities of affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation (taken in 
aggregate); and 
(ii) 
more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding debt 
securities in each affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation (taken 
individually). 
(c) 
A "Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution" means each resolution in writing 
(with a separate resolution in writing or multiple separate resolutions in writing distributed 
to the holders of each affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation, in 
accordance with the applicable bond documentation) which, when taken together, has 
been signed or confirmed in writing by or on behalf of the holders of: 
(i) 
at least 66 2/3 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding debt 
securities of all the affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation 
(taken in aggregate); and 
(ii) 
more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding debt 
securities in each affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation (taken 
individually). 
Any Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution may be contained in one document or 
several documents in substantially the same form, each signed or confirmed in writing by 
or on behalf of one or more Noteholders or one or more holders of each affected series of 
Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation. 
(d) 
Any Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary Resolution duly passed or Multiple Series 
Two Limb Written Resolution approved shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders 
of each other affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation, whether or not 
they attended any meeting, whether or not they voted in favour thereof, whether or not any 
other holder or holders of the same series voted in favour thereof and whether or not they 
signed or confirmed in writing any such Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution, 
as the case may be, and on all Couponholders and couponholders (where applicable) of 
each other affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation. 
(e) 
Any modification or action proposed under Condition 15.4(a) may be made in respect of 
some series only of the Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the provisions described in this Condition 15.4 may be used for different groups of 
two or more series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation simultaneously. 
15.5 
Reserved Matters 
In these Conditions, "Reserved Matter" means any proposal: 
(a) 
to change the date, or the method of determining the date, for payment of principal, interest 
or any other amount in respect of the Notes, to reduce or cancel the amount of principal, 
interest or any other amount payable on any date in respect of the Notes or to change the 
method of calculating the amount of principal, interest or any other amount payable in 
respect of the Notes on any date; 
(b) 
to change the currency in which any amount due in respect of the Notes is payable or the 
place in which any payment is to be made; 
(c) 
to change the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, a Written Resolution 
or any other resolution of Noteholders or the number or percentage of votes required to be 
cast, or the number or percentage of Notes required to be held, in connection with the 
taking of any decision or action by or on behalf of the Noteholders or any of them;

--- Page 76 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
(d) 
to change this definition, or the definition of "Extraordinary Resolution", "Single Series 
Extraordinary Resolution", "Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution", 
"Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary Resolution", "Written Resolution", "Single 
Series Written Resolution", "Multiple Series Single Limb Written Resolution" or 
"Multiple Series Two Limb Written Resolution"; 
(e) 
to change the definition of "debt securities" or "Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation"; 
(f) 
to change the definition of "Uniformly Applicable"; 
(g) 
to change the definition of "outstanding" or to modify the provisions of Condition 15.9; 
(h) 
to change (A) the legal ranking of the Notes or (B) to approve such other arrangement by 
way of Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders as referred to in Condition 4; 
(i) 
to change any provision of the Notes describing circumstances in which Notes may be 
declared due and payable prior to their scheduled maturity date, set out in Condition 10(a); 
(j) 
to change the law governing the Notes, the courts to the jurisdiction of which the Issuer 
has submitted in the Notes, any of the arrangements specified in the Notes to enable 
proceedings to be taken or the Issuer's waiver of immunity, in respect of actions or 
proceedings brought by any Noteholder, set out in Condition 21; 
(k) 
to impose any condition on or otherwise change the Issuer's obligation to make payments 
of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Notes, including by way of the 
addition of a call option; 
(l) 
to modify the provisions of this Condition 15.5; 
(m) 
except as permitted by any related guarantee or security agreement, to release any 
agreement guaranteeing or securing payments under the Notes or to change the terms of 
any such guarantee or security; or 
(n) 
to exchange or substitute all the Notes for, or convert all the Notes into, other obligations 
or securities of the Issuer or any other person, or to modify any provision of these 
Conditions in connection with any exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the 
conversion of the Notes into, any other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other 
person, which would result in these Conditions as so modified being less favourable to the 
Noteholders which are subject to the Conditions as so modified than: 
(i) 
the provisions of the other obligations or debt securities of the Issuer or any other 
person resulting from the relevant exchange or substitution or conversion; or 
(ii) 
if more than one series of other obligations or debt securities results from the 
relevant exchange or substitution or conversion, the provisions of the resulting 
series of debt securities having the largest aggregate nominal amount. 
15.6 
Information 
(a) 
Prior to or on the date that the Issuer proposes any Extraordinary Resolution or Written 
Resolution pursuant to Condition 15.2, Condition 15.3 or Condition 15.4, the Issuer shall 
publish in accordance with Condition 16 (with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent) the 
following information: 
(i) 
a description of the Issuer's economic and financial circumstances which are, in 
the Issuer's opinion, relevant to the request for any potential modification or 
action, a description of the Issuer's existing debts and a description of its broad 
policy reform programme and provisional macroeconomic outlook; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer shall at the time have entered into an arrangement for financial 
assistance with multilateral and/or other major creditors or creditor groups and/or 
an agreement with any such creditors regarding debt relief, a description of any 
such arrangement or agreement. Where permitted under the information

--- Page 77 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
disclosure policies of the multilateral or such other creditors, as applicable, copies 
of the arrangement or agreement shall be provided; 
(iii) 
a description of the Issuer's proposed treatment of external debt securities that fall 
outside the scope of any multiple series aggregation and its intentions with respect 
to any other debt securities and its other major creditor groups; and 
(iv) 
if any proposed modification or action contemplates debt securities being 
aggregated in more than one group of debt securities, a description of the 
proposed treatment of each such group, as required for a notice convening a 
meeting of the Noteholders in Condition 15.1(d)(vii). 
15.7 
Claims Valuation 
For the purpose of calculating the par value of the Notes and any affected series of debt securities 
which are to be aggregated with the Notes in accordance with Condition 15.3 and Condition 15.4, 
the Issuer may appoint a calculation agent (for the purposes of this Condition 15 and Condition 16, 
the "Claims Calculation Agent"). The Issuer shall, with the approval of the Aggregation Agent 
and any appointed Claims Calculation Agent, promulgate the methodology in accordance with 
which the Claims Calculation Agent will calculate the par value of the Notes and such affected 
series of debt securities. In any such case where a Claims Calculation Agent is appointed, the same 
person will be appointed as the Claims Calculation Agent for the Notes and each other affected 
series of debt securities for these purposes, and the same methodology will be promulgated for 
each affected series of debt securities. 
15.8 
Manifest error, etc. 
The Notes, these Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement may be amended by the 
Issuer without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In 
addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the 
Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless in 
the opinion of the Issuer, such modification is (i) of a formal, minor or technical nature; or (ii) is 
made to correct a manifest error; or (iii) not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
and is other than in respect of a Reserved Matter. 
15.9 
Notes controlled by the Issuer 
For the purposes of (a) determining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders, the 
right to give an Electronic Consent, or the right to sign or confirm in writing, or authorise the 
signature of, any Written Resolution, (b) this Condition 15 and (c) Condition 10, any Notes which 
are for the time being held by or on behalf of the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, the Sharjah 
Finance Department, any other public sector instrumentality of the Government of the Emirate of 
Sharjah or by or on behalf of any Person which is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by the 
Government of the Emirate of Sharjah, the Sharjah Finance Department or by any other public 
sector instrumentality of the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah shall be disregarded and be 
deemed not to remain outstanding. 
A Note will also be deemed to be not outstanding if, in accordance with these Conditions, the Note 
has previously been cancelled or delivered for cancellation or held for reissuance but not reissued, 
or, where relevant, the Note has previously been called for redemption in accordance with its terms 
or previously become due and payable at maturity or otherwise and the Issuer has previously 
satisfied its obligations to make all payments due in respect of the Note in accordance with its 
terms. 
In advance of any meeting of Noteholders, or in connection with any Electronic Consent or Written 
Resolution, the Issuer shall provide to the Principal Paying Agent a copy of the certificate prepared 
pursuant to Condition 16.5, which includes information on the total number of Notes which are for 
the time being held by or behalf of the Government, the Sharjah Finance Department or any other 
public sector instrumentality of the Government (as the case may be) or by or on behalf of any 
Person which is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by the Government of the Emirate of 
Sharjah, the Sharjah Finance Department or by any other public sector instrumentality of the 
Government of the Emirate of Sharjah (as the case may be) and, as such, such Notes shall be

--- Page 78 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
disregarded and deemed not to remain outstanding for the purposes of ascertaining the right to 
attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders or the right to sign, or authorise the signature of, 
any Written Resolution in respect of any such meeting. The Principal Paying Agent shall make any 
such certificate available for inspection during normal business hours at its specified office and, 
upon reasonable request, will allow copies of such certificate to be taken. 
In these Conditions: 
"public sector instrumentality" means the Sharjah Finance Department, any agency, any other 
department or ministry of the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah or any corporation, trust, 
financial institution or other entity owned or controlled by the Government of the Emirate of 
Sharjah or any of the foregoing; and 
"control" means the power, directly or indirectly, through the ownership of voting securities or 
other ownership interests or through contractual control or otherwise, to direct the management of 
or elect or appoint a majority of the board of directors or other Persons performing similar functions 
in lieu of, or in addition to, the board of directors of a corporation, trust, financial institution or 
other entity. 
15.10 
Publication 
The Issuer shall publish all Extraordinary Resolutions and Written Resolutions which have been 
determined by the Aggregation Agent to have been duly passed in accordance with Condition 16.8. 
15.11 
Exchange and Conversion 
Any Extraordinary Resolutions or Written Resolutions which have been duly passed and which 
modify any provision of, or action in respect of, these Conditions may be implemented at the 
Issuer's option by way of a mandatory exchange or conversion of the Notes and each other affected 
series of debt securities, as the case may be, into new debt securities containing the modified terms 
and conditions if the proposed mandatory exchange or conversion of the Notes is notified to 
Noteholders at the time notification is given to the Noteholders as to the proposed modification or 
action. Any such exchange or conversion shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
15.12 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consents 
A Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, 
each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. 
For so long as any Notes are in the form of a global Note held on behalf of one or more of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any other clearing system (the "relevant clearing system(s)"), 
then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consent 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing 
system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures (i) by or on behalf of all 
Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of 
Noteholders or (ii) (where such holders have been given at least 21 days' notice of such 
resolution) by or on behalf of: 
(i) 
in respect of a proposal that falls within paragraphs (b) and (c) of Condition 15.2, 
the persons holding at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
outstanding Notes in the case of a Reserved Matter or more than 50 per cent. of 
the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes, in the case of a matter 
other than a Reserved Matter; 
(ii) 
in respect of a proposal that falls within paragraphs (b) and (c) of Condition 15.3, 
the persons holding at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
outstanding debt securities of all affected series of Debt Securities Capable of 
Aggregation (taken in aggregate); 
(iii) 
in respect of a proposal that falls within paragraphs (b) and (c) of Condition 15.4, 
(x) the persons holding at least 66⅔ per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of

--- Page 79 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
the outstanding debt securities of all affected series of Debt Securities Capable of 
Aggregation (taken in aggregate); and (y) the persons holding more than 50 per 
cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding debt securities in each 
affected series of Debt Securities Capable of Aggregation (taken individually), 
(in the case of (i), (ii) and (iii), each an "Electronic Consent") shall, for all purposes 
(including Reserved Matters) take effect as (A) a Single Series Extraordinary Resolution 
(in the case of (ii) above), (B) a Multiple Series Single Limb Extraordinary Resolution (in 
the case of (ii) above) or (C) a Multiple Series Two Limb Extraordinary Resolution (in the 
case of (iii) above), as applicable. 
The notice given to Noteholders shall specify, in sufficient detail to enable Noteholders to 
give their consents in relation to the proposed resolution, the method by which their 
consents may be given (including, where applicable, blocking of their accounts in the 
relevant clearing system(s)) and the time and date (the "Relevant Date") by which they 
must be received in order for such consents to be validly given, in each case subject to and 
in accordance with the operating rules and procedures of the relevant clearing system(s). 
If, on the Relevant Date on which the consents in respect of an Electronic Consent are first 
counted, such consents do not represent the required proportion for approval, the 
resolution shall, if the party proposing such resolution (the "Proposer") so determines, be 
deemed to be defeated. Alternatively, the Proposer may give a further notice to 
Noteholders that the resolution will be proposed again on such date and for such period as 
shall be agreed with the Issuer (unless the Issuer is the Proposer). Such notice must inform 
Noteholders that insufficient consents were received in relation to the original resolution 
and the information specified in the previous paragraph. For the purpose of such further 
notice, references to "Relevant Date" shall be construed accordingly. 
An Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a resolution proposed by the Issuer 
which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly convened above, unless 
that meeting is or shall be cancelled or dissolved. 
(b) 
Where Electronic Consent has not been sought, for the purposes of determining whether 
a Written Resolution has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent 
or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer (i) by accountholders in the relevant 
clearing system(s) with entitlements to any global Note and/or (ii) where the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent 
from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for 
whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any 
such consent or instruction, the Issuer and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on any 
certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (i) above, the relevant clearing 
system(s) and, in the case of (ii) above, the relevant clearing system(s) and the 
accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system(s). Any such certificate or other 
document (i) shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes and (ii) may comprise any 
form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing 
system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline 
system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a 
particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the 
amount of such holding. None of the Issuer or any Agent shall be liable to any person by 
reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document 
to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be 
forged or not authentic. 
All information to be provided pursuant to paragraph (d) of Condition 15.1 shall also be provided, 
mutatis mutandis, in respect of Written Resolutions and Electronic Consents. 
A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent (i) shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution 
and (ii) will be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, whether or not they participated in 
such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent, even if the relevant consent or instruction 
proves to be defective.

--- Page 80 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
16. 
AGGREGATION AGENT; AGGREGATION PROCEDURES 
16.1 
Appointment 
The Issuer will appoint an aggregation agent (the "Aggregation Agent") to calculate whether a 
proposed modification or action has been approved by the required nominal amount outstanding 
of Notes, and, in the case of a multiple series aggregation, by the required nominal amount of 
outstanding debt securities of each affected series of debt securities. In the case of a multiple series 
aggregation, the same person will be appointed as the Aggregation Agent for the proposed 
modification of any provision of, or any action in respect of, these Conditions or the Agency 
Agreement in respect of the Notes and in respect of the terms and conditions or bond 
documentation in respect of each other affected series of debt securities. The Aggregation Agent 
shall be independent of the Issuer. 
16.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
If an Extraordinary Resolution has been proposed at a duly convened meeting of Noteholders to 
modify any provision of, or action in respect of, these Conditions and other affected series of debt 
securities, as the case may be, the Aggregation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time the 
vote is cast, calculate whether holders of a sufficient portion of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the outstanding Notes and, where relevant, each other affected series of debt securities, have voted 
in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution such that the Extraordinary Resolution is passed. If so, 
the Aggregation Agent will determine that the Extraordinary Resolution has been duly passed. 
16.3 
Written Resolutions 
If a Written Resolution has been proposed under the terms of these Conditions to modify any 
provision of, or action in respect of, these Conditions and the terms and conditions of other affected 
series of debt securities, as the case may be, the Aggregation Agent will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the relevant Written Resolution has been signed or confirmed in writing, calculate 
whether holders of a sufficient portion of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes 
and, where relevant, each other affected series of debt securities, have signed or confirmed in 
writing in favour of the Written Resolution such that the Written Resolution is passed. If so, the 
Aggregation Agent will determine that the Written Resolution has been duly passed. 
16.4 
Electronic Consents 
If approval of a resolution proposed under the terms of these Conditions to modify any provision 
of, or action in respect of, these Conditions and the terms and conditions of other affected series of 
debt securities, as the case may be, is proposed to be given by way of Electronic Consent, the 
Aggregation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after the relevant Electronic Consent 
has been given, calculate whether holders of a sufficient portion of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the outstanding Notes and, where relevant, each other affected series of debt securities, have 
consented to the resolution by way of Electronic Consent such that the resolution is approved. If 
so, the Aggregation Agent will determine that the resolution has been duly approved. 
16.5 
Certificate 
For the purposes of Condition 16.2 and Condition 16.3, the Issuer will provide a certificate to the 
Aggregation Agent up to three days prior to, and in any case no later than, with respect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution, the date of the meeting referred to in Condition 15.2, Condition 15.3 or 
Condition 15.4, as applicable, and, with respect to a Written Resolution, the date arranged for the 
signing of the Written Resolution. 
The certificate shall: 
(a) 
list the total nominal amount of Notes and, in the case of a multiple series aggregation, the 
total nominal amount of each other affected series of debt securities outstanding on the 
record date; and 
(b) 
clearly indicate the Notes and, in the case of a multiple series aggregation, debt securities 
of each other affected series of debt securities which shall be disregarded and deemed not 
to remain outstanding as a consequence of Condition 15.9 on the record date identifying

--- Page 81 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
the holders of the Notes and, in the case of a multiple series aggregation, debt securities 
of each other affected series of debt securities. 
The Aggregation Agent may rely upon the terms of any certificate, notice, communication or other 
document believed by it to be genuine. 
16.6 
Notification 
The Aggregation Agent will cause each determination made by it for the purposes of this Condition 
16 to be notified to the Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer as soon as practicable after such 
determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
16.7 
Binding nature of determinations; no liability 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 16 by the Aggregation Agent 
and any appointed Claims Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on 
the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability 
to any such person will attach to the Aggregation Agent or the Claims Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non- exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
16.8 
Manner of publication 
The Issuer will publish all notices and other matters required to be published pursuant to this 
Condition 16, including any matters required to be published pursuant to Condition 10, Condition 
15 and Condition 17: 
(a) 
through the systems of Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear, DTC and/or any other 
international or domestic clearing system(s) through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared and otherwise in accordance with Condition 14; 
(b) 
in such other places and in such other manner as may be required by applicable law or 
regulation; and 
(c) 
in such other places and in such other manner as may be customary. 
17. 
NOTEHOLDERS' COMMITTEE 
17.1 
Appointment 
(a) 
Holders of at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding debt 
securities of all series of affected debt securities (taken in aggregate) (the "Relevant 
Securities") may, by notice in writing to the Issuer (with a copy to the Principal Paying 
Agent), appoint any person or persons as a committee to represent the interests of such 
holders (as well as the interests of any holders of outstanding debt securities who wish to 
be represented by such a committee) if any of the following events has occurred: 
(i) 
an Event of Default under Condition 10; 
(ii) 
any event or circumstance which could, with the giving of notice, lapse of time, 
the issuing of a certificate and/or fulfilment of any other requirement provided for 
in Condition 10 become an Event of Default; 
(iii) 
any public announcement by the Issuer, to the effect that the Issuer is seeking or 
intends to seek a rescheduling or restructuring of the Notes or any other Relevant 
Securities (whether by amendment, exchange offer or otherwise); or 
(iv) 
with the agreement of the Issuer, at a time when the Issuer has reasonably reached 
the conclusion that its debt may no longer be sustainable whilst the Notes or any 
other Relevant Securities are outstanding.

--- Page 82 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
(b) 
Upon receipt of a written notice that a committee has been appointed in accordance with 
Condition 17.1(a), and a certificate delivered pursuant to Condition 17.4, the Issuer shall 
give notice of the appointment of such a committee to: 
(i) 
all Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; and 
(ii) 
the holders of each series of Relevant Securities in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of such series of Relevant Securities, as soon as practicable after such 
written notice and such certificate are delivered to the Issuer. 
17.2 
Powers 
Such committee in its discretion may, among other things: 
(a) 
engage legal advisers and financial advisers to assist it in representing the interests of the 
holders of the Relevant Securities (including the Noteholders); 
(b) 
adopt such rules as it considers appropriate regarding its proceedings; 
(c) 
enter into discussions with the Issuer and/or other creditors of the Issuer; and 
(d) 
designate one or more members of the committee to act as the main point(s) of contact 
with the Issuer and provide all relevant contact details to the Issuer. 
Except to the extent provided in this Condition 17.2, such committee shall not have the ability to 
exercise any powers or discretions which the holders of all series of the Relevant Securities 
(including the Noteholders) could themselves exercise. 
17.3 
Engagement with the committee and provision of information 
(a) 
The Issuer shall: 
(i) 
subject to Condition 17.3(b), engage with the committee in good faith; 
(ii) 
provide the committee with information equivalent to that required under 
Condition 15.6 and related proposals, if any, in each case as the same become 
available, subject to any applicable information disclosure policies, rules and 
regulations; and 
(iii) 
pay any properly documented fees and expenses of any such committee 
(including without limitation, the reasonable and properly documented fees and 
expenses of the committee's legal and financial advisers, if any) following receipt 
of detailed invoices and supporting documentation. 
(b) 
If more than one committee has been appointed by holders of one or more series of 
Relevant Securities in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 17 and/or 
equivalent provisions set out in the terms and conditions of any such Relevant Securities, 
the Issuer shall not be obliged to engage with such committees separately. Such 
committees may appoint a single steering group (to be comprised of representatives from 
such committees), whereupon the Issuer shall engage with such steering group. 
17.4 
Certification 
Upon the appointment of a committee, the person or persons constituting such a committee (the 
"Members") will provide a certificate to the Issuer and to the Principal Paying Agent signed by 
the authorised representatives of the Members, and the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent may 
rely upon the terms of such certificate. 
The certificate shall certify: 
(a) 
that the committee has been appointed; 
(b) 
the identity of the Members; and

--- Page 83 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
(c) 
that such appointment complies with the terms and conditions of the relevant bond 
documentation. 
Promptly after any change in the identity of the Members, a new certificate which each of the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent may rely on conclusively, will be delivered to the Issuer and 
the Principal Paying Agent identifying the new Members. Each of the Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent will assume that the membership of the committee has not changed unless and until 
it has received a new certificate. 
The provisions of this Condition 17.4 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to any steering group 
appointed in accordance with Condition 17.3(b). 
In appointing a person or persons as a committee to represent the interests of the Noteholders, the 
Noteholders may instruct a representative or representatives of the committee to form a separate 
committee or to join a steering group with any person or persons appointed for similar purposes by 
other affected series of debt securities. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes; provided that any additional Notes having the same 
CUSIP, ISIN or other identifying number of outstanding Notes or any Series must be fungible with 
such outstanding Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes if either the outstanding Notes or the 
additional Notes were or are issued under Rule 144A. 
19. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
The Specified Currency is the sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by the 
Issuer under or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, including damages. Any amount 
received or recovered in a currency other than the Specified Currency (whether as a result of, or of 
the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction or otherwise) by any 
Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it 
from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount of the 
Specified Currency which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or 
recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable 
to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that 
amount of Specified Currency is less than the amount of Specified Currency expressed to be due 
to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained 
by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making 
any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it will be sufficient for the Noteholder or 
Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual 
purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the 
Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply 
irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in 
full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in 
respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon, as the case may be, or any other judgement or 
order. 
20. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 84 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
21. 
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
21.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are and shall be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, English law. 
21.2 
Agreement to arbitrate 
Subject to Condition 21.3, any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising out of, relating to 
or having any connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including any dispute as to their 
existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them) (a "Dispute") shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the 
Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration (the "Rules"), which Rules (as 
amended from time to time) are incorporated by reference into this Condition. For these purposes: 
(a) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London; 
(b) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be an attorney experienced in 
international securities transactions. The claimant(s), irrespective of number, shall 
nominate jointly one arbitrator; the respondent(s), irrespective of number, shall nominate 
jointly the second arbitrator, and a third arbitrator (who shall act as presiding arbitrator) 
shall be nominated by the arbitrators nominated by or on behalf of the claimant(s) and 
respondent(s) or, in the absence of agreement on the third arbitrator within 30 days of the 
date of nomination of the later of the two party-nominated arbitrators to be nominated, the 
third arbitrator shall be chosen by the LCIA Court (as defined in the Rules); and 
(c) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
21.3 
Option to litigate 
Notwithstanding Condition 21.2, any Noteholder or Couponholder may, in the alternative, and at 
its sole discretion, by notice in writing to the Issuer: 
(a) 
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration (as defined in the Rules); or 
(b) 
in the event no arbitration is commenced, 
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law (a "Notice to Litigate"). If any Noteholder 
or Couponholder gives a Notice to Litigate, the Dispute to which such notice refers shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 21.4 and any arbitration commenced under 
Condition 21.2 in respect of that Dispute will be terminated. Each person who gives such 
notice and the recipient of that notice will bear its own costs in relation to the terminated 
arbitration. 
21.4 
Effect of exercise of an option to litigate 
In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 21.3 is issued, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (c) below, the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any Dispute and the Issuer submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(b) 
the Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts 
to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary; and 
(c) 
this Condition 21.4 is for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders only. As 
a result, and notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, to the extent allowed by law, 
any Noteholder or Couponholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, any

--- Page 85 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
Noteholder or Couponholder may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
21.5 
Waiver of immunity 
To the extent that the Issuer may claim for itself or its assets or revenues immunity from 
jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment proceedings, injunctions and all other legal or arbitral 
proceedings and relief and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be 
attributed to it or its assets or revenues, it will not claim and has irrevocably and unconditionally 
waived such immunity to the full extent permitted by the laws of that jurisdiction in relation to any 
Proceedings or Disputes. Further, the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the giving 
of any relief or the issue of any legal or arbitral proceedings, including, without limitation, 
jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment proceedings and injunctions in connection with any 
Proceedings or Disputes. 
21.6 
Agent for Service of Process 
The Issuer has irrevocably appointed Maples and Calder at its registered office at 11th Floor, 200 
Aldersgate Street, London, EC1A 4HD, United Kingdom to receive, for it and on its behalf, service 
of process in respect of any Proceedings or Disputes in England. Such service shall be deemed 
completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by the 
Issuer). If for any reason such agent shall cease to be such agent for service of process, the Issuer 
shall forthwith appoint a new agent for service of process in England and notify the Noteholders 
of such appointment in accordance with Condition 16 within 30 days. Nothing herein shall affect 
the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
21.7 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar 
to those set out above.

--- Page 86 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its domestic budgetary purposes. 
If there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 87 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE EMIRATE OF SHARJAH 
Introduction 
The Emirate of Sharjah ("Sharjah" or the "Emirate") is one of seven emirates which together comprise 
the Federation of the United Arab Emirates (the "Federation"). The Federation was established on 
2 December 1971. On formation, the Federation comprised the following emirates: Abu Dhabi, Dubai, 
Sharjah, Ajman, Umm Al Quwain and Fujairah. Ras Al Khaimah joined in February 1972. Abu Dhabi is 
the capital city of the UAE. The President of the UAE is His Highness ("H.H.") Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed 
Al Nahyan, who is also the ruler of Abu Dhabi. H.H. Sheikh Dr. Sultan Bin Mohammed Al Qasimi 
("H.H. The Ruler") became the ruler of Sharjah in 1972 and was appointed to the Supreme Council (as 
defined below).5 
Location 
 
Sharjah is the third-largest emirate in the UAE. Sharjah borders the Arabian Gulf to the west and shares 
land borders with all of the other six emirates. The Emirate comprises a main territory, incorporating 
Sharjah City and the less densely populated Central Region, and three exclaves on the UAE's east coast 
(Khorfakkan, Dibba Al-Hisn and Kalba), which each provide access to the Arabian Sea and the Indian 
Ocean through the Gulf of Oman. The island of Sir Bu Nair also forms part of Sharjah. In total, Sharjah 
covers an area of 2,590 square kilometres, or 3.3 per cent. of the UAE's total area (excluding islands). 
The main city of Sharjah, Sharjah City, is situated between the emirates of Dubai and Ajman on the five 
kilometre deep salt strip running along the west coast. Sharjah City is located around 170 kilometres from 
the UAE's capital of Abu Dhabi. The length of the coastline falling under the Emirate is approximately 
30 kilometres in total, including a 16 kilometre continuous stretch on the Arabian Gulf around Sharjah City. 
The UAE as a whole extends along the south-east coast of the Arabian Gulf, from the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia to Ras Al Khaimah in the north and across parts of the Musandam peninsula to the Gulf of Oman 
in the east. The UAE covers an area of 83,699 square kilometres in total. 
History 
There is evidence of human settlement dating back to around 120,000 years ago, located in what is now 
present-day Sharjah (which means "rising sun" in Arabic). Graveyards and adjacent settlements have been 
found which point to Neolithic communities who lived there from 11,000 years ago. As early as the second 
 
5 
While the terms "Federal" and "Federation" are used in this description, the term "Union" may be more accurate based upon the 
definition (ittihad) which the founding fathers of the UAE gave in the 1971 Provisional Constitution of the UAE (as amended). 
However, in line with common parlance, the terms "Federal" and "Federation" are used throughout this description.

--- Page 88 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
century AD, a map drawn by the Greek geographer Ptolemy indicated the settlement of Sarcoa (where 
present-day Sharjah is located). 
The arrival of envoys from the Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) in 630 AD also added to the rich 
cultural heritage of the region. 
Sharjah's modern history began around 1727, when the Al Qasimi clan took over the area of present-day 
Sharjah and declared the polity independent. While European powers competed for regional supremacy 
during the eighteenth century (in order to control the lucrative trade routes in and around the Persian Gulf), 
a local power, the Qawasim, was gathering strength. At the beginning of the nineteenth century, the 
Qawasim had built up a fleet of over 60 large vessels and could put nearly 20,000 sailors to sea, eventually 
provoking a British offensive to control the maritime trade routes between the Arabian Gulf and India. 
Following the defeat of the Qawasim by the British, Sharjah and the other emirates of the current UAE each 
entered into a separate treaty with the British. Such a treaty was also motivated by a sense of resistance to 
the growing Ottoman imperial influence, which was beginning to make its presence felt in the area. Thus, 
on 8 January 1820, Sheikh Sultan bin Saqr Al Qasimi signed the General Maritime Treaty with Great 
Britain. The emirates eventually became collectively known as the Trucial States or Sheikhdoms and the 
area was generally known as the Trucial Coast. The Sheikhdoms were each led by a Sheikh, who typically 
belonged to the most influential tribe in that area (being the Al Qasimi dynasty in the case of Sharjah). In 
Sharjah, alongside fishing and trading, pearling was a primary income-generating industry that lasted into 
the late 1940s. The first international airport on the Trucial Coast was established in Sharjah in 1932. 
The British remained in the area until their withdrawal from the region in 1971. Steps were then taken by 
the rulers of the seven emirates to bring the individual Sheikhdoms together into a single Federation. This 
resulted in the formation of the Federation by six of the seven emirates of the UAE (including Sharjah) in 
December 1971, with Ras Al Khaimah joining in February 1972. 
In May 1976, the seven emirates agreed to merge their armed forces. In 1979, the ruler of Dubai, 
H.H. Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum, became Prime Minister of the Federal Government. 
H.H. Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan of Abu Dhabi served as President of the UAE from 1971 until 
his death in November 2004, when he was succeeded by his son, H.H. Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, 
as ruler of Abu Dhabi and President of the UAE. 
Population 
According to the FCSA, the UAE had a population of approximately 9.5 million in 2019. 
The population of the UAE has grown significantly since 1975, reflecting an influx of foreign labour, 
principally from the Indian subcontinent, as the emirates have developed. 
Recent population growth in Sharjah has been lower than in some of the other emirates. As a result, the 
population as a percentage of the UAE's population has decreased from approximately 20 per cent. in 2005 
to approximately 15 per cent. in 2015. The table below illustrates this growth since 1975. 
 
Sharjah 
population 
Total UAE 
population  
1975 ......................................................................................................................................... 
78,790 
557,887 
1980 ......................................................................................................................................... 
159,317 
1,042,099 
1985 ......................................................................................................................................... 
228,317 
1,379,303 
2005 ......................................................................................................................................... 
793,573 
4,106,247 
2015 ......................................................................................................................................... 
1,408,699 
9,104,000 
2019 (estimated) ....................................................................................................................... 
1,470,552 
9,503,738 
 _______________  
Source: Government internal sources, official census data for 1975, 1980, 1985, 2005 and 2015. 
In January 2017, the Sharjah Department of Statistics and Community Development published the Sharjah 
Census 2015. The official total population of Sharjah was 1,408,699 in 2015 and is estimated to be 
approximately 1,470,552 in 2019. This comprehensive study superseded the previous post-2005 data series, 
which was estimated according to the component methodology, using data on the number of births, deaths 
and migrants. According to the latest data published by the FCSA, UAE nationals officially make up less 
than 12 per cent. of the overall population of the UAE and 18.5 per cent. of the Emirate's population. In 
keeping with the rest of the UAE, expatriates resident in Sharjah are mainly from the Indian subcontinent 
and other Arab countries.

--- Page 89 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
Education and training are an important strategic focus for the Emirate (see further "The Economy of 
Sharjah — Infrastructure — Education" below). Based on the Sharjah Census 2015, for the population aged 
10 or more, approximately 26.8 per cent. of the active population had university or equivalent level degrees 
and a further 39.5 per cent. had completed secondary education. The Government believes that one of its 
key future challenges will be the creation of jobs for the local population and has undertaken initiatives 
with the Federal Government to educate and motivate young UAE nationals to join the workforce, with a 
particular emphasis on the private sector (see "The Economy of Sharjah — Infrastructure — Education"). 
Relationship between the UAE Constitution and Sharjah 
The UAE Constitution 
The original constitution of the UAE (the "Constitution") was provisional and established the legal 
framework for the Federation. The Constitution was made permanent pursuant to a constitutional 
amendment in May 1996 (which also confirmed Abu Dhabi as the permanent capital of the UAE). 
The major principle articulated by the Constitution in relation to the separation of powers between the 
Federation and the individual emirates is that, on specific legislative and executive matters (or solely 
legislative matters), competencies were conferred on the Federation, with each individual emirate 
remaining sovereign within its own territory on all residuary matters. 
Accordingly, pursuant to Articles 120 and 121 of the Constitution, the Federal Government has exclusive 
legislative and executive competence in relation to: foreign affairs; national security and defence; 
nationality and immigration; finance, taxation and public borrowing of the Federal Government; education; 
public health; postal, telephone and other communications services; and air traffic control and the licensing 
of aircraft. The UAE's monetary and exchange rate policy is also managed on a Federal basis by the UAE 
Central Bank. See further "Monetary and Financial System" below. 
Similarly, pursuant to Article 121 of the Constitution, the Federation has exclusive legislative (but not 
executive) competence in relation to, for example, labour relations, banks, insurance, major codal 
legislation, intellectual property protection, the delimitation of territorial waters, the extradition of criminals 
and the establishment and regulation of free trade zones. In relation to these competencies, the 
implementation of the Federal legislation is left to the executive authorities of each emirate. 
Article 122 of the Constitution confirms that "the Emirates shall have competence in relation to all matters 
where the Federation does not hold exclusive competence in accordance with the provisions of the 
preceding two Articles". 
Accordingly, the governments of the individual emirates retain flexibility in the governance and 
management of their own emirates. Examples of the sectors for which the Government has retained 
responsibility include its customs controls, local planning authorities and tourism. The natural resources 
and wealth in each emirate are considered to be the public property of that emirate. 
Federal Supreme Council 
The UAE is governed by the Supreme Council of the rulers of each of the emirates (the "Supreme 
Council"). This is the highest Federal governing body and consists of the rulers of the seven emirates. The 
Supreme Council elects, from its own membership, the President and the Vice President of the UAE (each 
for renewable five-year terms). The Supreme Council is vested with legislative as well as executive powers. 
It ratifies Federal laws and decrees, plans general policy and approves the appointment, resignation or 
dismissal of the Prime Minister. 
In 1971, the then-ruler of Abu Dhabi, H.H. Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, was elected as the first 
President of the UAE and was re-elected President for successive five-year terms until his death in 
November 2004. In 1971, the then-ruler of Dubai, H.H. Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum, was elected 
as the first Vice-President of the UAE and continued as Vice-President until his death in 1990. Both were 
succeeded by their respective Crown Princes, H.H. Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al Nahyan, who became ruler 
of the emirate of Abu Dhabi in 2004, and H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, who became 
the ruler of the emirate of Dubai in 2006 (after having succeeded his brother, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid 
Al Maktoum, who served as Ruler of Dubai following the death of H.H. Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al 
Maktoum); and were elected by the members of the Supreme Council to become, respectively, President 
(for the ruler of Abu Dhabi) and Vice-President (for the ruler of Dubai) of the UAE.

--- Page 90 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
H.H. The Ruler has represented Sharjah in the Supreme Council since becoming the ruler of Sharjah in 
1972. 
Federal Council of Ministers 
The Federal Council of Ministers (the "Cabinet") is described in the Constitution as "the executive 
authority" for the Federation and is responsible for implementing policy decisions of the Supreme Council. 
The Cabinet is the principal executive body of the Federation. Based in Abu Dhabi, the Cabinet is headed 
by the Prime Minister (H.H. Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum) and consists of his two Deputy 
Prime Ministers (H.H. Sheikh Saif bin Zayed Al Nahyan and H.H. Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan) 
and other ministers. These ministers are normally selected (for no fixed term) by the President of the 
Supreme Council on the recommendation of the Prime Minister. The Constitution defines the competencies 
of the Cabinet, which include the issuing of regulations, the preparation of draft laws and the drawing up 
of the annual Federal budget. 
Federal National Council 
The Federal National Council is a parliamentary body which comprises 40 members, all of whom are UAE 
nationals. Each emirate appoints members for a particular number of seats based on the emirate's population 
and geographical size. Abu Dhabi and Dubai have eight members each, Sharjah and Ras Al Khaimah have 
six members each and the other emirates have four members each. The nomination of representative 
members is left to the discretion of each emirate, and the members' legislative term is four calendar years. 
The members represent the UAE as a whole rather than their individual emirates. 
Presided over by a speaker, or two deputy speakers, elected from amongst its members, the Federal National 
Council has both a legislative and a supervisory role under the Constitution. This means that it is responsible 
for examining and, as appropriate, amending or rejecting all proposed Federal legislation, and is empowered 
to summon and to question any Federal minister regarding ministry performance. One of the main duties 
of the Federal National Council is to discuss the annual budget of the UAE. Although the Federal National 
Council can monitor and debate government policy, it has no veto or amendment power and cannot initiate 
any legislation by itself, and its amendments to, or rejection of, draft legislation placed before it can 
ultimately be overridden by the Supreme Council. 
In 2006, reforms were made with a view to enhancing public participation in indirect elections to the Federal 
National Council. Under these reforms, the ruler of each emirate will select an electoral college whose 
members should be at least 100 times the number of Federal National Council members for that emirate. 
The members of each college elect half of the Federal National Council members for their emirate, with 
the remainder being appointed by the relevant ruler. 
Legal and Court System 
There are three primary sources of law in the UAE, namely: 
• 
Federal laws and decrees applicable in all seven emirates; 
• 
local laws i.e. laws and regulations enacted by the emirates individually; and 
• 
Shari'a (Islamic) law. 
The secondary form of law is trade custom or practice. In the absence of Federal legislation on areas 
specifically reserved to Federal authority, the ruler or local government of each emirate will apply his or its 
own rules, regulations and practices. 
The Federal judiciary, whose independence is guaranteed under the Constitution, includes the Federal 
Supreme Court and Courts of First Instance of each emirate. The Federal Supreme Court consists of five 
judges appointed by the Supreme Council. The judges decide on the constitutionality of Federal laws and 
arbitrate on inter-emirate disputes and disputes between the Federal Government and the emirates. 
In accordance with the Constitution, three of the seven emirates (Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sharjah) have 
elected to maintain their own court system, separate from that of the UAE, and these courts have sole 
jurisdiction to hear cases brought in the respective emirates.

--- Page 91 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
Sharjah's judicial system mirrors the structure of the Federal judicial system and is comprised of a Court of 
First Instance, a Court of Appeal and a Court of Cassation. 
International Relations 
Pursuant to Article 120 of the Constitution, foreign policy and international relations are a Federal matter 
and, accordingly, Sharjah has no ability to enter into direct agreements with foreign governments other 
than, under certain conditions, "limited agreements of a local and administrative nature" with neighbouring 
states. 
The foreign policy of the UAE is based upon a set of guiding principles laid down by the UAE's first 
President, H.H. Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan. He derived these principles from his belief in the need 
for justice in international dealings between states, including the necessity of adhering to the principle of 
non-interference in the internal affairs of others and the pursuit, wherever possible, of peaceful resolution 
of disputes, together with support for international institutions, such as the United Nations (the "UN"). 
Within the Arabian Gulf region, and in the broader Arab world, the UAE has sought to enhance co-operation 
and to resolve disagreement through the pursuit of dialogue. Accordingly, one of the central features of the 
country's foreign policy has been the development of closer ties with its neighbours in the Arabian 
Peninsula. The Co-operation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf (colloquially known as the Gulf 
Co-operation Council) (the "GCC") region, which comprises the UAE, the State of Kuwait, the Kingdom 
of Saudi Arabia, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the State of Qatar and the Sultanate of Oman, was founded at a 
summit conference held in Abu Dhabi, in May 1981. 
At the broader level of the Arab world as a whole, the UAE is committed to building a sense of common 
purpose among both its people and its governments and, to this end, has supported the strengthening of 
common institutions, such as the Arab League. Beyond the Arab world, the UAE has pursued a policy of 
seeking, wherever possible, to build friendly relations with other nations, both in the developing and in the 
industrialised world. The UAE also maintains cordial relations with other regional states and has established 
good relations with the United States, China and the European Union as well as with various developing 
nations in Africa and many of the countries of the former Soviet Union. 
Since the establishment of the UAE, the country has played an active role in the provision of financial aid 
to developing countries and has been a contributor of emergency relief to countries and areas affected by 
conflict and natural disasters. Countries that have benefited in recent years from the UAE's financial aid 
include Pakistan, Palestine, Syria, Sudan, the Republic of Yemen, Bahrain and Egypt. The philosophy 
behind the aid policy is two-fold: first, the provision of help for the needy is a duty incumbent on all 
Muslims; and second, the country's policy on utilisation of the revenues from its oil and gas production has 
always included a component that they should be devoted, in part, to helping other countries that have fewer 
natural resources. 
The UAE is also an active participant in a number of multilateral aid-giving institutions, including the 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the IMF, the International Development Agency 
and regional bodies such as OPEC, the Fund for International Development, the Arab Gulf Fund for the 
UN, the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa, the Abu Dhabi based Arab Monetary Fund and 
the Islamic Development Bank. In addition, the UAE is a member of various other international 
organisations including, inter alia, the GCC, the UN, the Arab League, the Organisation of Islamic 
Countries, OPEC, the World Health Organisation (the "WHO"), the International Organisation for 
Industrial Development, the World Trade Organisation and the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation. 
The UAE currently has an impasse with the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
over certain border issues. Since 1971, the three Gulf islands of Abu Musa and Greater and Lesser Tunb 
have been occupied by Iranian forces. The UAE believes that the islands should be returned to Sharjah and 
Ras Al Khaimah, respectively, which claim sovereignty over them, and is seeking to resolve the dispute 
through bilateral negotiations or a reference to international arbitration. 
The UAE is also seeking, through negotiation, to resolve issues related to the 1974 provisional and, as yet, 
unratified agreement with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on the border between the two countries. 
The UAE, along with other Arab states, participated in the Saudi Arabian led intervention in Yemen which 
began in 2015. The intervention was in response to requests for assistance from the internationally

--- Page 92 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
recognised but domestically contested Yemeni government of President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. The 
request was due to a Houthi tribal offensive, aimed at Yemen's provisional capital of Aden. 
The UAE also joined another Saudi Arabian-led coalition of 34 largely Muslim nations formed in December 
2015 to combat Islamic extremism, in particular Islamic State (also known variously as Daesh, ISIS or 
ISIL). 
On 5 June 2017, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Bahrain announced that they would close their airspace and 
territorial waters with Qatar within 24 hours of the release of the announcement. Saudi Arabia also closed 
its land border with Qatar, which is Qatar's only land border. Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt 
also ended diplomatic ties with Qatar. Yemen, Jordan, Libya, Comoros, Senegal and Mauritania also joined 
the Saudi-led group shortly thereafter and several other countries including Chad, Djibouti, Maldives and 
Niger announced that they had downgraded their diplomatic ties with Qatar. On 5 January 2021, the UAE, 
Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Egypt agreed to restore diplomatic relations with Qatar. Leaders of the six Gulf 
Cooperation Council member states signed the Al Ula Agreement, lifting the embargo on Qatar and 
establishing the renewal of diplomatic and economic relations. 
On 13 August 2020, President Donald Trump of the United States, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of 
Israel and His Highness Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy 
Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces released a joint statement confirming that the UAE and 
Israel had agreed to normalise relations. In doing so, the UAE became the third Arab country, after the Arab 
Republic of Egypt in 1979 and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan in 1994, to agree to formally establish 
its relationship with Israel. The Abraham Accords Peace Agreement: Treaty of Peace, Diplomatic Relations 
and Full Normalisation between the United Arab Emirates and the State of Israel (the "Abraham Accords") 
was officially signed in Washington D.C. on 15 September 2020. In addition, the Kingdom of Bahrain 
announced the establishment of diplomatic ties with Israel on 11 September 2020 and became the fourth 
Arab country to officially sign the Abraham Accords. 
The Abraham Accords seek to advance comprehensive Middle East peace, stability and prosperity. To that 
extent, the UAE and Israel have agreed to join with the United States to develop and launch a "Strategic 
Agenda for the Middle East" in order to expand regional diplomatic, trade, stability and other cooperation. 
The Abraham Accords also identify sectors in which the UAE and Israel have signed bilateral agreements, 
including finance and investment, civil aviation, healthcare, tourism, environment, education and 
agriculture and food security. 
Since the announcement on 13 August 2020, the first direct commercial flight from Israel to the UAE 
landed in Abu Dhabi International Airport on 31 August 2020. The official treaty was signed on 15 
September 2020 and ratified by the Israeli government and the Knesset on 12 October 2020 and 15 October 
2020 respectively. 
COVID-19 Impact and Response measures Adopted in the UAE and Sharjah 
Overview 
In December 2019, the emergence of a new strain of the coronavirus was reported in Wuhan, Hubei 
Province, China. In March 2020, the UAE, alongside the United States, certain EU countries and many 
other countries worldwide imposed restrictions on travel and on the freedom of movement of people as 
well as other restrictions intended to reduce in person interactions. These measures, while aiming to slow 
the spread of COVID-19, are expected to significantly reduce economic activity regionally and globally 
and it is currently unclear how long these restrictions will be in place and what their ultimate impact will 
be on global and local economies. 
General and Epidemiological Response Measures 
On 29 January 2020, the UAE reported its first case of the virus, with the number of COVID-19 cases rising 
to 42,982 by 16 June 2020, of which 28,861 had recovered and 293 had died (source: Ministry of Health 
and Prevention). The Federal Government has been continuously monitoring the situation relating to the 
spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and has taken significant steps to address the complex public health and 
economic impacts of the pandemic. At the heart of the UAE's efforts to combat the virus has been one of 
the world's most extensive testing programmes, with more than 52 million tests conducted and 12.9 million, 
predominantly Sinopharm, vaccine doses administered by the end of May 2021 (source: Ministry of Health 
and Prevention). COVID-19 has now been detected in almost every country, and as of June 2021, had

--- Page 93 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
infected over 174 million people around the world and resulted in 3.7 million deaths. As of 9 June 2021, 
the UAE had 18,885 active cases of COVID-19. 
To curb the spread and incidence of COVID-19 in the UAE, the Federal Government has coordinated across 
all levels of governmental institutions to help address immediate needs as well as laying the foundation for 
future responses. The National Disinfection Program is tasked with sanitising all public facilities, streets 
and public transportation to ensure the highest levels of protection and prevention. The UAE is also working 
with the World Health Organisation to combat the virus and is also supporting countries in need, for 
example by donating testing kits and personal protective equipment. 
On 14 July 2020, the UAE Ministry of Health and Prevention introduced the laser-based Diffractive Phase 
Interferometry technology ("DPI") to detect COVID-19 cases. The DPI technology is based on laser 
technology using blood samples for examining the virus. It allows the health authorities to carry out large-
scale screening within a few seconds. It serves as a first step to detect suspected cases of infections before 
they undergo a Polymerase Chain Reaction swab tests. Laser-based DPI is based on optical-phase 
modulation which is able to give a signature of infection within a few seconds. It is user-friendly, non-
invasive and low-cost. The UAE was the first country where the number of conducted COVID-19 tests 
exceeded the size of its population. 
The Ministry of Health and Prevention also launched a chatbot service titled Virtual Doctor for COVID-
19. People can use the service to assess whether their symptoms could be associated with COVID-19. The 
chatbot in the Virtual Doctor service asks questions relating to the persons' travel history, if they have come 
in contact with someone who has travelled and is sick and if they have come in contact with someone 
known to have COVID-19. It also asks if the person is suffering from specific symptoms and about his 
health habits. Depending on the person's answers, the chatbot will deduce if he/she is at risk. It will connect 
him/her to a doctor through the same service. 
The UAE has launched a second app as well called Al Hosn. This is the official integrated digital platform 
for COVID-19 tests in the UAE through which individuals can receive COVID-19 test results on their 
smartphones. It can also detect if the user has been in close proximity to people who have had contact with 
others infected with the COVID-19 virus, provided that they too have the same app downloaded on their 
phones. This app is a joint venture between the Ministry of Health and Prevention, the Department of Health 
– Abu Dhabi and the Dubai Health Authority. 
The Ministry of Health was provided with an additional AED 1,428 million in funding to respond to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, other government entities had their budget allocations cut in order to try 
and maintain a balanced budget. 
On 14 September 2020, the UAE announced the emergency approval for the use of the COVID-19 vaccine 
and on 3 November 2020, the Prime Minister of the UAE received a COVID-19 vaccine developed by 
China's Sinopharm Group. According to the Ministry of Health and Prevention the Federal Government 
has implemented enhanced testing and screening with over 52 million tests conducted and 12.9 million, 
predominantly Sinopharm, vaccine doses administered by the end of May 2021. 
Social and Economic Response Measures 
The Federal Government has enacted several measures to limit the spread of the virus, including closure of 
schools, nurseries, shopping malls, parks, dine-in restaurants, and various tourist attractions. The Federal 
Government implemented a six-month suspension of work permit fees to cut the cost of doing business, 
support small and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") and accelerate major infrastructure projects. As part 
of their National Epidemic Control Plan, the Federal Government also imposed wide-ranging travel 
restrictions (including grounding of flights and halting visa issuance), which had an adverse impact on 
tourism, suspended prayers at mosques and other large gatherings, and enacted teleworking arrangements 
in government offices. Alongside, the Federal Government has increased testing and scaled up disinfection 
efforts, established a dedicated task force to ensure uninterrupted supply of consumer goods and prevent 
manipulative pricing practices, and launched remote learning initiative to ensure continuity of education. 
The Federal Government closed private and public sector offices whereby employees were encouraged to 
work from home. As a response, the Ministry of Human Resources and Emiratisation published Ministerial 
Resolution 281 of 2020 regulating remote working whereby employers were obliged to provide the 
necessary technical tools to perform work remotely. The Federal Government also launched an "Early 
Leave" initiative for all expatriate private sector employees.

--- Page 94 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
On 24 April 2020, the Federal Government began the gradual reopening of shopping centres and other 
businesses, subject to social distancing requirements, and began facilitating repatriation of expatriate 
workers wishing to return to their home countries. Several airlines have resumed a limited number of regular 
passenger flights. The Federal Government also began shortening curfews and most government employees 
returned to work as of mid-June. 
The UAE economy is being affected by the spread of COVID-19 as well as low oil prices. An extensive 
economic stimulus package for UAE businesses was introduced first in March 2020 and later in July 2020 
to support services hit by the decline of revenue and includes fees waivers, utilities subsidies, and 
cancellation of certain fines and penalties.  
In Sharjah, the Government introduced a range of measures across various sectors intended to mitigate the 
economic impacts of the operating restrictions put in place across the UAE. The 47-point plan introduced 
by the Government in March 2020 sought to assist government and private entities, business sectors and 
individuals affected by the spread of COVID-19. The measures introduced as part of this plan included a 
10 per cent. reduction in utility bills for three months starting from April 2020, a three-month waiver in 
business licence fees and various other reductions in government fees, fines and regulations. The 
Government has enacted rent exemptions for certain Government-owned buildings as well as implementing 
reductions in certain road, transport and logistics related fines and fees such as operating fees at Sharjah 
International Airport. Furthermore, there have been waivers of certain traffic violation fees and a reduction 
in port-related fees. In addition, a number of prisoners have been granted early release from custodial 
sentences relating to non-violent offences in order to facilitate distancing within penal facilities. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has also had a significant impact on supply chain, logistics and transportation. 
In response to this, the Emirates Food Security Council has developed mechanisms to ensure a steady and 
sustainable food supply to the UAE such as increasing the total food inventory for long periods by 30 per 
cent. Additionally, the UAE Ministry of Community Development and Ministry of Economy have 
collaborated to launch the Al Meer Initiative to provide essential food supplies to 12,000 vulnerable and 
foreign workers. 
In November 2020, the Government of Sharjah approved a stimulus package of approximately AED 512.0 
million. The package includes incentives to support the government, private entities, businesses and 
individuals, boost business continuity and mitigate the overall economic impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic.  
As of 4 February 2021, the Federal Government and the individual emirates have so far announced 
approximately AED 32 billion (2.8 per cent. of GDP) in various fiscal measures, including the previously 
mentioned AED 512.0 million stimulus package in Sharjah, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in 
2021. These include (i) AED 16.0 billion approved by the Federal Government to support the private sector 
by reducing various government fees, labour and other charges, refunding 50 per cent. of bank and financial 
guarantees to some establishments and accelerating existing infrastructure projects; (ii) AED 1.5 billion in 
measures by the government of Dubai to reduce government fees, provide additional water and electricity 
subsidies, and simplify business procedures; and (iii) AED 9 billion announced by the government of Abu 
Dhabi as part of the ongoing "Ghadan-21" fiscal stimulus program. The new initiatives provide for water 
and electricity subsidies as well as credit guarantees and liquidity support to SMEs. They also include 
deferral of payment of outstanding instalments and interests on loans and credit cards for a period of three 
months, suspension of all rental property eviction cases and deferral of the collection of rent payments and 
service fees for tenants. In addition, the government of Abu Dhabi has announced a reduction or suspension 
of various government fees and penalties, as well as a rebate on commercial lease payments in the tourism 
and hospitality sectors. 
The Ministry of Human Resources and Emiratisation created a 'virtual labour market' to facilitate the 
provision of job opportunities for suspended employees while the Ministry of Education activated virtual 
learning for nearly 1.2 million students from various educational institutions, with service providers 
offering free mobile internet connection to families without home internet services in order to assist with 
students remote learning needs. 
Financial Sector Response Measures 
 
Effective from 15 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank implemented the Targeted Economic Support 
Scheme (TESS), which includes a range of measures aimed at mitigating the economic effects of COVID-
19 within the UAE. Such measures include allowing banks operating in the UAE access to loans and

--- Page 95 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
advances extended at zero cost against collateral by the UAE Central Bank, to be used to grant temporary 
relief to private sector corporate and SME customers and retail clients. In addition (subject to the terms of 
the TESS), banks are allowed to tap into the capital conservation buffer up to a maximum of 60 per cent. 
without supervisory consequences and the domestic systemically important banks (the "D-SIBs") are 
allowed to use 100 per cent. of their D-SIB buffer without supervisory consequences (in each case, until 15 
March 2021). Furthermore, the UAE Central Bank effectively more than doubled the size of its stimulus 
package from AED 100 billion on 7 April 2020 to AED 256.0 billion and allowed banks and finance 
companies in the UAE to extend deferrals of principal and interest. In June 2020, to support the operation 
of the TESS and the general flow of funds into the economy in Sharjah, the Sharjah Liquidity Support 
Mechanism, established by the Sharjah Finance Department, initiated an AED 4.0 billion financial stimulus 
package to further alleviate the adverse economic impact of COVID-19 on business and individuals. See 
"Risk Factors – Risks relating to the ongoing coronavirus COVID-19." 
The UAE Central Bank has reduced its policy interest rate twice, first by 125 basis points in March 2020 
and 15 basis points in July 2020 and experienced an increase by 5 basis points in June 2021. Furthermore, 
the UAE Central Bank has announced an AED 256 billion (approximately 22 per cent. of GDP in 2019) 
package of measures comprising: (i) halving of banks' required reserve requirements from 14 per cent. to 7 
per cent.; (ii) zero-interest rate collateralised loans to banks (AED 50 billion); (iii) allowing the use of 
banks' excess capital buffers (AED 50 billion); (iv) 15-25 per cent. reduction in provisioning for SME loans; 
(v) increase of loan-to-value ratio for first-time home buyers by 5 percentage points; (vi) limiting bank fees 
for SMEs; (vii) waiver of all payment service fees charged by the UAE Central Bank for six months; (viii) 
raising the limit on banks' exposure to the real estate sector from to 30 per cent. of risk-weighted assets, 
subject to adequate provisioning; (ix) allowing banks to defer loan repayments till end-2020. On 8 August 
2020, the UAE Central Bank announced further measures to facilitate banks' lending to the economy and 
the relaxation of the Net Stable Funding Ratio and the Advances to Stable Resources Ratio effective through 
the end of 2021 (source: IMF – Policy Responses to COVID-19). On 16 November 2020, the UAE Central 
Bank announced that following its review of the TESS the scheme would be extended until 30 June 2021 
to continue to support individuals and businesses affected by COVID-19, and on 20 April 2021, the zero-
cost facility was again extended to June 2022 and the regulations for loan deferrals to December 2021. 
Expected Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
While the economic and fiscal cost of COVID-19 is difficult to predict, the Government anticipates a 
significant time-limited negative impact of the pandemic on the economy. This is reflected in the 
preliminary economic data for 2020. While the Government expects a return to economic growth in 2021, 
based on the broad resumption of economic activities with only limited restrictions, there is considerable 
uncertainty in respect to the further development of the pandemic (including any potential "third wave") 
and its macroeconomic consequences, as well as any related shocks in the financial markets. 
The Government 
The relationship between the Federal Government and the local governments of each emirate in the UAE 
is laid down in the Constitution, which allows for a degree of flexibility in the distribution of authority and 
executive responsibilities. The Constitution states that each emirate shall exercise all powers not assigned 
to the Federation. Each emirate has its own local government, consisting of departments or authorities, so 
that each emirate retains sufficient political and financial autonomy. 
The legislative and executive powers of the government in Sharjah lie primarily with the ruler, supported 
by the deputy rulers and the Sharjah Executive Council (the "SEC"). The ruler of Sharjah is H.H. Sheikh 
Dr. Sultan bin Mohammed Al Qasimi ("H.H. The Ruler"), who was appointed Ruler of Sharjah on 
25 January 1972. H.H. Sheikh Sultan Bin Mohammed bin Sultan Al Qasimi assumed the title of Crown 
Prince in 1999. H.H. the Crown Prince holds the titles of Deputy Ruler of Sharjah and Chairman of the 
SEC. 
The ruler's office provides support and advice to H.H. The Ruler in all his functions as the ceremonial and 
functional head of the Government. H.H. The Ruler delegates certain day-to-day aspects of the management 
of Sharjah's Government and its dependencies to the SEC. As Chairman of the SEC, the Crown Prince 
oversees the implementation of all strategies and plans of governmental bodies and departments. In an effort 
to increase public participation in politics, the Sharjah Consultative Council (the "SCC") was established 
in 1999 by Emiri Decree No. 3. Like the UAE's Federal National Council, the SCC works closely with the 
SEC in reviewing legislation and the accountability of Government agencies on issues of policy. In January

--- Page 96 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
2016, for the first time, elections were held for registered Sharjah citizens to elect half of the 42 members 
of the SCC. 
The various departments and other arms of the Government and their respective executives operate under 
the powers and responsibilities specifically delegated to them from time to time by H.H. The Ruler. The 
laws adopted in Sharjah are passed by virtue of a decree of H.H. The Ruler. 
The public sector of the Government consists of centralised departments and independent authorities. 
There are around 70 centralised Government departments, including: 
• 
Directorate of Public Works; 
• 
Department of Culture and Information; 
• 
Finance Department; 
• 
Real Estate Registration Department; 
• 
Economic Development Department; 
• 
Sharjah Petroleum Council; 
• 
Sharjah Police; 
• 
Department of Customs; 
• 
Town Planning Department; 
• 
Department of Civil Aviation; and 
• 
Sharjah City Municipality 
Independent authorities in Sharjah, which are wholly or majority publicly owned but operate at arm's length 
from the Government and are often referred to as government-related entities ("GREs"), include: (i) Bee'ah 
(Sharjah Environment Company); (ii) Sharjah Commerce and Tourism Development Authority; 
(iii) Hamriyah Free Zone Authority; (iv) Sharjah Electricity, Water and Gas Authority ("SEWA"); 
(v) Sharjah Airport International Free Zone ("SAIF Zone"); (vi) the Sharjah Investment and Development 
Authority ("Shurooq") and (vii) the Department of Seaports. 
Established in 1992 by H.H. The Ruler, the Financial Control Department (the "FCD") is independent from 
the main public sector structures, and is responsible for regulating and monitoring the financial activities 
of governmental bodies and departments in a capacity similar to that of an internal auditor, along with 
companies with direct or indirect government ownership of 20 per cent. or more. The FCD produces 
quarterly and annual reports which are presented to H.H. The Ruler. 
The Government has adopted a strategy for its economy which is intended to complement the economic 
growth in other emirates such as Abu Dhabi and Dubai. There is a notable focus on citizen welfare and 
enrichment, with particular emphasis on the preservation and celebration of Islamic heritage and culture, 
and on education. The Government has created one of the most prestigious higher education campuses in 
"University City", which is still expanding with a new Islamic university, Al Qasimia University, having 
been officially opened in April 2015. The Emirate's tourism offering centres on its cultural offering, with 
religious and archaeological sites as well as over 20 museums, which culminated in the recognition of 
Sharjah as the Capital of Islamic Culture for 2014 by the Islamic Organization for Education, Science and 
Culture (ISESCO), the Capital of Arab Tourism for 2015 by the Arab Council of Tourism Ministers and as 
the World Book Capital for 2019 by UNESCO. The Government has sought to ensure the provision of 
high-quality healthcare, environmental improvement and employment opportunities for Sharjah citizens, 
with the Human Resources Department (a centralised department of the Government) placing citizens into 
public sector employment since 2005. 
As for economic development, Sharjah differs from some other GCC states in that the Government seeks 
to limit its direct participation in the economy and instead focus on creating a favourable business 
environment, attracting inward investment, expanding infrastructure to foster future growth and leveraging

--- Page 97 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
cultural heritage to economic advantage. As such, Sharjah has a private sector-driven economy, 
characterised by a large number of smaller companies. The Government created an Economic Department 
in 1981, subsequently merged in 1999 with the Industrial Development Department to create the Sharjah 
Economic Development Department (the "SEDD") to create a legal and regulatory environment conducive 
to business success and aimed at attracting foreign and domestic investment. SEDD's role includes working 
with the private sector to review areas such as improving efficiency in the public sector, expanding the 
scope of private ownership, increasing the pace of economic growth and easing the shift towards an open 
market economy. SEDD's strategy focuses on providing modern, streamlined services and regulation to 
businesses, with a particular focus on e-government, efficient licensing and fair and proportionate 
regulation and inspection. 
To further encourage economic development, the Government also created Shurooq in 2009 with the 
objective of attracting foreign direct investment in the Emirate (see further "The Economy of Sharjah — 
Foreign Direct Investment and Free Zones" below). 
The Government's fiscal stance is guided by the principle of only borrowing for capital investment (while 
allowing for fluctuations over an economic cycle). Despite the economic challenges of the past decade and 
its significant investment in expansion projects and infrastructure, the Government's approach has led to 
public debt as a proportion of GDP remaining relatively low in comparison to the Emirate's peers. The 
Government also established the Debt Management Office (the "DMO") in 2012 to coordinate borrowing 
activity in the public sector (for further detail, see "Indebtedness"). 
The Government's Economic Strategy 
Promoting Long-Term Sustainability 
The Government's economic strategy is focused on sustainable development, i.e. growing the economy in 
a manner that is socially beneficial, that can be maintained on a long-term basis and that protects the natural 
environment of the Emirate. The Government considers this crucial to the long-term prosperity of the 
Emirate. 
The Government's strategy has also been designed to ensure the Emirate's continued resilience to short- and 
medium-term economic shocks. The UAE economy is in a period of relative uncertainty and heightened 
financial and macro risk, primarily arising from lower global prices for hydrocarbons. Meanwhile, 
geopolitical risks have evolved significantly and present new considerations (see "Risk Factors — Risks 
relating to Sharjah and the UAE"). In this environment, the Government's focus on sustainable long-term 
development provides resilience through the Emirate's: 
• 
relatively low reliance on volatile sectors (real estate, hydrocarbons) for economic activity and 
Government revenues; 
• 
well established concentrations of economic activity in more stable sectors; 
• 
high-quality infrastructure and public services; 
• 
low commercial exposure to volatile sectors through government-related entities ("GREs") and 
investments; 
• 
diverse sources of revenue and ability to reduce expenditure (if necessary); and 
• 
low Government and GRE debt levels. 
Focus Areas for Development 
The Government envisages that sustainable economic growth will be determined by its success in fostering 
the development of the following areas of the economy and society of Sharjah: 
Real Estate and Urban Planning 
The Government has set out an "urban masterplan", focusing on alleviating traffic and reducing urban 
pollution within the Emirate as well as creating new residential areas to accommodate the expected 
population growth that will come with sustained economic prosperity. Key components of this masterplan 
include:

--- Page 98 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
• 
relocating inner city industrial areas to create new zones on the periphery of the city with better 
infrastructure access, such as Souq Al Haraj new and used car trading zone, Al Sajaa Industrial 
Oasis, Emirates Industrial City and Al Hanoo Industrial City; 
• 
expanding the Hamriyah Free Zone and its transport links to highway E311; 
• 
developing new residential districts through traditional zonal development in areas such as 
Rahmania, and more heavily masterplanned developments such as Al Zahia and Tilal City; and 
• 
undertaking major, coordinated real estate developments in prime locations in the Dubai corridor. 
See further "The Economy of Sharjah — Principal Sectors of the Economy" below. 
Logistics and Infrastructure 
Infrastructure development is considered to be a key enabler for the Emirate's future expansion, economic 
growth and social connectivity. Sharjah is well connected to the other emirates through a series of parallel 
major multi-lane highways, has comprehensive telecommunication facilities and offers three significant sea 
ports. The Emirate is also the location of the UAE's third-largest airport, Sharjah International Airport 
("SIA"), and is adjacent to the world's busiest airport, Dubai International Airport. Several key 
infrastructure developments are under way, including the expansion of SIA and road links (see "The 
Economy of Sharjah — Infrastructure"). 
Tourism 
One of the key aims of the Government's economic strategy is to solidify the Emirate's position as an ideal 
family tourism destination and cultural hub in the GCC region. Notwithstanding the possible challenges 
arising from any extended impact from COVID-19, the Government has been aiming to attract 10 million 
visitors annually to the Emirate by 2021, increasing from a total of 7,671,902 visitors in 2019, which 
included 1.0 million hotel guests, 3.5 million visitors to Sharjah Expo, 1.0 million museum visitors and 1.4 
million event attendees. In recognition of the Government's achievements to date, the Emirate was named 
the "2015 Capital of Arab Tourism" by the Arab Council of Tourism Ministers. 
Sharjah hosts several well-known and popular annual events including the Sharjah International Book Fair, 
Sharjah Light Festival, Sharjah Water Festival and Sharjah Heritage Days. Moreover, Shurooq undertakes 
joint venture developments with private sector partners to promote the growth of tourism and tourism 
related commercial activity in the Emirate through the development of world-class tourism facilities and 
investment in, among other things, tourism-related projects. For a summary of recent projects, see "The 
Economy of Sharjah — Principal Sectors of the Economy — Social Accommodation and Food Service" 
below. 
The UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization ("UNESCO") named Sharjah as World Book 
Capital in 2019, under its World Book Capital programme, an initiative launched in 1996 that seeks to 
promote publishing activities on local and global levels by nominating an annual capital. The programme 
aims to promote peace, cultural enrichment, and intercultural dialogue through education, communication 
and the sharing of information. The House of Wisdom, a 12,000m2 physical and digital library and cultural 
space located adjacent to Sharjah's University City opened in December 2020, is a lasting monument to the 
World Book Capital accolade. 
Education 
The development of the Emirate's education system has been a key priority for the Government, which has 
led to significant investments in human capital, founded on the belief that an educated population is vital 
to the long-term growth of the Emirate's economy. 
The Emirate is aiming to establish itself as a regional centre for educational excellence and, in order to 
achieve this, the Government has invested significantly in this area in recent years. For a summary of such 
investment, see "The Economy of Sharjah — Infrastructure — Education" below. 
Energy and Environment 
The Government regulates and monitors, among other things, the management, operation and maintenance 
of the Emirate's electricity and water assets and facilities to ensure that present and future consumer

--- Page 99 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
demands for water and power services are properly met through sustainable planning and development, and 
to ensure that local water and electricity projects are managed and operated in line with international best 
practices and applicable environmental laws. 
The UAE's Energy Strategy 2050, aims to reduce the UAE's carbon footprint, increase the use of clean 
energy and increase consumption efficiency. The UAE seeks to become a global hub of the new green 
economy, allowing it to integrate sustainability principles with long-term economic growth. Additionally 
the UAE is emerging as a regional leader in renewable energy, particularly solar energy and is also focused 
on developing blue and green hydrogen as the fuel of the future. Sustainability is also at the heart of the 
vision of SEWA, as demonstrated by the implementation of: 
• 
a drive for energy efficiency, with SEWA encouraging all customers to cut power consumption by 
30 per cent.; 
• 
investment in network efficiency to cut power leakage; 
• 
higher fuel standards benefiting local air quality as well as boosting operational performance; and 
• 
the revision of electricity and water tariffs in order to incentivise energy conservation. 
SEWA is also empowered to establish clean energy companies and to enter into joint ventures with 
companies in the field of renewable and alternative energy. 
For further detail, see "The Economy of Sharjah — Infrastructure — Utilities" below. 
Health 
Although public healthcare for UAE nationals is a Federal responsibility, the Government sees an important 
role in encouraging development of the private healthcare sector in the Emirate, as part of a broader strategy 
to enhance public health among all residents. In 2012, the Government established the Sharjah Healthcare 
City free zone, designed to capitalise on regional demand for high-quality health services and to attract 
investment from experienced healthcare providers from the UAE and overseas. 
In recognition of the Government's efforts and achievements in developing public health policy in the 
Emirate, in September 2015, Sharjah City was designated as the Middle East's first Healthy City by the 
WHO. According to the WHO, a Healthy City is one that "continually creates and improves its physical 
and social environments and expands the community resources that enable people to mutually support each 
other in performing all the functions of life, and developing to their maximum potential". The Emirate met 
88 per cent. of the accreditation criteria in September 2015, surpassing the 80 per cent. qualifying threshold 
set by the WHO. 
Ratings 
On 20 April 2021, S&P affirmed the long- and short-term foreign and local currency sovereign credit rating 
of Sharjah at BBB- and A-3 respectively, with a stable outlook. The rating had been at this level since 23 
October 2020. The investment-grade rating reflects Sharjah's relatively diverse economy, with high wealth 
levels and low external financing risk, balanced against nascent political institutions and a weak fiscal 
position relative to peers in the same rating category and limited monetary flexibility. S&P expect that, 
while the government deficit widened during 2020 as a result of economic contraction, spending 
moderation in future years should slow the pace of debt accumulation in their forecast period. The stable 
outlook reflects S&P's expectation that, despite Sharjah's large fiscal deficits, net general government debt 
will remain below 60 per cent. of GDP through 2024. 
On 11 February 2021, Moody's downgraded the long-term foreign and local currency issuer rating of 
Sharjah from Baa2 to Baa3 and changed the outlook on the issuer ratings from stable to negative. According 
to Moody's, Sharjah's investment-grade rating is supported by high per-capita income, a relatively 
diversified economy and the emirate's membership in the UAE, balanced against a narrow revenue base, 
limited fiscal policy effectiveness and a rising government debt burden, accelerated by the economic effects 
of COVID-19. Moody's stated that the reason for the change in Sharjah's rating was driven by Moody's 
expectation of a sharp deterioration in Sharjah's fiscal strength. The negative outlook captures the risk that 
the government's debt burden and its interest bill could might rise further than Moody's current expect.

--- Page 100 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
Business Address 
The address of the Finance Department of Sharjah is Al Layyeh Suburb, P.O. Box 201 Sharjah, United 
Arab Emirates, and its telephone number is: +971 6 528 8880.

--- Page 101 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
THE ECONOMY OF SHARJAH 
Introduction 
Sharjah has a diverse economy, best known for its strength in industry and manufacturing. The economy 
of Sharjah benefits from Sharjah's membership of the UAE and its political and macroeconomic stability, 
its advantageous geographic location, its transport and logistical infrastructure, long-established economic 
clusters in economic free zones and industrial areas, broad-based economic development driven by small 
and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") and the private sector, relatively low costs of doing business, an 
increasingly well-educated local workforce and the Government's financial robustness. 
A founding member of the UAE, Sharjah benefits from the prevailing global view of the country as a stable 
and tolerant location that is open to trade, tourism and international business. It also benefits from the UAE's 
strong macroeconomic position and spending by the Federal Government on a range of key government 
functions, largely funded by fiscal transfers from the Government of Abu Dhabi. Within the UAE, Sharjah 
is unique in bordering all six other emirates and in holding seaboards on the country's west and east coasts. 
This central location has been exploited through the development of an extensive network of highways, 
container ports on both coasts and a growing international airport. 
In contrast to some states/countries in the GCC, the Government is not extensively involved directly in the 
major commercial sectors of the economy. It has minority shareholdings in some strategic enterprises and 
directly operates critical infrastructure, but otherwise seeks to encourage the private sector to lead economic 
growth. Clusters of specialisation have developed around the Emirate's 19 industrial areas and two 
established free zones, with many businesses growing up from the large number of SMEs, and the 
Government envisages future development in sectors such as tourism, healthcare, environmental industries, 
logistics and education. Economic activity and growth have been spread broadly across economic sectors, 
and the economy remains well diversified. Businesses are attracted to Sharjah because of the relatively low 
cost of property and labour and the absence of general corporate or personal income tax (excluding a levy 
on foreign banks and oil-extracting companies). 
Gross Domestic Product 
Sharjah's GDP was relatively resilient to swings in the macroeconomic cycle in recent years, including the 
2008 global financial crisis (with nominal GDP falling in 2009 and subsequently returning to growth in 
2010) and the fall in commodity prices in 2015. However, similar to most global economies, the COVID-
19 pandemic led to negative growth in 2020 in the UAE and Sharjah, with an expected return to growth in 
2021. 
This resilience was the result of the diversified nature of the Emirate's economy, relatively low public sector 
debt and relatively low dependence on and government exposure to more volatile sectors, such as 
hydrocarbons and real estate. In 2020, according to data from DSCD, the Emirate's GDP decreased (in 
nominal terms) to AED 112.6 billion as compared with AED 125.1 billion in 2019, representing a 10.1 per 
cent. decrease from 2019 in nominal terms. The wholesale and retail trade sector is the largest sector of the 
Sharjah economy, accounting for 21.7 per cent. of its GDP in 2020, followed by the manufacturing sector, 
which accounted for 17.0 per cent. of GDP in 2020. Following review and approval from the FCSA, the 
DSCD began reporting GDP data for Sharjah in 2020 for a data series starting in 2017, and the new data 
series differs from and supersedes GDP and other information for Sharjah previously reported by the FCSA. 
The UAE has one of the largest economies in the MENA region, with a nominal GDP of AED 1,546,645 
million in 2019. According to the FCSA, real GDP growth in the UAE was 2.4 per cent. in 2017, 1.2 per 
cent. in 2018 and 1.7 per cent. in 2019. The UAE economy performed well during the first two months of 
2020. However, this was followed by a general slowdown in major activities amid the precautionary 
measures related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The UAE government, in line with the recommendations of 
the World Health Organization ("WHO"), established partial restrictions to limit the spread of the virus, 
which constrained domestic economic activities, tourism, and consumption.  
According to the World Bank's United Arab Emirates' Economic Update published in October 2020, the 
UAE's overall GDP for the year 2020 was projected to contract by 6.3 per cent. in real terms due to the 
fallout from COVID-19 and lower oil production following the revitalisation of the OPEC+ agreement. 
Over the medium term according to the IMF's Regional Economic Outlook for the Middle East and Central 
Asia published in April 2021, overall real GDP growth in the region is expected to pick up to 4.0 per cent. 
in 2021 and dependent on the speed of global recovery, growth in the UAE is expected to reach 2.5 per

--- Page 102 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
cent. by 2022. It is expected that this growth will be supported by the government's mitigation and recovery 
plans, higher oil prices and production capacity, improved business sentiment and a boost from Dubai Expo 
2021.  
These forecasts may not accurately reflect the result of the global restrictions imposed aiming to slow the 
spread of COVID-19 and the decrease in oil prices in early 2020 or the subsequent increases in oil prices 
in 2021. See "Risk Factors – Risks relating to the ongoing coronavirus COVID-19." 
Sharjah's GDP per capita was estimated at AED 85,103 in 2019. 
The following table shows the UAE and Sharjah GDP and Sharjah GDP per capita for the years indicated: 
 
2017 
(2017 
compared 
to 2018 % 
change) 
2018 
(2018 
compared 
to 2019 % 
change) 
2019 
(2019 
compared 
to 2020 % 
change) 
2020 
UAE GDP (AED billion) ....................  
1,416.1 
9.5 
1,550.6 
(0.3) 
1,546.6 
- 
n/a 
Sharjah GDP (AED billion) ................  
120.6 
2.7 
123.9 
1.0 
125.1 
(10.1) 
112.6 
Sharjah per capita GDP (AED) ...........  
83,768 
2.0 
85,482 
(0.4) 
85,103 
- 
n/a 
 _______________  
Source: FCSA, DSCD, Sharjah Census (with interpolated population estimates between Census dates and assumed population growth 
rate beyond the 2015 Census date) 
Sharjah's GDP growth has been largely driven by a diverse private sector, with over 55,000 companies 
registered onshore (i.e. not in one of the free zones) by SEDD, as shown in the table below. 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Number of Licences ...................... 
 
59,422 
59,924 
55,711 
 _______________  
Source: SEDD. 
Principal Sectors of the Economy 
Sharjah's economy is well diversified without any single sector contributing more than 25 per cent. of GDP 
in 2020. Recent economic growth has been broad-based across multiple sectors. 
The following table sets out the contribution of each sector to the economy of Sharjah for the years 
indicated: 
 
2017 
% of 
total 
2018 
% of 
total 
2019* 
% of 
total 
2020* 
% of 
total 
 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
(AED 
millions) 
% 
Agriculture, Forestry and Fishing ..................  
1,458 
1.2 
1,477 
1.2 
1,500 
1.2 
1,530 
1.4 
Mining and quarrying (includes crude oil 
and natural gas) ..........................................  
5,112 
4.2 
5,423 
4.4 
5,204 
4.2 
 
3,743 
 
3.3 
Manufacturing ...............................................  
19,497 
16.2 
19,790 
16.0 
20,321 
16.2 
19,111 
17.0 
Electricity, gas and water supply; waste 
management activities................................  
2,917 
2.4 
3,004 
2.4 
3,130 
2.5 
 
3,160 
 
2.8 
Construction ..................................................  
10,559 
8.8 
10,850 
8.8 
10,988 
8.8 
9,602 
8.5 
Wholesale and retail trade; repair of motor 
vehicles and motorcycles ...........................  
27,552 
22.8 
28,130 
22.7 
27,850 
22.3 
 
24,422 
 
21.7 
Transportation and storage ............................  
7,122 
5.9 
7,502 
6.1 
7,527 
6.0 
5,621 
5.0 
Accommodation and food services activities  
2,760 
2.3 
2,840 
2.3 
2,799 
2.2 
2,365 
2.1 
Information and communication ...................  
994 
0.8 
1,025 
0.8 
1,040 
0.8 
965 
0.9 
Financial and insurance activities ..................  
9,516 
7.9 
9,820 
8.0 
10,105 
8.1 
9,620 
8.5 
Real estate activities ......................................  
12,018 
10.0 
12,106 
9.8 
11,957 
9.6 
10,805 
9.6 
Professional, scientific and technical 
activities.....................................................  
6,908 
5.7 
7,190 
5.8 
7,305 
5.8 
6,721 
6.0 
Administrative and support service activities  
2,083 
1.7 
2,135 
1.7 
2,170 
1.7 
2,085 
1.9 
Public administration and defence; 
compulsory social security .........................  
4,252 
3.5 
4,493 
3.6 
4,942 
3.9 
 
4,838 
 
4.3 
Education ......................................................  
3,040 
2.5 
3,137 
2.5 
3,215 
2.6 
3,310 
2.9 
Human health and social work activities .......  
1,266 
1.0 
1,310 
1.1 
1,340 
1.1 
1,201 
1.1 
Arts, recreation and other service activities ...  
2,607 
2.2 
2,725 
2.2 
2,850 
2.3 
2,601 
2.3 
Activities of households as employers ..........  
935 
0.8 
939 
0.8 
905 
0.7 
862 
0.8 
Total .............................................................  
120,596 
 
123,895 
 
125,148 
 
112,563 
 
Total Non-oil ................................................  
115,483 
 
118,472 
 
119,944 
 
108,820

--- Page 103 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
 _______________  
* 
Preliminary data subject to revision. 
Wholesale and retail trade 
The wholesale and retail trade sector is the largest measured sector of Sharjah's economy and contributed 
approximately 21.7 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 22.3 per cent. in 2019 and 22.7 per cent. 
in 2018. 
The sector is primarily driven by the growth in Sharjah's economy and population as well as an increase in 
the number of new malls and the number of expatriates choosing to reside in Sharjah. Sharjah is also 
selected as a base for several wholesalers due to its attractive tax environment and connections to the MENA 
region. 
Most activity in this sector is firmly led by the private sector. Sharjah Holding, a joint venture between the 
Government and Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC, is currently developing neighbourhood malls to service 
residential districts within Sharjah. In March 2021, Majid Al Futtaim Properties LLC opened City Centre 
Al Zahia, Sharjah's largest mall, a "super-regional" scale complex with a gross leasable area of 136,200 
square metres. 
As noted above, although most activity in this sector is led by the private sector, the Government has 
become directly involved in some projects of strategic and/or social importance, including the construction 
of a fish, meat, fruit and vegetable market in the Jubail district, consisting of a 400 unit facility at a cost of 
approximately AED 173 million. Completed in 2015, the market in the Jubail district of Sharjah City is 
exists to protect traditional local trade, enhance product quality and to attract tourists and shoppers to the 
heritage area of Sharjah City. 
In addition, the Government has relocated the used-car hub in Sharjah to a new auto mall, the Souq Al 
Haraj Auto Mall (the "Auto Mall") located on one of the outer highways, which covers an area of 420,000 
square metres, at a cost of approximately AED 268 million. The Auto Mall is intended to ensure the 
sustainability of Sharjah's large second-hand car market. 
Manufacturing 
The manufacturing sector is the second-largest measured sector of Sharjah's economy and was 17.0 per 
cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 16.2 per cent. in 2019 and 16.0 per cent. in 2018. While the 
manufacturing sector is diverse and competitive, the most significant sub-sectors include cement, glass, 
petrochemicals, paint, dried food and household goods. 
Sharjah's manufacturing industries have developed in clusters centred on 19 industrial areas to the east of 
Sharjah City and on two economic free zones: (i) the Hamriyah Free Zone ("HFZ"); and (ii) the Sharjah 
Airport International Free Zone ("SAIF Zone"). The Government has allocated land for and commenced 
the development of new industrial areas along the Emirate's major outer highways, including Emirates 
International City (covering 25.3 million square metres) and Sharjah Investment Centre (covering 3.0 
million square metres), as well as a new research, technology and innovation park situated on 1.8 million 
square metres of land and established by the American University of Sharjah ("AUS") (see further "Foreign 
Direct Investment and Free Zones — Sharjah Airport International Free Zone ("SAIF Zone")" below). 
The Government continues to release land for industrial development to facilitate economic expansion. The 
Al Sajaa area, situated close to two major highways and in close proximity to Sharjah International Airport 
and Al Hamriya Port, is currently the site of significant industrial activity, including in the oil and gas and 
cement sub-sectors, and the Government (through Sharjah Asset Management LLC) has recently completed 
the first and second phases of a project to sell and lease parcels of land covering an area of 1.31 million 
square metres in Al Sajaa Industrial Oasis. The Al Sajaa Industrial Oasis comprises 353 plots for light and 
medium industrial, mixed, retail and accommodation units and plots are available for sale to UAE 
Nationals, GCC and Arab residents as freehold investments. All other residents may apply for a 100-year 
leasehold (usufruct right). 
Sharjah Cement and Industrial Development Co. (PJSC) ("SCIDC") was established in 1977 under an 
Emiri Decree issued by H.H. The Ruler and is one of Sharjah's important local manufacturers in the cement 
and building materials industry. SCIDC is a private sector company listed on the Abu Dhabi Stock 
Exchange ("ADX"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Government held 14.8 per cent. of the shares

--- Page 104 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
in SCIDC through Sharjah Asset Management LLC and 9.09 per cent. of the shares in SCIDC through the 
Sharjah Social Security Fund (the "SSSF"). SCIDC's total comprehensive income in 2019 was AED 13,088 
million, compared to AED 17,393 million in 2018 (source: SCIDC). 
Real Estate Activities 
The real estate sector is the third-largest measured sector of Sharjah's economy and contributed 9.6 per cent. 
of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 9.6 per cent. in 2019 and 9.8 per cent. in 2018. 
Recent initiatives in the sector include the construction of the Sharjah Waterfront City by Sharjah Oasis 
Real Estate Development. The land reclamation work for the project was completed in 2016 and the 
development will, upon completion, comprise 5.6 million square metres of residential developments across 
10 islands situated around a new creek. The development is listed by the Middle East Economic Digest as 
the third-largest mixed-use development currently underway in the Middle East. 
In 2017, the privately-owned development company Arada announced the Al Jada project, a 2.2 million 
square metre master-planned mixed-use development that is intended eventually to house 70,000 residents, 
located adjacent to the University City. On 27 February 2020, Arada officially opened the first of three 
phases of the of the Madar at Al Jada project. Located in the heart of the Al Jada development, Madar Al 
Jada is a new entertainment complex containing 18 food and beverage outlets, an events hall and an 
amphitheatre for outdoor events with a maximum capacity of 50 people. Once fully completed, Madar Al 
Jada will incorporate a large range of facilities and attractions including a large public square, an immersive 
children's adventure zone, an extreme sports centre, two retail zones, and an 11-screen cinema. 
The Al Zahia development is another large residential development under construction, offering 1.3 million 
square metre mixed-use project in a joint venture partnership between the Government and Majid Al 
Futtaim Properties LLC (known as Sharjah Holding), located near SIA and the University City of Sharjah. 
The first phase of the construction of Al Zahia was completed in 2014. In September 2017, Al Zahia 
launched the Al Lilac project, with the release of 61 luxury four and five bedroom villas. In 2018, Al Zahia 
began handover of homes in the Al Narjis neighbourhood and in September 2019, the joint venture 
announced the launch of the Orchid neighbourhood. The Al Zahia development is expected to be completed 
in 2023 and it is hoped that the development will be home to more than 12,000 residents in villas, 
townhouses and apartments as well as leisure facilities and retail offerings. In another joint venture between 
the Government and the private sector, Tilal City permits property buyers to develop their own plots in a 
location adjacent to a major inter-emirate highway, choosing from a menu of approved design options. 
According to Article 4 of Law No. 5 of 2010 on Real Estate Registration in the Emirate of Sharjah, 
ownership of any real estate property in the Emirate is restricted to UAE and GCC nationals, or companies 
wholly-owned by UAE and GCC nationals. Article 4 of Law No. 5 of 2010 on Real Estate Registration 
provides for exceptions where: (i) ownership is granted by approval of H.H. The Ruler; (ii) ownership is 
obtained through heritages, according to a Shari'a notification; or (iii) ownership is obtained through the 
assignment by the owner to one of his or her relatives of first degree. 
Restrictions on foreign ownership and limited price growth in recent years meant that, although real estate 
prices in Sharjah were materially affected by the 2008 global financial crisis, there was a limited impact on 
Sharjah's economy and public finances. With most property owned by end-users or active landlords, the 
Emirate did not experience the rapid withdrawal of foreign capital that was seen elsewhere in the region. 
On 16 November 2014, H.H. The Ruler issued Executive Council Resolution No. 26 of 2014 ("Resolution 
No. 26"), which allows foreign nationals and companies owned by foreign nationals to own usufruct rights 
over vacant plots of land for a period of 100 years in Sharjah, and to register such usufruct rights with the 
Sharjah Real Estate Department. Resolution No. 26 was issued to promote investment in Sharjah, by 
opening Sharjah's real estate market to foreigners through long-term leasehold arrangements. The 
Government intends to utilise the new arrangements for foreign ownership on a very limited number of 
plots in new developments. 
According to the Real Estate Registration Department (a centralised department of the Government), in 
2020, 20,522 transactions were recorded with the value of these sales transactions amounting to AED 15.9

--- Page 105 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
billion. This is compared to sales transactions valued at AED 24.2 billion in 2019, AED 22.6 billion in 2018 
and AED 29.8 billion in 2017. Most of these transactions were conducted by GCC nationals. 
Financial and Insurance Activities 
The financial and insurance activities sector contributed 8.5 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 
8.1 per cent. in 2019 and 8.0 per cent. in 2018. 
There are four banks incorporated in Sharjah: Bank of Sharjah ("BoS"), Invest Bank, Sharjah Islamic Bank 
("SIB") and United Arab Bank (which have two, five, 21 and seven branches, respectively, in the Emirate). 
In addition, there are 14 branches of foreign banks and 91 branches of non-Sharjah based national banks 
(or a total of 126 branches of national banks). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Government held 
17.16 per cent. of the share capital of BoS and 28.46 per cent. of the share capital of SIB through Sharjah 
Asset Management LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Finance Department. In addition, the SSSF 
holds a 9.09 per cent. stake in SIB. Both BoS and SIB are listed on the ADX (for further detail on the 
financial sector, see "Monetary and Financial System — Banking and Financial Services"). 
In addition to the holdings described above, in December 2018, the Government offered to support the 
capital requirements of Invest Bank with an injection of AED 1,115 million in exchange for a 50.07 per 
cent. stake in the bank, at a purchase price of AED 0.70 per share. The proposal included a commitment to 
underwrite a subsequent rights issue by Invest Bank during 2019 with up to AED 785 million, should the 
bank require further capital during the year. The proposal was subsequently accepted by all parties and the 
initial injection was made in April 2019, giving the Government of Sharjah a 50.07 stake in Invest Bank. 
The second funding injection had not been completed as at the date of this Base Prospectus, but the 
Government remains committed to completing the second round of funding, if required. Invest Bank is 
listed on the ADX. 
Whilst viewing the Invest Bank transaction as a commercially and strategically viable investment in its own 
right, the Government has also stated that it is exploring ways to rationalise and consolidate the Emirate's 
financial services sector. 
Mining and quarrying 
The mining and quarrying sector, which includes crude oil and natural gas, contributed 4.3 per cent. to 
Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 4.0 per cent. in 2019 and 4.4 per cent. in 2018. 
The sector is primarily driven by the production and supply of energy for Sharjah's residents and businesses. 
Although it produces gas and liquid petroleum gas, Sharjah is a net importer of energy and fuel. In recent 
years, international crude oil prices have experienced large fluctuations. The OPEC Reference Basket fell 
from a high monthly average price per barrel of U.S.$108 in June 2014 to a monthly average price of 
U.S.$26.50 in January 2016, subsequently recovering to U.S.$66.48 in December 2019. The OPEC 
Reference Basket prices fell significantly from U.S.$48.35 on 6 March 2020 to U.S.$34.72 on 9 March 
2020, a decrease of 28.2 per cent. On 30 March 2020, the OPEC Reference Basket price had fallen further 
to U.S.$20.09, an 18-year low and as at 30 June 2020, the OPEC Reference Basket price had risen to 
U.S.$38.22. At the beginning of 2021, the OPEC reference Basket price was U.S.$54.38 on 1 January 2021 
and rose to reach U.S.$70.22 as at 1 June 2021. (see "Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to Sharjah and 
the UAE — The UAE's economy is significantly affected by volatility in international oil prices and its 
economy has in the past been, and is likely in the future to continue to be, adversely affected by lengthy 
periods of low oil prices"). 
Although Sharjah is the third-largest hydrocarbon producer in the UAE, after Abu Dhabi and Dubai, this 
sector is just one of several contributors to the Emirate's economy. Total hydrocarbon production in Sharjah 
amounted to 3.5 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2020, 3.9 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2019 and 
4.2 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2018. This declining trend with respect to total hydrocarbon 
production is expected to continue. In 2020, total hydrocarbon production in Sharjah of 3.5 million barrels 
of oil equivalent comprised 13.5 billion cubic feet of natural gas, 44.9 kilotonnes of liquefied petroleum 
gas and 1.2 million barrels of condensates. In 2019, total hydrocarbon production in Sharjah of 3.9 million 
barrels of oil equivalent, comprised 15.8 billion cubic feet of natural gas, 50.8 kilotonnes of liquefied 
petroleum gas and 1.3 million barrels of condensates. In 2018, total hydrocarbon production in Sharjah of 
4.2 million barrels of oil equivalent comprised 16.8 billion cubic feet of natural gas, 50.9 kilotonnes of 
liquefied petroleum gas and 1.4 million barrels of condensates.

--- Page 106 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
All hydrocarbon production in Sharjah is overseen by the Sharjah Petroleum Council, a centralised 
department of the Government. The Sharjah National Oil Corporation ("SNOC"), which is a separate legal 
entity wholly owned by the Government, has taken over most operations on active onshore production 
facilities in Sharjah, with revenues from such facilities flowing directly to the Government. Dana Gas PJSC 
operates a small concession in the Zora field, with revenue raised indirectly by the Government through 
royalties, fees and charges. 
SNOC has embarked on several projects to expand and diversify its portfolio. SNOC has awarded an 
engineering, procurement and construction management contract to Petrofac to construct a liquified 
petroleum gas blending and truck loading facility to divert liquefied petroleum gas production to the local 
market. Petrofac International Limited employs approximately 3,000 staff based in Sharjah in a range of 
functions supporting the hydrocarbon and petrochemical industries. 
The Crescent Group was established in Sharjah in 1971 and is the MENA region's oldest privately-owned 
oil and gas company. The Crescent Group currently operates a portfolio of more than 25 diversified 
companies through its two main subsidiaries, Crescent Petroleum and Crescent Enterprises. Crescent 
Petroleum acts as a technical operator in several countries including Egypt, Pakistan, Yemen, Canada, 
Montenegro, Tunisia and Argentina. 
Sharjah based Dana Gas PJSC is the 100 per cent. operator of the Sharjah Western Offshore Concession, 
the Zora field, approximately 35 kilometres offshore from Sharjah. The production facilities include an 
offshore platform and onshore gas processing plant, where the gas is processed. The gas is sold to SEWA 
for power generation, with the associated recovered condensate being sold into the local market. Dana Gas 
PJSC is the Middle East's largest regional private sector natural gas company established in December 2005 
with a public listing on the ADX. It has exploration and production assets in Egypt, the Kurdistan region 
of Iraq and the UAE, with "2P" reserves exceeding one billion barrels of oil equivalent and average 
production of 67,050 barrels of oil equivalent in 2016. 
On 13 January 2019, the Government awarded Eni Areas A, B & C onshore Exploration Concession 
Agreements. These agreements are the result of the first International Competitive Exploration Licensing 
Round launched by SNOC in 2018 to explore and develop new hydrocarbon resources through the 
establishment of new partnerships. Concession Area A and C cover respectively an area of 437 square 
kilometres and 1,184 square kilometres. Eni will act as operator with 75 per cent. participating interest with 
SNOC as partner with a 25 per cent. stake. Concession Area B covers an area of 264 square kilometres. 
SNOC will act as operator with 50 per cent. participating interest with Eni holding 50 per cent. of stake. In 
January 2020, SNOC and Eni announced discovery of an inland gas field, "Mahani", with gas flow rates of 
up to 50 million standard cubic feet per day and associated condensates. 
Construction 
The construction sector contributed 8.5 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 8.8 per cent. in 2019 
and 2018. 
The construction sector is largely driven by activity in the private real estate market and by public projects 
to construct infrastructure and government buildings. The construction sector contribution of GDP has 
increased in order to reflect real estate demand and public sector expansion. 
Transportation and storage 
The transportation and storage sector contributed 5.0 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 
6.0 per cent. in 2019 and 6.1 per cent. in 2018. The sector is primarily driven by the Emirate's geographic 
location (bordering all six emirates and the UAE's west and east coasts), and by the development of air and 
sea ports. 
Established in 1976, Gulftainer Company Limited is based in Sharjah and describes itself as one of the 
largest privately-owned port management and third party logistics companies in the world. The UAE 
operations of Gulftainer Company Limited include the Khorfakkan Container Terminal and Sharjah 
Container Terminal, as well as port operations and logistics in Ruwais Port in Abu Dhabi (for further details, 
see "Infrastructure — Ports" below.)

--- Page 107 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
Public Administration and Defence 
The public administration and defence sector contributed 4.3 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020 
and 3.9 per cent. in 2019 and 3.6 per cent. in 2018. Some government services (including basic healthcare 
and education for UAE nationals, as well as business licensing and policing) are provided by the Federal 
Government, with the remainder provided by the Government (see "Public Finance — Relationship with 
the Federal Government"). 
Social Accommodation and Food Service 
The accommodation and food service activities sector, which includes restaurants and hotels, contributed 
2.1 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020 and 2.2 per cent. in 2018 and 2.3 per cent. in 2018. 
Sharjah's restaurants and hotels currently cater to mid-range customers and are priced lower than restaurants 
and hotels in some nearby geographies. The sector has been identified by the Government as having 
particular growth potential, with a focus on complementing the existing offering with a larger number of 
luxury options. 
The following table sets out the number of Sharjah hotel rooms and number of guests for each of the years 
indicated. 
 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Rooms ........................................................ 
9,602 
9,256 
9,663 
9,585 
6,842 
Guests (in thousands) ................................. 
1,727 
1,776 
1,739 
1,794 
1,017 
 _______________  
Source: Commerce and Tourism Development Authority. 
As at 31 December 2020, there were 63 hotels and 40 hotel apartment complexes in the Emirate, and the 
occupancy rate for hotels for the preceding year was 48 per cent. There were two new hotel establishment 
openings in 2020: the Pullman (180 rooms) and Al Khan Hotel (55 rooms). As a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, there was a decrease in hotel guests and available rooms due to reduced tourism and restrictions 
on domestic and international travel, as well as the allocation of some rooms for quarantine purposes, such 
that out of 10,673 hotel rooms in Sharjah as at 31 December 2020, only 6,842 were operationally available.  
Sharjah's tourism proposition is firmly based on the Emirate's focus on Islamic identity, culture and 
heritage. With over 600 mosques and over 20 museums in Sharjah City, the Emirate was selected as 
"Capital of Islamic Culture" for the year 2014 by the Organisation of the Islamic Conference and as the 
"Capital of Arab Tourism" for 2015 by the Council of Arab Tourism Ministers. These honours were met 
with a series of high-profile events and the opening of new facilities promoting tourism and the Emirate's 
identity, such as the Islamic Centre, which incorporates a theatre, library, mosque and Al Qasimia Islamic 
university, new botanical gardens (focusing on the plants that feature in the Quran and other important 
religious texts), a new performance amphitheatre and shows and exhibitions. 
Other long-standing cultural events include the Sharjah International Biennial, an art exhibition hosted by 
the Department of Culture and Information since 1993, and the Sharjah International Book Fair, the world's 
fourth-largest book fair, hosted in the Sharjah Expo Centre since 1982. In recognition of its efforts to 
promote reading and literature, Sharjah has been chosen by UNESCO as the 2019 World Book Capital. 
The Sharjah Investment and Development Authority ("Shurooq") undertakes joint venture developments 
with private sector partners to promote the growth of this sector. Recent projects include a canal-side 
shopping and leisure district (the Al Qasba), a park, promenade, mosque and leisure and entertainment 
facility on the Corniche (the Al Majaz Waterfront), a landmark Flag Island, the Al Muntaza Theme Park 
and the Maraya Art Centre. Amongst other projects, Shurooq is currently working to develop the Emirate's 
first 5-star hotel resort in Khorfakkan on the east coast, in partnership with the Chedi Group, and a luxury 
heritage-themed hotel as the centrepiece of its 15 year masterplan (2010-2025) to restore the historic Heart 
of Sharjah district. 
Shurooq is engaged in strategic joint ventures and partnerships in order to improve Sharjah's ability to 
attract tourists and investors. Examples of such joint ventures include its partnerships with: (i) Eagle Hills 
to develop three major projects (Maryam Island, Kalba Waterfront and Palace Al Khan) (ii) Nakheel to 
develop a new community retail centre; and (iii) Diamond Developers to develop a mixed-used project in 
Sustainable City.

--- Page 108 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
Shurooq is also developing environmental tourism in the region with the expansion of safari lodges in 
natural reserve areas. The Kingfisher Lodge commenced operations in 2018 and is located in the Kalba 
natural reserve area. Al Badayer Oasis Lodge and Al Faya Retreat in the Mleiha area opened in 2019. 
Electricity, Gas and Water 
SEWA is 100 per cent. owned by the Government and is responsible for providing power, water and natural 
gas in the Emirate. The electricity, gas and water supply sector, which focuses on distribution to the public, 
contributed 2.8 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020 and 2.5 per cent. In 2019 and 2.4 in 2018. As 
with the mining and quarrying sector, the primary driver of activity in the electricity, gas and water supply 
sector is demand for utility services from residential, commercial and industrial areas in Sharjah. For further 
details, see "Infrastructure — Utilities" below. 
Agriculture, Forestry and Fishing 
The agricultural sector contributed 1.4 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 1.2 per cent. in 2018 
and 2017 respectively. The sector includes small-scale arable production in areas irrigated from natural 
oases and aquifers in the north and east of the Emirate, with crops such as vegetables, dates and turf. Dairy 
and poultry production also form part of the agricultural sector. 
Health and Social Work 
The health and social work sector contributed 1.1 per cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 2019 and 
2018. The sector is primarily driven by activities of the Government, whether through the direct facilitation 
of social services or through the enablement of private sector delivery. The Government established the 
free zone of Sharjah Healthcare City to capitalise on regional demand for high-quality health services. The 
free zone authority provides basic infrastructure and a light-touch regulatory environment with the intention 
of attracting a wide range of healthcare providers from the UAE and from overseas. Sharjah Healthcare 
City is expected to expand the healthcare cluster, which has, in recent years, begun to develop around the 
adjacent site of University City, with the development of a teaching hospital, nursing college and dental 
college. 
Other sectors 
The Other sectors, comprised of the arts, recreation and other services sector, the education sector and the 
professional, scientific and technical activities sector, contributed 11.2 per cent., 10.7 per cent. and 10.5 per 
cent. of Sharjah's nominal GDP in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.  
The Emirate is continuing to invest in infrastructure to establish itself as a regional centre for educational 
excellence. In particular, the Government has established the University City, a 15 million square metre 
site which is home to a growing number of higher education institutions, including AUS, the University of 
Sharjah, Men's and Ladies' Colleges, Sharjah Higher Colleges of Technology, Skyline University and the 
Police Sciences Institute. The Sharjah Research Academy has also been established to serve as an umbrella 
organisation for 10 research institutes specialising in fields such as renewable energy, medical research, 
environmental research and engineering research. The Government has implemented a Research Levy of 
AED 10 on all government service fees of AED 50 or more, which will be used alongside other funding to 
support a research programme, coordinated by the AUS, aiming to make Sharjah the leading research centre 
in the region. 
Inflation 
The table below shows the levels of the General Consumer Price Index ("CPI") (together with its 
constituent elements) for Sharjah for each of the years indicated. 
Major Groups of Expenditure 
2017 
2018 
2019 
All items of consumer price index ............................................................... 
107.09 
111.88 
108.54 
Food and soft drinks ....................................................................................... 
106.26 
111.47 
108.30 
Beverages and Tobacco .................................................................................. 
120.64 
185.83 
186.15 
Textiles, clothing and Footwear ..................................................................... 
99.47 
100.40 
98.27 
Housing .......................................................................................................... 
109.89 
107.41 
99.30 
Furniture and household goods ...................................................................... 
100.95 
106.64 
105.33 
Medical care ................................................................................................... 
99.86  
100.54 
100.91 
Transportation ................................................................................................ 
103.03 
118.35 
116.20 
Communications ............................................................................................ 
98.81 
100.99 
99.99 
Recreation and Culture ................................................................................... 
102.90 
106.84 
102.31

--- Page 109 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
Major Groups of Expenditure 
2017 
2018 
2019 
Education ....................................................................................................... 
114.09 
119.74 
122.15 
Restaurants and hotels .................................................................................... 
104.72 
111.36 
112.06 
Miscellaneous goods and services .................................................................. 
114.93 
120.80 
121.23 
 _______________  
Base year 2014=100. 
Source: Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority 
The table below shows the CPI and the percentage change, year-on-year, of the CPI of Sharjah and of the 
UAE for each of the years indicated. 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Sharjah CPI .................................................................................................... 
107.1 
111.9 
108.54 
108.22 
Sharjah CPI (percentage change, year on year) .............................................. 
2.7 
4.5 
(3.0) 
(0.3) 
UAE CPI ........................................................................................................ 
107.8 
111.1 
109.0 
106.7 
UAE CPI (percentage change, year on year) .................................................. 
1.9 
3.1 
(1.9) 
(2.1) 
 _______________  
Base year 2017=100. 
Source: Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority. 
Sharjah and the UAE as a whole experienced negative consumer price inflation in 2019, as the one-off 
impact of the introduction of a national value added tax at a rate of five per cent. on most consumer goods 
and services worked through the economy and supply chain. In 2020, both Sharjah and the UAE as a whole 
again saw negative consumer price inflation rates, as the economic restrictions arising from Covid-19 
depressed demand for goods and services. 
Employment and Wages 
Data from the 2015 Sharjah Census (the "2015 Census") showed that 74 per cent. of Sharjah's residents 
aged 15 or over were employed, with a further 12 per cent. being domestic workers and 3.0 per cent. being 
business owners, self-employed or students with employment. 5.3 per cent. of Sharjah's residents were full-
time students and 1.6 per cent. were retired, self-supporting or working for free. Only 3.7 per cent. of the 
resident population were unemployed. In general, expatriates are required to be employed or sponsored by 
an employed family member in order to remain in the UAE. As a result, expatriates are not entitled to 
unemployment benefits or to social services and the Government's focus is on employment for UAE 
nationals. 
The table below shows employment by category of Sharjah based nationals aged 15 or over, based on the 
results of the 2015 Census (no updated census information is currently available for Sharjah). 
 
Number 
Percentage 
Employees and domestic workers ............................................................................................ 
61,367 
59% 
Business owners, self-employed and students with employment ............................................. 
2,325 
2% 
Full-time students ..................................................................................................................... 
19,260 
19% 
Retired, self-supporting and working for free ........................................................................... 
13,638 
13% 
Unemployed ............................................................................................................................. 
7,175 
7% 
Total ........................................................................................................................................ 
103,765 
100% 
 _______________  
Source: Sharjah Census 2015. 
The 2015 Census indicated that 80 per cent. of respondents aged 15 and over were working or studying, 
whereas 13 per cent. were outside the workforce for various reasons (e.g. retirement, doing voluntary work), 
and 7 per cent. were unemployed. 
In September 1999, UAE nationals working for private companies became entitled to the same social 
security and pension benefits as those working for the Federal Government. Under the Federal 
Government's national pension and social security scheme, nationals who have contributed to the scheme 
will be eligible for retirement benefits, disability benefits and compensation on death. The General 
Authority for Pensions and Social Security, an independent entity of the Federal Government, which invests 
employer and employee contributions to fund the social security programme, was established to operate the 
scheme. Separate social security provision is made for all members of the military and the police force. 
On 2 November 2017, H.H. The Ruler issued Emiri Decree No. 70 of 2017 to establish the SSSF. The 
decree stipulates that Emirati employees working in Sharjah's government and semi-government entities,

--- Page 110 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
including companies and private sector enterprises wholly owned by the Government, will benefit from the 
pensions and retirement benefits framework established by the SSSF. 
Infrastructure 
Infrastructure development is considered to be a key component for Sharjah's future expansion, economic 
growth and social connectivity. Sharjah is well-connected to the other emirates, has good 
telecommunication facilities, and a well-established road network with large highways linking it to Abu 
Dhabi, Dubai and the northern emirates and a number of ports. Sharjah is also the location of the UAE's 
third-largest airport, SIA, and is adjacent to Dubai International Airport, the world's busiest airport. 
In 2020, the Government established a new Authority of Initiatives Implementation and Infrastructure 
Development in the Emirate of Sharjah, known as "Mubadara", to oversee selection, planning and 
implementation of non-commercial capital projects. Mubadara will also raise project-specific finance from 
various sources, whereas previously non-commercial capital projects were financed as part of the 
Government budget. In 2020, Mubadara raised an initial amount of AED 1.7 billion in term finance and 
working capital (which is reported as a negative cash balance) to fund non-commercial capital projects. 
From 2020, the Government's "Payments toward capital projects" in the table of Cash Expenditure reflects 
any direct capital expenditure payments by the Government and service payments made to Mubadara in 
respect of Mubadara's management of capital projects. 
Roads and Railways 
An extensive network of roads has been developed in Sharjah over recent decades. In 2014, the Sharjah 
Roads and Transport Authority (the "SRTA") was established to combine public transport provision and 
transport infrastructure planning within the Emirate. The SRTA is developing a strategic transport plan for 
the Emirate. The SRTA regulates a fleet of 4,893 taxis operating in Sharjah (as of 2020) and increased the 
number of intercity buses from 69 to 200 between 2016 and 2019.  
The Federal Government is responsible for building and maintaining inter-emirate highways, notably the 
Sheikh Mohammed Bin Zayed Road and the Emirates Highway on which major upgrade programmes have 
recently been completed, including widening of busy portions of the route and junction enhancements to 
create freer traffic flow. 
In 2019, the Government completed a major new highway to link Khorfakkan Port on the east coast with 
Sharjah City which includes the UAE's longest rock tunnel through the Hajar mountains. The total cost of 
the multi-year project, which was funded by the Government, was approximately AED 5 billion. 
Other projects underway for relieving traffic congestion in Sharjah City include multiple surface 
improvement, road widening and junction amendment projects. 
In December 2019, Etihad Rail awarded an AED 4.6 billion civil works and construction contract to a joint 
venture company formed by China Railway Construction Corporation and National Projects and 
Construction to link Fujairah and Khorfakkan ports to the network at the Sharjah-Dubai border. In 2015, 
stage one of the project, which extends 264 kilometres, was delivered, linking the Shah and Habshan gas 
fields in the Al Dhafra region of Abu Dhabi to the port of Ruwais on the Arabian Gulf, with a capacity of 
transferring 22,000 tons of sulphur granules daily. The second stage of the project is expected to extend 
605 kilometres from Ghuweifat on the border with Saudi Arabia to Fujairah on the east coast. Stage A will 
extend 139 kilometres, linking Ruwais with Ghuweifat, stage B, will extend 216 kilometres from Tarif to 
Seeh Shuaib, stage C, extending 94 kilometres from Jebel Ali to Sharjah and stage D, being 145 kilometres 
from Sharjah to the ports of Fujairah and Khorfakkan. Construction of the second stage of the project began 
in January 2020 and it is expected that the project will be followed by future route additions to complete 
the network. 
Ports 
Sharjah has three deep water ports, which provide access to the Indian Ocean and the Arabian Gulf and 
have a combined capacity of 4 million containers: (i) Khorfakkan Port; (ii) Hamriyah Port; and (iii) Port 
Khalid. 
Khorfakkan Port was established in 1977 and underwent a major expansion in 2010 to handle the growing 
demand for container vessels. The port has six berths with a total aggregate length of 2.0 kilometres and is

--- Page 111 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
dredged to 16.0 metres at mean low water. Khorfakkan Port is the only container port on the UAE's east 
coast, providing direct access to the Indian Ocean without passing through the Strait of Hormuz. 
Khorfakkan Port has an open yard storage facility capacity of 600,000 square metres out of a total area of 
850,000 square metres. 
Hamriyah Port, established in 1986, is located adjacent to HFZ, providing marine access for the free zone's 
industrial operators. The port, which specialises in the provision of bulk, general and project cargo services, 
is close to major international shipping lanes. It has six deep water berths, is dredged to 14 metres and has 
three specialised berths for handling petrochemical shipments. Other services include open yard and 
warehouse storage facilities. In addition, Hamriyah Port has an inner harbour with a 3.2 kilometre quay 
wall. Hamriyah Port is currently being upgraded to accommodate a new LNG receiving facility to serve 
Sharjah and the northern Emirates. 
Port Khalid in Sharjah City was established in 1976 and has three deep water berths ranging from 220 
metres to 1,000 metres in length and is dredged to 12.5 metres. Port Khalid also has 16 normal berths of 
nine metre draft. Port Khalid specialises in the provision of bulk, general and project services and provides 
open yard and warehouse storage facilities. 
Sharjah International Airport and Aviation 
SIA is the third-largest airport in the UAE and is differentiated from other airports in the region by its high 
level of freight services and its close partnership with Air Arabia, which uses SIA as its primary hub. SIA 
occupies an area of approximately 5,000 acres located to the east of Sharjah City, connected to the city and 
to other emirates by major highways. In 2014, a new 4,060 metre runway was built, at a cost of around 
AED 500 million. The table below gives the key figures for Sharjah International Airport for the years 
indicated. 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Passengers (millions).................................................................................. 
11.4 
12.0 
13.6 
4.2 
Aircraft movements (thousands) ................................................................ 
77.6 
81.3 
86.5 
33.2 
Cargo (thousand tonnes) ............................................................................. 
148.3 
146.3 
148.8 
99.6 
 
SIA hosted flights from 32 airlines in the year ended 31 December 2019 (including passenger and cargo 
airlines), serving over 100 destinations in both years (source: Sharjah Airport Authority). In 2020, as a 
result of the COVID-19 pandemic, Sharjah International Airport was affected by domestic and international 
restrictions on the movement of aircraft and passengers. As a result, it hosted fewer passengers, (a decrease 
of 69 per cent. from 2019) experienced fewer aircraft movements (also a decrease of 69 per cent. from 
2019) and handled fewer tonnes of Cargo (a decrease of 33 per cent. from 2019). In 2021, the UAE and 
Sharjah authorities have placed temporary restrictions on movements to and from a more limited number 
of destinations, responding to changes in the incidence and management of COVID -19 in various countries. 
While these restrictions continue to have some impact on traffic at Sharjah International Airport, the 
Government expects the effect in 2021 to be considerably less marked than in 2020. 
Sharjah has developed a niche in the sea-to-air traffic sector through the SAIF Zone where sea-to-air 
transfers can be made within six to eight hours. 
As part of the first phase of the expansion of SIA, a second runway was constructed, which became 
operational in October 2014. The second runway accommodates large new generation ICAO (International 
Civil Aviation Organization) Code F aircraft such as the Airbus A380. 
A second phase of the expansion of SIA is being planned by Sharjah Airport Authority, with the objective 
of increasing capacity through the construction of a second terminal in addition to the second runway. In 
2019, passenger movements were 13.6 million, compared to 12.0 million passenger movements in 2018. 
The planned expansion, which will resume in full once traffic returns to pre-pandemic levels, is expected 
to increase the airport's capacity to 20 million passengers per annum following completion, which is 
expected by 2023. Financing for the expansion will come from a combination of Sharjah Airport Authority's 
existing revenues and debt financing, potentially including export finance where applicable. 
Air Arabia was incorporated in 2003 as the first low-cost airline in the Middle East. Its primary hub is SIA 
and it serves over 90 destinations in the MENA region, Asia and Europe. Air Arabia has contributed to an 
increase in tourism numbers in Sharjah and the wider UAE and carried 12.0 million passengers in 2019, 
compared to 8.7 million passengers in 2018. Air Arabia is listed on the Dubai Financial Market (the 
"DFM"). The aviation industry has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic leading to a general

--- Page 112 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
decreased demand for air travel. As a result, Air Arabia has operated more limited services since grounding 
passenger flights in March 2020, and its ability to resume normal operations will depend on domestic and 
international restrictions on passenger movements. and it is unclear when normal operations will resume. 
Telecommunications 
The UAE has well-developed, technologically-advanced telecommunications infrastructure and has high 
mobile telephone penetration. Since 1976, the majority Federal Government-owned telecommunications 
corporation, Emirates Telecommunications Corporation ("Etisalat"), has operated, maintained and 
developed the national and international fixed-line network, mobile telephony, internet access and cable 
TV services. 
In mid-2004, the Federal Government announced plans to end the monopoly of Etisalat. A regulator, the 
Telecommunications Regulatory Authority was formed to oversee the process and, in 2006, it granted a 
licence to Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company, a new telecom provider (known in the 
market as "du") owned 39.50 per cent. by the Federal Government (through the Emirates Investment 
Authority), 20.08 per cent. by Mamoura Diversified Global Holding PJSC, 20 per cent. by Emirates 
Telecommunications and Technology Ltd. and 20.92 per cent. by the public. 
The UAE's well-developed, technologically-advanced telecommunications infrastructure and high mobile 
telephone penetration contribute to the growth of Sharjah's economy. 
Utilities 
SEWA is 100 per cent. owned by the Government and is responsible for providing power, water and natural 
gas in the Emirate. 
In 1995, H.H. The Ruler issued Emiri Decree No. 1 of 1995 establishing SEWA. SEWA regulates the 
ownership, management, operation and maintenance of electricity generation and water desalination plants, 
water rights, distribution and transport network, electricity transmission and dispatch network and other 
assets and facilities of the electricity and water sector in the Emirate. The authority also monitors the price 
of water and power services sold to consumers, in order to ensure fairness and transparency at all times, 
and that present and future consumer demand, in water and power services is properly met through 
sustainable planning and development, and that local water and electricity projects are managed and run 
consistently with international best practices and existing environmental laws. SEWA is also empowered 
to set up central cooling stations, to establish clean energy companies and to enter into joint ventures with 
companies in the field of renewable and alternative energy. 
Electricity is generated by gas and diesel fired power stations located within the Emirate. In 2020 electricity 
consumption in Sharjah was 10.9 billion KWh, down from 10. billion KWh in 2019 and 11.2 billion KWh 
the previous year according to data from SEWA. 
SEWA supplements locally-produced electricity through electricity purchase agreements with the Emirates 
Water and Electricity Company ("EWEC"), the water and power procuring authority falling under Abu 
Dhabi Power C through the Emirates National Grid. The total demand for electricity in Sharjah is expected 
to increase from 2,000 MW in 2013 to 4,066 MW in 2023. SEWA is planning to meet this need by 
increasing generating capacity, increasing the use of natural gas from Sharjah's own gas fields and by 
entering into additional electricity purchase agreements with the ADWEC and fuel supply arrangements, 
subject to commercial negotiations with third parties. A long-term plan has been devised to address the 
need for new capacity and to diversify fuel mix and the supplier base. SEWA's planned investment 
programme includes a 1,800 MW combined cycle gas turbine plant in Al Hamriyah, to be procured under 
the Independent Power Producer structure, with SEWA as the sole off-taker and Sharjah Asset Management 
LLC as a minority shareholder in the project consortium. As of June 2021, 80 per cent. of the work at Al 
Hamriyah power plant had been completed. The first of the installed phases began trial operations in April 
2021 with main operations expected to begin in November 2021. Completion of the second phase of 
installation is expected to take place in February 2022, while the third and final phase is anticipated to be 
completed in 2023. Additionally, a 1,026 MW combined cycle gas turbine plant in Al Layyeh is being 
procured under a conventional Engineering, Procurement and Construction contract model, primarily using 
export finance with SEWA as the obligor (with no Government guarantee). SEWA is also considering 
expansion of its water desalination capacity and electricity transmission and distribution network.

--- Page 113 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
In 2020 SEWA provided 112.4 million cubic metres of natural gas to properties, extracted 2,182 million 
gallons of water from underground sources and produced 35,580 million gallons of water through 
desalination. 
Education 
The development of Sharjah's education system has been a key priority for the Emirate due to H.H. The 
Ruler's personal leadership, which has led to significant investments in human capital, founded on the 
understanding that an educated population is vital to the long-term growth of Sharjah's economy. 
The Emirate is aiming to establish itself as a regional centre for educational excellence and, in order to 
achieve this, has invested significantly in this area in recent years. In particular, the Government has 
established the University City, a 15 million square metre site which is home to a growing number of higher 
education institutions, including AUS, the University of Sharjah, Men's and Ladies' Colleges, Al Qasimi 
University, Sharjah Higher Colleges of Technology, Skyline University and the Police Sciences Institute. 
The Sharjah Research Academy has also been established to serve as an umbrella organisation for 10 
research institutes specialising in fields such as renewable energy, medical research, environmental research 
and engineering research. 
AUS is one of the few universities in the MENA region to be featured in the top 500 of the Quacquarelli 
Symonds world university rankings that evaluate the top 800 universities out of approximately 3,000 
universities that operate in the world, ranking 348th in 2021 – 7th in the Arab region. The AUS campus 
was established in 1997 and, at present, has a total enrolment of over 5,200 students.  
In April 1997, the Government established the University of Sharjah through Emiri Decree. Since its 
establishment, the Government has opened other campuses of the University of Sharjah on the east coast 
of Sharjah to widen educational access. The university has in excess of 16,400 students and currently offers 
the largest number of accredited programmes in the UAE, with 116 academic degree programmes including 
59 bachelor's degrees, 40 master's degrees, 15 PhD degrees and two associate diploma degrees. It ranks in 
the top 650 universities worldwide in the QS rankings. 
On January 2019, Government signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Arab Academy for 
Science, Technology and Maritime Transport - Sharjah Branch, an Egypt based specialisd organistion of 
the Arab League, to establish AASTMT branch in Khor Fakkan, Sharjah. 
The new AASTMT branch in Sharjah will qualify graduates specialized in various maritime transport 
sciences and technologies, in addition to international transport, logistics as well as maritime law. This will 
offer state-of-the-art specialised educational programs and provide the labour market with calibres in all 
fields of the maritime industry. The university has in excess of 165 students at Sharjah branch. 
A cluster of health-related education institutes has developed in University City, including a teaching 
hospital, nursing college and dental college. These will complement Sharjah Healthcare City as an engine 
for the future sectoral growth. 
In April 2015, a new Islamic university, Al Qasimia University, was officially opened in Sharjah, as part 
of the Islamic Centre being developed to mark Sharjah's status as Capital of Islamic Culture in 2014. 
The Government has also developed a new research centre, Sharjah Research Centre, to document detailed 
information regarding the publishing world in the Middle East. Sharjah Research Centre was opened in 
2015. In January 2017, the Government implemented a Research Levy of AED 10 on all government 
service fees of AED 50 or more, which will be used alongside other funding to support a research 
programme, coordinated by the AUS, aiming to make Sharjah the leading research centre in the region. 
The AUS Research, Technology and Innovation (RTI) Park is currently being developed, adjacent to 
American University of Sharjah campus, by the university's commercial and investment arm AUS 
Enterprises. The park will encourage research, development and knowledge-intensive businesses to 
establish themselves in the free zone. 
While the Federal Government provides basic education for UAE nationals, the Government opts to 
supplement this with its own initiatives and funding in order to enhance provision. This activity is overseen 
by the Education Council, a centralised department of the Government. The Government has implemented

--- Page 114 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
a "model school" programme, providing equipment, facilities and pedagogic support according to 
international best practice, initially for a number of pilot schools, but now being rolled out more widely. 
Schooling for expatriate children is provided in the private sector, with some Sharjah schools, such as 
Victoria International School, Choueifat School and Sharjah English School, considered among the top 
education establishments in the UAE. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Ministry of Education 
and Sharjah Private Education Authority closed all public and private schools in Sharjah for in-person 
teaching on 5 March 2020, requiring all schools to implement remote learning techniques from 22 March 
2020. Private schools have been able to reopen in 2021 if they are able to demonstrate strict compliance 
with requirements for social distancing and sanitation, whereas public schools remained closed for in-
person teaching throughout the 2020/2021 academic year.  
Foreign Direct Investment and Free Zones 
Foreign Direct Investment 
A federal law on Foreign Direct Investment came into force on 23 September 2018, providing a framework 
to allow increased foreign ownership in selected sectors and setting out a process for applying for majority 
foreign ownership. This new law classifies activities into three different categories (negative, positive and 
those which do not fall into either category) and the UAE Cabinet has confirmed that it will be left to the 
discretion of the local governments at an Emirate level to decide on the percentage of foreign ownership 
for each sector and activity.  
The Sharjah Foreign Direct Investment Office recorded foreign direct investment into Sharjah from outside 
the United Arab Emirates of AED 809 million in 2020, AED 5,123 million in 2019 and AED 3,691 million 
in 2018, using the methodology of the World Bank and the United Nations Conference on Trade and 
Development. The Sharjah Foreign Direct Investment Office is also active in promoting Sharjah across the 
globe, including the major markets in India, Russia, China, United States of America, Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia, France, Italy, and Germany.  
Shurooq 
Shurooq, the Sharjah Investment and Development Authority, was established by Emiri Decree in 2009 as 
a public authority to support the economic development of Sharjah. Its objective is to attract foreign direct 
investment opportunities into the Emirate and to reshape the perception of the Emirate amongst 
international and regional communities. 
Shurooq's main areas of activity are: (i) increasing investment into Sharjah; (ii) creating new employment 
opportunities; (iii) targeting priority sectors, markets and investors; (iv) improving the business 
environment of Sharjah; and (v) creating awareness of Sharjah as a business destination. 
Shurooq has a general mandate to attract foreign direct investment across the economy. Shurooq undertook 
a major study in 2012 to identify sectors that had high potential to attract increased levels of investment 
and to lead future economic growth in Sharjah. This study identified travel and leisure, healthcare, 
transportation and logistics, and environmental industries as key areas of focus. Shurooq has since been 
focusing investment promotion activities in these sectors, supported by Government initiatives, such as 
development of new tourist facilities (travel and leisure); the establishment of a new healthcare free zone 
(healthcare); the expansion of seaport and airport activities (transportation and logistics); and the 
elimination of landfilling of municipal waste (environmental industries). 
Shurooq also acts directly in the travel and leisure sector through developments and joint ventures (see 
"Principal Sectors of the Economy — Social Accommodation and Food Service"). These projects are 
intended as breakthrough initiatives to encourage and enable the private sector to bring forward its own 
future high-quality developments. 
Sharjah Asset Management 
Initially set up in 2008 as a division of Sharjah Finance Department, in 2012, Sharjah Asset Management 
LLC ("SAM") was established as an independent entity solely dedicated to the expansion of Sharjah's 
wealth. Its objectives are to create a competitive economy for the emirate through best-in-class investments 
and deployment of dedicated professionals to maximise returns from investments and enhance the 
economic development of Sharjah. SAM's operations cover investment, real estate development, asset

--- Page 115 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
management and new business ventures. In addition to its shareholdings in various private sector companies 
(see "Public Finance—Government Assets and Investments—Government Investments"), SAM manages 
publicly owned assets such as Souq Al Jubail fresh food market, Al Sajaa Industrial Oasis and Souq Al 
Haraj Auto Mall. It has entered into joint ventures in the real estate sector, such as Tilal Properties and 
Sharjah Holding, and the service delivery sector, including Rafid Automotive Solutions and Tasjeel vehicle 
registration service. 
Free Zones 
Free zones have been established in each of the emirates of the UAE. There are many incentives for foreign 
corporate entities to set up in one of the free zones in the UAE. Foreign corporate entities can operate in 
the free zones, and free zone incorporated entities can be 100 per cent. foreign owned unlike corporate 
entities registered in the UAE. Foreign corporate entities are not permitted to operate in the Emirate outside 
a free zone unless they operate in conjunction with a local partner. The ability to import into the free zones 
and to export without any import duties, taxes or currency restrictions being levied on the free zone entity 
has been a key driver for foreign corporate entities that are registered in the free zones. 
Free Zones in Sharjah 
The free zones in Sharjah offer 100 per cent. foreign ownership, a tax-free environment, free transfer of 
funds, competitive pricing, a one stop shop for business services and long-lease periods. The following free 
zones located in Sharjah are operational: (i) HFZ (supervised by the Hamriyah Free Zone Authority); and 
(ii) SAIF Zone (supervised by the Sharjah Airport International Free Zone Authority). Sharjah Healthcare 
City is a new free zone dedicated to Healthcare. It was established by Emiri Decree in 2012 but is not yet 
fully operational (see "Principal Sectors of the Economy — Health and Social Work"). A new media free 
zone, Shams (as defined herein), was established by Emiri Decree in 2016 to play a lead role in growing 
the Emirate's media and creative sectors, attracting entrepreneurs and startups and developing local talent. 
As part of the research programme being undertaken by the Government, the Sharjah Research, Technology 
and Innovation Park Free Zone has been established adjacent to University City, with construction on the 
basic infrastructure currently underway. This free zone is being created to develop and manage an 
ecosystem that promotes research and development, supports enterprise activities and the triple helix 
collaboration of industry, government and academia. 
Despite strong competition from other free zones, HFZ and SAIF Zone have contributed substantially to 
economic activity in Sharjah in recent years. The number of companies operating in each of HFZ and SAIF 
Zone are set out in the following table: 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
HFZ ...................................................................................................................................... 
5.361 
5.180 
4,811 
Saif Zone .............................................................................................................................. 
6,559 
6,273 
5,618 
 
• 
Hamriyah Free Zone ("HFZ") 
o 
HFZ is located 20 kilometres north east of the centre of Sharjah City and is the second-largest 
industrial free zone in the UAE. As at 31 December 2020, there were almost 5,000 companies 
incorporated/licensed in HFZ from over 150 countries. HFZ is currently being expanded to 
provide increased space in the free zone in the maritime sector as well as the petrochemical 
and timber sectors. 
o 
Although a significant proportion of tenants in HFZ are involved in heavier and basic 
industries, due to HFZ's large land area and proximity to the ports, in practice a wide range of 
activities are conducted by companies operating in the free zone. As at 31 December 2020, 
the top five tenants in HFZ are: (i) Lamprell Energy Ltd; (ii) Quality International Co. LTD. 
FZC; (iii) Damen Shipyard Sharjah FZE; (iv) Eversendai Engineering FZE; and (v) Gulf 
Petrochem FZC. As at 31 December 2020, the key sectors of HFZ, in terms of the number of 
companies operating in the free zone, are machinery and equipment (19.0 per cent,), oil and 
gas (15.0 per cent.), electronics and IT (13.0 per cent.) and professional services (13.0 per 
cent.) 
o 
To support the SME sector, HFZ provides the Hamriyah SME Zone, a large area, established 
in 2008, supported by inner harbour facilities, which provides preferential economic treatment 
for SMEs in terms of discounted lease rents and rent holidays in applicable cases. The

--- Page 116 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
Hamriyah Free Zone Logistic Village was established to provide an all in one logistics and 
distribution centre for companies operating in HFZ, and comprises over 400 warehouse units, 
ranging from 275 to 600 square metres in size. Hamriyah MB Zone was established to cater 
for the requirements of micro business owners and offers convenient and practical business 
solutions for such business owners. 
o 
In addition to the 22 million square metres of land currently endowed to the HFZ in respect 
of the first and second phases of HFZ's development, another 4 million square metres has 
been allocated for the third phase of the HFZ's development, which is nearing completion and 
is set up for sectors such as steel, heavy engineering and allied industries. 
• 
Sharjah Airport International Free Zone ("SAIF Zone") 
o 
SAIF Zone is located adjacent to SIA, making it easily accessible by road to Sharjah's east 
and west coast seaports as well as providing connectivity by air. Established in 1995 with 35 
companies, as at 31 December 2020, SAIF Zone provided services to almost 6,000 companies 
employing over 41,000 people. 
o 
Given its location and the predominance of warehouse and office space, as compared to retail 
or industrial units, SAIF Zone has a particular focus on light to medium manufacturing, 
trading and professional services. There are also a number of business service companies 
operating from SAIF Zone who support other operators in the zone and the SIA area. For 
further details, see "Sharjah International Airport and Aviation" above. 
• 
Sharjah Media City 
o 
Sharjah Media City ("Shams") was established in January 2017, with a vision to be a world-
class hub for media and creativity in the region. Shams comprises a tax-free city with modern 
infrastructure and services. Shams' mission is to make creative entrepreneurship accessible to 
all aspiring startups, SMEs and established companies striving to grow their business both 
locally and globally. Shams offers smart innovative services, coupled with a holistic 
community-centred approach. 
o 
By 31 December 2020, 6,992 companies had registered. 
• 
Sharjah Publishing City 
o 
Sharjah Publishing City is a centrally located and easily accessible free zone located seven 
minutes from Sharjah International Airport and 15 minutes from Dubai International Airport, 
with access to over 40 trading ports on Sheikh Bin Zayed Road. As a multifaceted business 
licensing organisation, Sharjah Publishing City provides business friendly legislation, 
business support services and offers entrepreneurs the expertise, knowhow, and tools to 
successfully and seamlessly set up businesses in the UAE, operating out of Sharjah.

--- Page 117 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
BALANCE OF PAYMENTS AND FOREIGN TRADE 
As Sharjah does not prepare separate balance of payment statistics, this section describes the UAE's balance 
of payments generally. 
The UAE has traditionally pursued a free-trade policy for deeper integration into the global trading system. 
The UAE pursues a free-trade policy by liberalising its trade regime through free-trade agreements 
("FTAs") with other countries and organisations. Being a member of the GCC, the UAE's trade policy is 
closely linked to the trade policy of the other GCC member countries on account of, amongst other things, 
the GCC Economic Agreement of 2002, which calls for a "collective negotiation strategy" in the conduct 
of FTAs with major trading partners, and the establishment of the GCC Customs Union in 2003, which was 
aimed at enhancing economic unity amongst the member states and allowing the member states to engage 
in FTA negotiations as a unified trading bloc. 
Balance of Payments 
Since there are no separate figures on the current and capital account for Sharjah, the table below gives the 
balance of payments for the UAE for each of the years indicated.  
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020* 
 
(AED billions) 
Current account balance ....................................  
101.0 
148.7 
137.1 
77.1 
Trade balance (FOB) ............................................  
246.9 
314.6 
295.5 
228.9 
Total exports of hydrocarbon ...............................  
213.5 
247.2 
220.8 
140.9 
Total of non-hydrocarbon exports ........................  
391.5 
410.6 
415.0 
394.5 
Re-exports(1) .........................................................  
546.5 
521.2 
516.6 
467.6 
Total exports and re-exports (FOB) ......................  
1,151.5 
1,179.0 
1,152.4 
1,003.0 
Total imports (FOB) .............................................  
(904.7) 
(864.4) 
(856.9) 
(774.1) 
Services (net)........................................................  
(4.8) 
(1.8) 
7.6 
9.6 
Investment income (net) .......................................  
10.2 
5.2 
7.6 
(1.7) 
Transfers (net) ......................................................  
(151.3) 
(169.3) 
(173.6) 
(159.7) 
Financial account ...............................................  
(62.6) 
(126.9) 
(90.4) 
(78.5) 
Errors and omissions ............................................  
(2.0) 
(8.9) 
(11.3) 
(12.2) 
Overall balance ...................................................  
36.4 
13.0 
35.7 
(13.1) 
 _______________  
* 
Preliminary data subject to revision 
(1) Includes re-exports of non-monetary gold. 
Source: UAE Central Bank Annual Reports 2018, 2019 and 2020. 
The UAE has a long history of positive trade balances reflecting the importance of its hydrocarbon exports, 
its more recent successful diversification into other export industries and its significant volumes of re-
exports. From total exports and re-exports, the UAE's hydrocarbon exports accounted for 18.5 per cent. in 
2017, 21.0 per cent. in 2018, 19.2 per cent. in 2019 and 14.0 per cent. in 2020. The UAE's re-exports 
accounted for 47.5 per cent. of the total exports and re-exports in 2017, 44.2 per cent. in 2018 and 44.8 per 
cent. in 2019 and 46.6 per cent. in 2020. 
The value of the UAE's hydrocarbon exports, the vast majority of which are made by Abu Dhabi, can be 
volatile as they depend on prevailing oil prices and the prevailing OPEC production quotas policy. Crude 
oil makes up the largest part of the UAE's hydrocarbon exports, accounting for 48.5 per cent. in 2020. 
Data on non-trade flows into and out of the UAE is not complete and is routinely subject to revision, 
reflecting, in part, weaknesses of the central statistical bodies and, in part, the operations of the large free 
zones. In general, however, the UAE tends to have a non-trade balance deficit reflecting services outflows 
underlining the UAE's dependence on foreign services for the development of its industrial and services 
sectors. In addition, there are significant levels of current transfers principally reflecting expatriate workers' 
remittances. 
The UAE had a positive current account balance in each of 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 (based on 
preliminary estimates subject to revision) equal to 7.3 per cent., 9.8 per cent. 8.9 per cent. and 5.9 per cent. 
respectively, of the UAE's nominal GDP in each of these years. The reduction in the current account surplus 
in 2020 reflected lower overall volumes of global trade, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, affecting 
both import and export levels, and particularly a lower value of hydrocarbon exports from the UAE.  
The UAE participates in the Article IV consultation process with the IMF. In November 2019, the IMF 
completed the UAE 2019 Article IV Consultation, which highlighted that economic activity was considered

--- Page 118 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
to be recovering and likely to pick up more momentum in 2020, helped by Expo 2020 and existing fiscal 
stimulus. It was noted in the consultation that sustaining growth momentum over the medium term and 
further diversifying the economy should remain key priorities, with government bodies fostering growth of 
the non-oil private sector, including SMEs, and developing transparent, rules-based fiscal frameworks. 
The 2019 IMF Article IV Consultation noted the positive impact expected from Expo 2020 Dubai. 
However, as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak and the corresponding restrictions imposed on travel, on 
30 March 2020, Expo 2020 Dubai's steering committee entered discussions with the Bureau International 
des Expositions ("BIE") to potentially delay Expo 2020 Dubai by one year (see "Risk Factors - Risks 
relating to the ongoing coronavirus COVID-19"). Following a vote of the BIE's member states, on 29 May 
2020, the BIE General Assembly approved the postponement of Expo 2020 Dubai and as a result the dates 
of Expo 2020 Dubai have officially been changed to 1 October 2021 – 31 March 2022, although the event 
will keep the name Expo 2020 Dubai. 
Since 1 June 2014, the UAE has been included in MSCI Inc.'s ("MSCI") Emerging Markets Index which 
captures large and mid-cap representation across 26 emerging market countries. The MSCI Emerging 
Markets Index is based on the MSCI Global Investable Indexed Methodology – a comprehensive and 
consistent approach to index construction that allows for meaningful global views and cross regional 
comparisons across all market capitalisation size, sector and style segments and combinations. With 21 
constituents, the index covers approximately 85 per cent. of the UAE equity universe. 
Capital Account 
No data has been released on the UAE's external debt position. See "Indebtedness" for a description of 
direct indebtedness incurred by the Government. In general, the size of the UAE's trade and current account 
surpluses, coupled with the limited capacity of the local economy to absorb capital, ensures that net foreign 
capital flows have almost always been outward, entrenching the UAE's position as a net international 
creditor and foreign investor. 
Most capital outflows have been directed towards the U.S. and European capital markets although more 
recently there has also been an increase in direct investment in Europe, Asia, Africa and the wider Middle 
East. This has included entities wholly or partially owned by the governments of certain emirates 
purchasing significant stakes in foreign companies as well as major corporations, such as Emirates 
Telecommunications Corporation (Etisalat), making significant acquisitions in order to boost their regional 
and international presence. 
In 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 the net deficit in the financial account was AED 62.6 billion, AED 126.9 
billion, AED 90.4 billion and AED 78.5 billion respectively. Capital transfers by the private sector 
increased from an outflow of AED 129.3 billion in 2017, to an outflow of AED 140.7 billion in 2018 and 
to an outflow of AED 139.6 billion in 2019 but decreased to an outflow of AED 127.7 billion in 2020. 
Public sector net transfers abroad increased from AED 22.0 billion in 2017 to AED 28.6 billion in 2018 to 
AED 34.0 billion in 2019 and to AED 32.0 billion in 2020. (source: UAE Central Bank). 
In 2020, the overall balance of payments registered a deficit of AED 13.1 billion, equal to 1.0 per cent. of 
the UAE's nominal GDP in that year. 
According to data from the UAE Central Bank, as at 31 December 2017, 31 December 2018, 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020, the UAE's foreign asset holdings (including the IMF) amounted to AED 
350.3 billion, AED 362.5 billion, AED 394.7 billion and AED 388.1 billion respectively (see "Monetary 
and Financial System — Foreign Reserves"). 
The surplus in the trade balance (FOB) increased from AED 246.9 billion in 2017 to AED 314.6 billion in 
2018, subsequently decreased to AED 295.5 billion in 2019 and further decreased to AED 228.9 in 2020 
whilst total exports and re-exports (FOB) increased from AED 1,151.5 billion in 2017 to AED 1,179.0 
billion in 2018, then subsequently decreased to AED 1,152.4 billion in 2019 and further decreased to AED 
1,003.0 in 2020. The reduction in the surplus in the trade balance (FOB) in 2020 related to the lower value 
of exported hydrocarbons of all categories, compared with 2019. 
Composition of UAE Foreign Trade 
The Government has not published data for the imports and exports of Sharjah since 2014, owing to 
methodological challenges. The section below summarises the UAE's foreign trade, using information

--- Page 119 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
compiled by the FCSA. Differences in reporting objectives and methodology mean that the aggregated 
trade data from the FCSA may not match with the trade totals published by the UAE Central Bank. 
Top UAE export destinations, percentage of total non-oil exports based on value 
2018 
2019 
2020*  
Switzerland ......................................................................................................................  
3.9% 
9.0% 
14.1% 
Saudi Arabia .....................................................................................................................  
15.3% 
13.4% 
9.5% 
Turkey ..............................................................................................................................  
5.2% 
3.8% 
7.7% 
India .................................................................................................................................  
8.7% 
10.4% 
7.1% 
Hong Kong .......................................................................................................................  
1.0% 
1.4% 
6.9% 
Italy ..................................................................................................................................  
0.9% 
0.7% 
6.0% 
Oman ................................................................................................................................  
8.4% 
7.0% 
5.2% 
China ................................................................................................................................  
2.5% 
3.6% 
3.4% 
Iraq ...................................................................................................................................  
4.4% 
4.0% 
3.3% 
Kuwait ..............................................................................................................................  
5.1% 
4.3% 
2.6% 
 
 
 
 
 
Top sources of UAE imports, percentage of total imports based on value 
2018 
2019 
2020* 
China ................................................................................................................................  
15.5% 
16.4% 
17.9% 
United States Of America.................................................................................................  
8.5% 
8.0% 
8.2% 
India .................................................................................................................................  
9.4% 
10.7% 
7.9% 
Japan ................................................................................................................................  
5.6% 
5.1% 
4.5% 
Guinea ..............................................................................................................................  
0.9% 
1.0% 
3.7% 
Germany ...........................................................................................................................  
4.5% 
4.0% 
3.5% 
Saudi Arabia .....................................................................................................................  
3.1% 
2.8% 
3.0% 
United Kingdom ...............................................................................................................  
3.1% 
2.9% 
2.8% 
Vietnam ............................................................................................................................  
3.1% 
2.9% 
2.8% 
Italy ..................................................................................................................................  
2.7% 
2.6% 
2.5% 
France...............................................................................................................................  
2.7% 
2.7% 
2.1% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Top categories of UAE non-oil exports, percentage of total exports based on value 
2018 
2019 
2020* 
Pearls, Stones, Precious Metals and Its Articles ...............................................................  
31.0% 
32.9% 
46.0% 
Base Metals and Articles of Base Metal ...........................................................................  
24.0% 
21.0% 
15.3% 
Foodstuffs, Beverages, Spirits and Tobacco .....................................................................  
9.6% 
9.4% 
9.2% 
Plastics, Rubber and Articles Thereof ..............................................................................  
7.7% 
7.5% 
7.2% 
Mineral Products ..............................................................................................................  
5.2% 
9.3% 
4.9% 
Machinery, Sound Recorders, Reproducers and Parts ......................................................  
5.4% 
5.3% 
4.6% 
Products of The Chemical or Allied Industries .................................................................  
4.8% 
4.8% 
4.1% 
Pulp of Wood, Waste, Scrap and Articles of Paper ..........................................................  
2.3% 
1.9% 
2.0% 
Vegetable Products 
1.2% 
1.2% 
1.3% 
Articles of Stone, Mica; Ceramic Products and Glass ......................................................  
1.8% 
1.5% 
1.2% 
 
 
 
 
 
Top categories of UAE non-oil re-exports, percentage of total re-exports based on 
value 
2018 
2019 
2020* 
Machinery, Sound Recorders, Reproducers and Parts ......................................................  
35.7% 
36.8% 
40.2% 
Vehicles of Transport .......................................................................................................  
14.1% 
12.0% 
19.5% 
Pearls, Stones, Precious Metals and Its Articles ...............................................................  
24.2% 
21.8% 
11.6% 
Products of The Chemical or Allied Industries .................................................................  
4.6% 
4.5% 
5.2% 
Mineral Products ..............................................................................................................  
2.4% 
5.5% 
4.3% 
Textiles and Textile Articles ............................................................................................  
3.3% 
3.2% 
2.9% 
Plastics, Rubber and Articles Thereof ..............................................................................  
2.2% 
2.4% 
2.7% 
Photographic, Medical, Musical Instruments & Parts.......................................................  
2.6% 
2.6% 
2.5% 
Base Metals and Articles of Base Metal ...........................................................................  
2.6% 
2.8% 
2.3% 
Foodstuffs, Beverages, Spirits and Tobacco .....................................................................  
2.2% 
1.9% 
2.1% 
 
Top categories of UAE imports, percentage of total imports based on value 
2018 
2019 
2020* 
Machinery, Sound Recorders, Reproducers and Parts ........................................................  
25.7% 
26.0% 
28.0% 
Pearls, Stones, Precious Metals and Its Articles .................................................................  
22.1% 
23.5% 
23.5% 
Vehicles of Transport .........................................................................................................  
11.5% 
9.9% 
8.5% 
Products of The Chemical or Allied Industries ...................................................................  
6.0% 
6.3% 
6.5% 
Base Metals and Articles of Base Metal .............................................................................  
7.0% 
6.0% 
6.3% 
Mineral Products ................................................................................................................  
6.9% 
7.2% 
6.1% 
Vegetable Products .............................................................................................................  
2.5% 
2.5% 
3.1% 
Food, Beverages, Spirits & Tobacco ..................................................................................  
2.8% 
2.6% 
2.9% 
Textiles and Textile Articles ..............................................................................................  
2.9% 
2.8% 
2.8% 
Plastics, Rubber and Articles Thereof ................................................................................  
2.7% 
2.6% 
2.8% 
 _______________  
* 
Reflects first nine months of 2020 
Source: FCSA

--- Page 120 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
Sharjah Foreign Trade 
External trade continues to be a significant contributor to the Sharjah economy. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, efforts are underway to boost the export of Sharjah's manufactured products by implementing 
investor-friendly policies including zero corporate taxation, zero export taxation, low import duties and free 
currency transfers. In general terms, Sharjah is a large producer of goods and materials used in 
manufacturing, construction and industrial activity across the UAE, the Gulf region and its wider trading 
zone, extending to the Indian subcontinent, the Levant region, north Africa and east Africa. Major private-
sector exporters operate in economic sub-sectors such as oil platform construction, downstream 
hydrocarbons and petrochemicals, steel manufacture and shipbuilding. Sharjah also hosts a large amount 
of re-export trade, centred on its free zones, which builds on its ready access to important shipping lanes 
and Sharjah International Airport. As in the rest of the UAE, many consumer goods are imported into 
Sharjah, either directly through Sharjah ports or by road transit after arriving at other locations. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, detailed foreign trade statistical data for Sharjah is not available from 2015 
onwards.

--- Page 121 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
MONETARY AND FINANCIAL SYSTEM 
As Sharjah does not have a separate monetary or financial system, this section describes the UAE's 
monetary and financial system generally, although certain sections focus specifically on Sharjah where 
information is available. 
Monetary and Exchange Rate Policy 
The UAE's monetary and exchange rate policy is managed by the UAE Central Bank. The predecessor of 
the Central Bank was the Currency Board which was established as per Union Law No. (2) of 1973. The 
Currency Board issued the UAE Dirham which replaced the Bahraini Dinar and the Qatari and Dubai Riyal 
currencies which were in use at the time. The Union Law No (10) of 1980 saw the establishment of the 
UAE Central Bank as a public institution and also augmented its functions. The UAE Central Bank 
promotes financial and monetary stability, efficiency and resilience in the financial system and the 
protection of consumers through effective supervision intended to support economic growth for the benefit 
of the UAE and its people. It has powers to issue and manage the currency, manage the UAE's credit policy, 
develop and manage the banking system in the UAE and act as the UAE's representative to international 
institutions such as the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank and the Arab Monetary Fund. 
The objective of the UAE's monetary policy is to facilitate the fixed exchange rate regime and maintaining 
a stable and convertible currency is a key policy objective. In common with most GCC countries, and 
reflecting the fact that oil and gas revenues are largely priced in U.S. Dollars, the UAE Dirham is pegged 
to the U.S. Dollar. In the case of the UAE, the exchange rate has been maintained at AED 3.6725 = 
U.S.$1.00 since 22 November 1980. There are no exchange controls in the UAE and the UAE Dirham is 
freely convertible. 
The UAE's monetary policy has focused on protecting its banking sector and a number of measures have 
been announced by the UAE Central Bank and Federal authorities in this regard. 
During 2020, the UAE Central Bank endorsed a new dirham monetary framework to advance its monetary 
policy. Steps taken under the new framework include: 
 
• 
a new Overnight Deposit Facility ("ODF") for UAE banks, which is now the prime facility for 
managing surplus liquidity in the UAE banking sector replacing one-week certificates of deposit. 
After the introduction of the ODF, the UAE Central Bank's monetary policy is now signalled through 
the ODF interest rate – the UAE Central Bank's main policy rate. This base rate, which is anchored 
to the US Federal Reserve's Interest on Excess Reserves, also provides the effective interest rate floor 
for overnight money market rates. The ODF supports banks operating in the UAE to proactively 
manage their day-to-day liquidity by aligning overnight money market rates with the base rate. 
 
• 
new regulations on reserve requirements for deposit-taking licensed financial institutions were 
introduced to make the maintenance of reserve requirement balances more flexible. The duration of 
the reserve maintenance period was extended from seven to 14 days, incentivising institutions to 
manage their day-to-day liquidity more efficiently to take advantage of the reserve averaging 
mechanism. Additionally, deposit-taking licensed financial institutions are able to draw on the UAE 
Central Bank-held reserve balances - up to 100 per cent. on any day – for daily settlement purposes, 
to deal with swings in overnight money market rates. Institutions must meet daily average 
requirements over a 14-day reserve maintenance period. 
 
• 
in line with the UAE Central Bank's commitment to providing a holistic solution to manage liquidity 
within the UAE banking sector, a new Monetary Bills ("M-Bills") securities issuance programme was 
launched in 2020. M-Bills facilitate the establishment of robust infrastructure to manage liquidity, to 
ensure the maintenance of the currency cover ratio threshold (minimum 70 per cent.) and to provide 
a stable collateralised source of funds to UAE banks and financial institutions. These securities are 
auctioned and traded through Bloomberg's primary and secondary market solutions and settled 
through a local platform. The UAE Central Bank expects the initiative to promote development of a 
local market for securities denominated in dirham while improving market transparency.

--- Page 122 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
Liquidity and Money Supply 
The following table sets out certain liquidity indicators for the UAE as at 31 December in each of the years 
indicated and for the first quarter of 2020. 
 
2017 
2018 
2019(4) 
2020* 
 
(AED billions) 
 
Currency Issued .......................................................  
85.4 
85.8 
93.7 
110.7 
Cash at Banks ..........................................................  
17.7 
15.3 
15.5 
16.0 
Currency in Circulation Outside Banks ...................  
67.7 
70.5 
78.2 
94.7 
Monetary Deposits ..................................................  
424.7 
415.1 
436.8 
505.3 
Money Supply M1(1) ..............................................  
492.4 
485.6 
515.0 
600.0 
Quasi - Monetary Deposits ......................................  
783.8 
822.8 
898.1 
878.5 
Money Supply M2(2) ..............................................  
1,276.2 
1,308.4 
1,413.1 
1,478.5 
Government Deposits ..............................................  
210.9 
293.9 
304.3 
290.8 
Money Supply M3(3) ..............................................  
1,487.1 
1,602.3 
1,717.4 
1,769.3 
 _______________  
* 
Preliminary data subject to revision 
(1) 
Currency in Circulation Outside Banks (Currency Issued less Cash at banks) plus Monetary Deposits (being all short term deposits 
which bank customers can withdraw without prior notice) 
(2) Money Supply M1 plus Quasi-Monetary Deposits (being resident time and savings deposits in Dirhams plus resident deposits in 
foreign currencies) 
(3) Money Supply M2 plus Government Deposits at banks and at the UAE Central Bank 
(4) UAE Central Bank Preliminary figures subject to revision 
Source: UAE Central Bank. 
Money supply M1 (which consists of currency in circulation outside of banks (i.e. currency issued less cash 
at banks) plus monetary deposits in local currency with banks) decreased from AED 492.4 billion as at 31 
December 2017, to AED 485.6 billion as at 31 December 2018, increasing to AED 515.0 billion as at 31 
December 2019 and increasing to AED 600.0 billion as at December 31 2020. This was a result of 
fluctuations in monetary deposits from AED 424.7 billion as at 31 December 2017 and AED 415.1 billion 
as at 31 December 2018 to AED 436.8 billion as at 31 December 2019 and AED 505.3 billion as at 31 
December 2020. However, currency in circulation outside of banks increased from AED 67.7 billion as at 
31 December 2017 to AED 70.5 billion as at 31 December 2018, increasing to 78.2 billion as at 31 
December 2019 and increasing further to AED 94.7 billion as at 31 December 2020. 
Money supply M2 (which consists of money supply M1 plus quasi-monetary deposits (i.e. resident time 
and savings deposits in Dirhams plus resident deposits in foreign currencies)) increased from AED 1,276.2 
billion as at 31 December 2017 to AED 1,308.4 billion as at 31 December 2018, to AED 1,411.4 billion as 
at 31 December 2019 and AED 1,478.5 billion as at 31 December 2020. 
Generally, median money supply M2 is considered the best indicator for the availability of liquidity in the 
economy, as it comprises currency in circulation outside banks, in addition to various deposits of all the 
resident sectors except the government sector in the UAE. 
Money supply M3 (which consists of money supply M2, plus government deposits at banks and at the UAE 
Central Bank) increased from AED 1,487.1 billion as at 31 December 2017 to AED 1,602.3 billion as at 31 
December 2018 to AED 1,717.4 billion in 2019 and increased to AED 1,769.3 billion as at 31 December 
2020 which reflected the increase in money supply M2 and the increase from 2017 to 2019 was as a result 
of government deposits increasing over this time, amounting to AED 210.9 billion as at 31 December 2017, 
AED 293.9 billion as at 31 December 2018 and AED 304.3 billion as at 31 December 2019. However, 
government deposits decreased to AED 290.8 billion as at 31 December 2020. 
Foreign Reserves 
The table below shows the foreign asset holdings of the UAE Central Bank as at 31 December in each of 
the years indicated. 
 
2018 
2019 
2020(1) 
 
(AED millions)  
Foreign Asset Holdings .............................................  
362,550 
394,730 
388,050 
 _______________  
(1) Preliminary 
Source: UAE Central Bank.

--- Page 123 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
The UAE Central Bank's gross international reserves are principally held in deposit accounts with banks 
outside the UAE or are invested in securities and treasury bills issued by non-UAE issuers. The official 
reserves figure, however, excludes the stock of publicly controlled foreign assets held in other accounts in 
investment bodies controlled by individual emirates. 
Foreign currency reserves increased between 2014 and 2019, notwithstanding lower international oil 
environment since mid-2014. 
Banking and Financial Services 
As at 31 December 2018 and in addition to the 36 branches of BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and 
SIB (combined) each located in the Emirate, the Emirate also had an additional 93 branches of non-Sharjah 
based national banks and 15 branches of foreign banks (out of 80 foreign bank branches throughout the 
UAE) (according to the UAE Central Bank Annual Report 2018). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Government owned 17.16 per cent. of the share capital of BoS (through SAM) and 37.55 per cent. of 
the share capital of SIB (through SAM and SSSF). 
As at 31 December 2018, BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and SIB had AED 29,123 million, AED 
14,026 million, AED 20,511 million and AED 44,746 million in total assets, respectively. 
As at 31 December 2019, BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and SIB had AED 32,689 million, AED 
11,705 million, AED 19,125 million and AED 46,390 million in total assets, respectively. 
As at 31 December 2020, BoS, Invest Bank, United Arab Bank and SIB had AED 36,143 million, AED 
8,734 million, AED 14,849 million and AED 53,601 million in total assets, respectively. 
All banks in the UAE operate under the supervision of the UAE Central Bank. 
The table below provides a statistical analysis of the UAE banking sector as at 31 December for each of the 
years indicated. 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
(AED millions) 
Banks 
 
 
 
Total Assets ..................................................................  
2,868,516 
3,082,934 
3,188,014 
Foreign Assets (Net) ....................................................  
59,657 
91,113 
133,471 
Foreign Assets ..............................................................  
679,647 
771,092 
849,077 
Foreign Assets to Total Assets (%) ...............................  
23.7% 
25.0% 
26.6% 
Foreign Liabilities .......................................................  
619,990 
679,979 
715,606 
Foreign Liabilities to Total Liabilities (%) ....................  
21.6% 
22.1% 
22.4% 
Deposits(2) .....................................................................  
1,755,650 
1,870,184 
1,884,545 
Residents .......................................................................  
1,542,237 
1,648,812 
1,682,102 
of which: Corporate .......................................................  
592,877 
607,023 
606,207 
Non-Residents ...............................................................  
213,413 
221,372 
202,443 
of which: Corporate .......................................................  
91,889 
87,964 
72,250 
Bank Credit (Domestic) ..............................................  
1,509,437 
1,592,609 
1,596,786 
of which: Credit to Private Sector(3) ..............................  
1,150,018 
1,149,953 
1,124,913 
Total Number of National Banks and Branches .......  
832 
741 
619 
Total Number of Foreign Banks and Branches .........  
140 
140 
134 
Number of Employees in Banks (UAE)(4)...................  
36,629 
35,637 
33,444 
 _______________  
(1) Preliminary 
(2) Excluding Inter-Bank Deposits 
(3) Including Claims on Other Financial Institutions 
(4) Excluding Auxiliary Staff. Data Subject to Revision on Quarterly Basis 
Source: UAE Central Bank 
Supervision of Banks 
The UAE Central Bank, established in 1980, is the governing body that regulates and supervises all banks 
operating in the UAE. The UAE Central Bank has supervisory responsibility for all banking institutions in 
the UAE. Supervision is carried out through on-site inspections and review of periodic submissions from 
the banks. The frequency of inspection depends on the perceived risk of the bank, but inspections are carried 
out in all banks at least once every 18 months. Returns are made monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or 
annually, depending on the nature of the information they are required to contain. An improved risk

--- Page 124 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
management framework is currently being implemented, which is designed to provide the UAE Central 
Bank with more up-to-date information on credit, market and operational risks within the banking sector. 
Historically, the UAE Central Bank has not acted as a lender of last resort, a role which has tended to fall 
on the individual Emirates. However, the introduction by the UAE Central Bank in 2014 of the Interim 
Marginal Lending Facility (the "IMLF") is expected to enable non-Islamic UAE banks to use certain rated 
or Federal Government entity issued assets as collateral to access UAE Central Bank liquidity overnight in 
order to help their liquidity management (see further "— Recent Trends in Banking — Liquidity"). 
Federal Law No.14 of 2018 (the 2018 Law) empowers the UAE Central Bank to license and regulate banks 
and non-banking financial institutions under the law's objective of safeguarding the stability of the financial 
system in the UAE. The other objectives set out in the 2018 Law are maintaining stability of the dirham 
and prudently managing the UAE Central Bank's foreign reserves. 
The 2018 Law also grants the UAE Central Bank a range of powers, including powers to: 
• 
issue currency and conduct monetary policy; 
• 
organise and license financial institutions, including the power to penalise violations of law or 
regulation; 
• 
monitor credit conditions to achieve balanced growth of the economy; 
• 
maintain a minimum cover ratio of foreign currency assets (at least 70 per cent. of the monetary 
base) to safeguard the credibility of the fixed currency peg; and 
• 
regulate and maintain the soundness of the systemically important financial infrastructure systems, 
including electronic payment systems, digital currency, and stored value facilities. 
The UAE Central Bank is also responsible for regulating anti-money laundering activities in the UAE. It 
has established a Financial Intelligence Unit and hosted teams from the Financial Action Task Force 
("FATF") and the IMF which reviewed, discussed and tested existing UAE laws and regulations. This led 
the FATF to decide, in January 2002, that the UAE had put in place an adequate anti-money laundering 
system. 
In April 2020, the FATF issued its Mutual Evaluation Report ("MER") on the UAE's anti-money 
laundering ("AML") and combatting the financing of terrorism ("CFT") measures. Based on an assessment 
conducted in 2019, the MER analyses the level of the UAE's compliance with the FATF's 40 
recommendations and the effectiveness of its AML/CFT system and provides recommendations on how 
the system could be strengthened. Based on the MER, the UAE's National Strategy has been revised in line 
with the risks identified in the MER and the UAE's National Risk Assessment. 
The UAE ranks 21 on Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index 2020, which ranks 179 
countries in terms of their perceived level of public sector corruption. In early 2019, the UAE authorities 
finalised a national risk assessment shared with key stakeholders and conducted outreach programmes. The 
output of the national risk assessment was embedded in the UAE Central Bank's risk-based supervisory 
approach. 
Although the UAE Central Bank is responsible for regulating all banks, exchange houses, investment 
companies and other financial institutions in the UAE, the Dubai Financial Services Authority regulates all 
banking and financial services activities in the Dubai International Financial Centre. Similarly, in the Abu 
Dhabi Global Market in Abu Dhabi ("ADGM"), the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority 
regulates activity in the financial services sector. 
The UAE Central Bank has published regulations relating to non-bank financial institutions and digital 
payments and is working on further regulations relating to payments and fintech. A new stored value 
facilities regulation was issued in November 2020. Further regulations on large value and retail payments 
systems, and retail payment activities are in the pipeline for 2021. A new crowd lending regulation was 
issued in November 2020. In addition, the UAE Central Bank is in the process of developing a new SME 
regulation to support the financing of SMEs within a holistic SME strategy in co-ordination with other 
UAE authorities.

--- Page 125 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
The UAE Central Bank has commenced work on a bank recovery and resolution framework. New consumer 
protection regulations were published in early 2021. Consultation on a new regulatory framework for 
Islamic finance in the UAE was completed in 2020 and a number of new regulations giving effect to the 
framework were issued in 2020 with further regulations due to be issued in 2021.  
A new corporate governance framework for banks operating in the UAE was put in place in 2019. The new 
Corporate Governance Regulation and accompanying Standards were published in August 2019. The 
framework introduces sector-wide polices in line with international best practices, such as the inclusion of 
independent directors in banks' boards and mandatory committees, the reinforcement of the fit-and-proper 
process for members of boards and senior management and the introduction of minimum disclosure 
requirements in banks' annual governance reports.  
In 2020, the UAE Central Bank developed a FinTech strategy to underpin the Federal government's drive 
to establish the UAE as a leading global FinTech hub. The strategy aims to stimulate innovation and 
collaboration within a culture of robust risk management. To ensure effective FinTech strategy 
implementation, the UAE Central Bank has launched a dedicated FinTech office and initiatives including 
the development of a common FinTech regulatory framework, the establishment of co-sandboxing 
arrangements among regulatory authorities to facilitate faster technological developments and streamline 
regulatory approval processes, the development of an electronic know your customer protocol to enable 
non-face-to-face and digital onboarding processes, the implementation of a distributed ledger technology 
based trade finance platform to reduce the risk of trade fraud and the creation of a FinTech talent 
development programme. 
Since 1999, regulated banks in the UAE have been required to report in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
Characteristics of the Banking System 
The UAE banks are predominantly focused on the domestic market. With much of the economy directly or 
indirectly dependent on the oil sector, the UAE banks are vulnerable during long periods of low oil prices. 
In particular, oil revenues tend to drive levels of liquidity. There is a high degree of state involvement in 
the UAE banking sector, with the five-largest banks having some degree of ownership by the governments 
and/or ruling families of individual emirates. 
Additionally, a number of banks have developed in the Islamic world, including in the UAE, to serve 
customers who wish to observe Shari'a principles, including the prohibition on the charging of interest on 
any financial transaction. These institutions offer a range of products, which broadly correspond to 
conventional banking transactions but are structured to ensure that all relevant Shari'a principles are 
complied with. The principal Sharjah based Islamic bank is SIB. 
Anti-Money Laundering Legislation and Measures 
The UAE takes an active part in the fight against money laundering and the financing of terrorism. The 
crimes of money laundering and financing of terrorism and the financing of illegal organisations are covered 
under federal criminal statutes and the federal penal code. Federal legislation and the implementation of 
regulations to combat these crimes are in force throughout the UAE, including the Financial and 
Commercial Free Zones and their implementation and enforcement are the responsibility of the relevant 
regulatory and supervisory authorities in either the federal or local jurisdictions. 
The principal AML and CFT legislation within the UAE is Federal Decree-Law No. (20) of 2018 on Anti-
Money Laundering and Combatting the Financing of Terrorism and Financing of Illegal Organisations 
and implementing regulation, Cabinet Decision No. (10) of 2019 Concerning the Implementing Regulation 
of Decree Law No. (20) of 2018 On Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism 
and Illegal Organisations. The legislative and regulatory framework of the UAE is part of a larger 
international AML/CFT Legislative and regulatory framework made up of a system of intergovernmental 
legislative bodies and international and regional regulatory organisations. 
In 2019, the Supervisory Authorities of the UAE published Anti-Money Laundering and Combatting the 
Financing of Terrorism and the Financing of Illegal Organisations for Financial Institutions ("Guidelines"), 
to provide guidance and assistance to supervised financial institutions such as the Central Bank of the UAE 
and aid their understanding and effective performance of their statutory obligations under the legal and 
regulatory framework in force in the UAE. These Guidelines do not constitute additional legislation or

--- Page 126 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
regulation and are not intended to set legal, regulatory or judicial precedent. They are intended instead to 
be read in conjunction with the relevant laws, cabinet decisions, regulations and regulatory rulings which 
are currently in force in the UAE and their respective Free Zones. The Guidelines apply to all financial 
institutions established and/or operating in the UAE and their respective Financial and Commercial Free 
Zones, whether they establish or maintain a business relationship with a customer, or engage in any of the 
financial activities and /or transactions or the trade and/or business activities outlined in Articles (2) and 
(3) of Cabinet Decision No. (10) of 2019 Concerning the Implementing Regulation of Decree Law No. (20) 
of 2019 on Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Illegal Organisations. 
These guidelines are also applicable to the members of these financial institutions' boards of directors, 
management and employees. 
Specifically, they are applicable to all such natural and legal persons in the following categories: 
• 
Banks, finance companies, exchange houses, money service business (including hawaladar or 
other monetary value transfer services); 
• 
Insurance companies, agencies and brokers; 
• 
Securities and commodities brokers, dealers, advisers, investment managers; and 
• 
Other financial institutions not mentioned above. 
Structure of the Banking System 
Banking institutions in the UAE fall into a number of categories, as defined by the 1980 Law. As at 31 
December 2020, there were 21 commercial banks and one investment bank (institutions which may not 
accept deposits with maturities of less than two years, but which may borrow from their head offices or 
other banks and the financial markets) classified as domestic banks, also known as "national" banks. These 
domestic banks are required to be public shareholding companies with a minimum share capital of AED 40 
million and they currently hold 87.2 per cent. of the UAE's total banking assets. 
Licensed foreign commercial banks, of which there were 38 as at 31 December 2018, need to demonstrate 
that at least AED 40 million has been allocated as capital funds for their operations in the UAE. The 1980 
Law also licenses financial institutions (institutions whose principal functions are to extend credit, carry 
out financial transactions, invest in moveable property and other activities but are not permitted to accept 
funds in the form of deposits), investment banks (institutions which may not accept deposits with maturities 
of less than two years but which may borrow from their head office or other banks and the financial markets) 
and financial and monetary intermediaries (money and stock brokers). 
Recent Trends in Banking 
Targeted Economic Support Scheme ("TESS") 
Effective from 15 March 2020, the UAE Central Bank implemented the TESS, which included a range of 
measures aimed at mitigating the economic effects of COVID-19 within the UAE. Such measures include 
allowing banks operating in the UAE access to loans and advances extended at zero cost against collateral 
by the UAE Central Bank, to be used to grant temporary relief to private sector corporate and SME 
customers and retail clients. In addition (subject to the terms of the TESS), banks are allowed to tap into 
the capital conservation buffer up to a maximum of 60 per cent. without supervisory consequences and D-
SIBs are allowed to use 100 per cent. of their D-SIB buffer without supervisory consequences (in each case, 
until 15 March 2021). 
To support the operation of the TESS and the general flow of funds into the economy in Sharjah, the 
Government initiated a programme to place unlisted short-term sukuk instruments issued by the 
Government with Sharjah-based banks. These sukuk instruments constitute high-quality assets which may 
be used by the participating banks to generate liquidity through their treasury operations. 50 per cent. of the 
proceeds from such issuance will be deposited back with the participating banks by the Government, further 
improving their liquidity position. In May 2020, the Government acting through the Sharjah Finance 
Department with Bank of Sharjah acting as sole lead manager and arranger, issued AED 2.0 billion in 
Sukuk trust certificates, the proceeds of which will be used to support the Sharjah economy, corporates, 
SME's, individuals and the banking sector in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The securities were 
issued under the Sharjah Liquidity Support Mechanism in co-operation with the TESS, and increased to

--- Page 127 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
AED 4.0 billion in October 2020 through a tap of the existing issuance. In March 2021, the Government 
subsequently issued a further AED 2.0 billion securities under the Sharjah Liquidity Support Mechanism 
with Invest Bank acting as sole lead manager and arranger. In May 2021, the Government redeemed the 
first AED 4.0 billion sukuk trust certificates on their scheduled maturity date and issued AED 4.0 billion 
worth of new securities with Bank of Sharjah acting as sole lead manager and arranger.  
Capital Adequacy 
All banks are required to follow the principles of the Basel accord in calculating their capital adequacy 
ratios. Basel II was introduced effective 17 November 2009, by way of UAE Central Bank Circular Number 
27/2009. Since 1993, the UAE Central Bank had imposed a 10 per cent. minimum total capital ratio on all 
UAE banks. In a circular dated 30 August 2009, the UAE Central Bank announced amendments to its 
capital adequacy requirements, such that UAE banks were required to have a total capital adequacy ratio 
of at least 11 per cent., with a Tier I ratio of not less than 7 per cent., by 30 September 2009. Furthermore, 
the UAE Central Bank required banks operating in the UAE to increase their Tier I capital adequacy ratio 
to at least 8 per cent., with a minimum total capital adequacy ratio of at least 12 per cent., by 30 June 2010. 
Thereafter, through its circular dated 17 November 2009 introducing Basel II, the UAE Central Bank stated 
that it was expected that the main banks in the UAE would move to the Foundation Internal Rating Based 
approach under Basel II in due course. Through this circular, the UAE Central Bank reiterated that all banks 
operating in the UAE were required to maintain a minimum capital adequacy ratio of 11 per cent. at all 
times, increasing to 12 per cent. by 30 June 2010 and also laid out its expectations in relation to Pillar II 
and Pillar III of the Basel II framework. Profits for the current period, goodwill, other intangibles, unrealised 
gains on investments and any shortfall in loan loss provisions are deducted from regulatory capital. 
Whilst the calculation of capital adequacy ratios in the UAE follows the Bank of International Settlements 
guidelines, claims on or guaranteed by GCC central governments and central banks are risk-weighted at 
zero per cent. and claims on GCC government non-commercial public sector entities are risk-weighted at 
50 per cent. Banks in the UAE are required to transfer 10 per cent. of profit each year into a statutory reserve 
until this reaches 50 per cent. of capital. Distributions cannot be made from this reserve, except in special 
legally defined circumstances. All dividends paid by UAE banks have to be authorised in advance by the 
UAE Central Bank. 
The following table sets out the capital adequacy ratio of all UAE national banks as at 31 December for 
2018, 2019 and 2020. 
 
2018 
2019 
2020* 
 
(per cent.) 
Total capital adequacy ratio .....................................................  
17.5 
17.7 
18.2 
Tier I capital adequacy ratio ....................................................  
16.2 
16.5 
17.1 
 _______________  
* 
Preliminary data subject to revision 
Source: UAE Central Bank 
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") has put forward a number of 
fundamental reforms to the regulatory capital framework for internationally active banks. On 16 December 
2010 and 13 January 2011, the Basel Committee issued the Basel III Reforms, constituting guidance on the 
eligibility criteria for Tier I and Tier II capital instruments as part of a package of new capital and liquidity 
requirements intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit 
institutions ("Basel III"). 
Basel III does not replace Basel II, rather, it implements a series of modifications to the existing regulatory 
structure. 
Basel III increases the quantity and quality of the regulatory capital banks are required to hold. In particular, 
the changes refer to, amongst other things, new requirements for the capital base, measures to strengthen 
the capital requirements for counterparty credit and market exposures arising from certain assets and 
transactions and the introduction of a leverage ratio as well as short-term and longer-term standards for 
funding liquidity. The most significant features of the reforms introduced by Basel III are as follows: 
Capital base 
Between 2013 and 2019, the common equity component of capital (known as Core Tier I) increased from 
2 per cent. of a bank's risk-weighted assets before certain regulatory deductions to 4.5 per cent. after such

--- Page 128 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
deductions. In addition, a new capital conservation buffer was introduced, as well as a zero to 2.5 per cent. 
counter-cyclical capital buffer. As a result, the overall capital requirement (Tier I and Tier II) increased 
from 8 per cent. at the Basel II baseline to 10.5 per cent. by 2019 with full Basel III implementation. 
Common equity 
Common equity will continue to form the basis of Tier I capital, but other hybrid capital instruments 
permitted under Basel II will be replaced with instruments that are more loss absorbing and do not have 
incentives to redeem. Non-qualifying instruments issued on or after 12 September 2010 were derecognised 
in full from 1 January 2013; certain other instruments issued prior to 12 September 2010 which qualified 
as Tier I capital under Basel II but do not so qualify under Basel III, consisting of, among other instruments, 
perpetual non-cumulative preference shares, will be gradually derecognised at a rate of 10 per cent. per year 
from 2013 to 2023. 
Capital charges 
Increased capital charges will be introduced with respect to re-securitisation exposures and certain liquidity 
commitments held in the banking book will require more capital. With respect to a bank's trading books, 
more robust risk assessment methodologies will be utilised to value assets and increased counterparty and 
market risk charges will be assessed for exposure to other financial institutions and securitised assets. 
Leverage ratio 
A minimum 3 per cent. leverage ratio, measured against a bank's gross (and not risk-weighted) balance 
sheet, was adopted on a trial basis until 2018 and definitively adopted in 2019. 
Liquidity standards 
A "liquidity coverage ratio" requiring high-quality liquid assets to equal or exceed certain cash outflows 
was adopted in 2015, thereby ensuring that a bank has sufficient high-quality liquid assets to survive a 
one-month period of market stress. In addition, a "net stable funding ratio" requiring "available" stable 
funding sources to equal or exceed "required" stable funding was adopted in 2018, thereby ensuring that a 
bank has access to capital or high-quality funding to survive a one-year period of market stress. 
The UAE Central Bank issued guidelines on the implementation of Basel III in July 2012 under the heading 
"Liquidity Regulations at Banks" (see "— Liquidity" for further details). Since then, the UAE Central Bank 
has been preparing local institutions for the implementation of the Basel III standards. In addition, on 23 
February 2017, the UAE Central Bank published the "Regulations re Capital Adequacy" (the "February 
2017 Regulations") in the Official Gazette issue 612, which became effective from 1 February 2017. The 
February 2017 Regulations are intended to ensure that the capital adequacy of all banks operating in the 
UAE is in line with the Basel III requirements. The February 2017 Regulations are supported by 
accompanying standards (the "Accompanying Standards") which were published by the UAE Central 
Bank on 17 January 2018 in its Circular No. 28/2018 entitled "Standard re Capital Supply" and were 
expressed to be effective from 31 December 2017. The Accompanying Standards elaborate on the 
supervisory expectations of the UAE Central Bank, as set out in the February 2017 Regulations, with 
respect to the relevant Basel III capital adequacy requirements and how they will be applied by the UAE 
Central Bank to banks in the UAE. 
As part of the TESS, banks in the UAE were able to utilise 100 per cent. of their domestic systemically 
important bank buffer and 60 per cent. of their capital conservation buffer without supervisory 
consequences until 31 December 2021. In addition, the UAE Central Bank is allowing banks to apply a 
prudential filter to IFRS 9 expected loss provisions. The prudential filter allows any increase in IFRS 9 
provisioning compared to 31 December 2019 to be partially added back to regulatory capital. This will 
allow IFRS 9 provisions to be gradually phased-in over a five-year period until 31 December 2024. 
Liquidity 
The UAE Central Bank closely monitors the level of liquidity in the banking system. It also requires that 
banks have in place adequate systems and controls to manage their liquidity positions, as well as 
contingency funding plans to cope with periods of liquidity stress.

--- Page 129 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
Banks must also adhere to a maximum loan to deposit ratio of 100 per cent. set by the UAE Central Bank. 
In this context, loans comprise loans and advances to customers and interbank assets maturing after three 
months. 
UAE banks are mostly funded through on demand or time based customer deposits made by private 
individuals or private sector companies based in the UAE. According to preliminary data made available 
by the UAE Central Bank, resident deposits constituted approximately 89.5 per cent. of total deposits of 
the UAE banking sector (excluding inter-bank deposits and bank drafts but including commercial 
prepayments and borrowings under repurchase agreements) as at 30 September 2019. Of these, government 
and government-related entity deposits constituted approximately 33.2 per cent. of total resident deposits 
within the UAE banking sector (excluding inter-bank deposits but including commercial prepayments and 
borrowings under repurchase agreements) as at 30 September 2019. Non-resident sources constituted 
approximately 11.9 per cent. of total deposits within the UAE banking sector (excluding inter-bank deposits 
but including commercial prepayments and borrowings under repurchase agreements) as at the same date 
(source: UAE Central Bank Statistical Bulletin September 2019). 
The UAE Central Bank is expected to tighten regulations on how banks in the UAE manage liquidity 
through the introduction of new qualitative, quantitative and reporting requirements on liquidity risk 
management. In line with Basel III requirements, the UAE Central Bank has issued UAE Central Bank 
Notice No. 33/2015 on liquidity requirements (which was issued by the UAE Central Bank on 27 May 2015 
and which entered into force with effect from 1 July 2015, replacing Central Bank Notice No. 30/2012) 
(the "Liquidity Notice") which includes a set of qualitative and quantitative liquidity requirements for UAE 
banks. The qualitative requirements set out in the Liquidity Notice elaborate on the responsibilities of a 
UAE bank's board of directors and senior management as well as the overall liquidity risk framework. The 
regulations are intended to ensure that liquidity risks are well managed at banks operating in the UAE and 
are in line with the Basel Committee's recommendations and international best practices. 
The quantitative requirements set out in the Liquidity Notice are intended to ensure that each UAE bank 
holds a minimum level of liquid assets which allow it to sustain a short-term liquidity stress (in 
circumstances both specific to that bank and market wide). In particular, the requirements include two 
interim ratios which are intended to apply until the Basel III LCR and NSFR (each as defined in the table 
below) come into effect. These include the following: 
 
Ratio 
Applicability Period 
Interim ratios: 
Liquid Asset Ratio (LAR > =10%) 
1 January 2013 – 30 June 2015 
 
Eligible Liquid Assets Ratio (ELAR > = 10%) 
1 July 2015 – December 2017 
 
Advances to Stable Resources Ratio (ASRR < 
100%) 
1 June 2013 – December 2017 
Basel III ratios: 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR > 100%) 
January 2018 onwards 
 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR < 100%) 
January 2018 onwards 
 
The liquid asset ratio (the "LAR") was an interim ratio designed to apply until the LCR comes into effect 
(as described below). Following the entering into force of the Liquidity Notice on 1 July 2015, the LAR 
was replaced with the eligible liquid assets ratio (the "ELAR"). Under the ELAR, UAE banks are required 
to hold an amount equivalent to at least 10 per cent. of their liabilities in high-quality liquid assets (including 
cash held with the UAE Central Bank, the UAE Central Bank CDs and certain UAE local government and 
public sector entity publicly traded instruments). 
The Liquidity Notice also includes the option for UAE banks to apply to the UAE Central Bank to move to 
assessment of bank liquidity as against the LCR, in addition to the ELAR, with effect from 1 January 2016. 
Any UAE banks taking up this option were required to comply only with the ELAR until 1 January 2016, 
after which date they are required to move to a dual-compliance regime as to liquidity as against the ELAR 
and the LCR (subject to receipt of UAE Central Bank approval). 
The liquidity coverage ratio (the "LCR") represents a 30-day stress scenario with combined assumptions 
covering both bank-specific and market-wide stresses. These assumptions are applied to contractual data 
representing the main liquidity risk drivers at banks to determine cash outflows within the 30-day stress 
scenario. The LCR requires that UAE banks should always be able to cover the net cash outflow with high 
quality liquid assets at the minimum LCR determined by the UAE Central Bank. The Basel III accord 
requires that this minimum is 100 per cent. The Liquidity Notice describes in detail high quality liquid 
assets for this purpose.

--- Page 130 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
The advances to stable resources ratio (the "ASRR") is an interim ratio that recognises both the actual uses 
as well as the likely uses of funds in terms of contractual maturity and behavioural profile of the sources of 
funds available to the bank, in order to ensure that there are limited maturity mismatches and cliff effects. 
The net stable funding ratio (the "NSFR") is a structural ratio that aims to ensure that banks have adequate 
stable funding to fund the assets on their balance sheets. It also requires an amount of stable funding to 
cover a portion of the relevant UAE bank's contingent liabilities. The NSFR mirrors the Basel III NSFR 
standard. The NSFR identifies the key uses of funds and the different types of funding sources used by the 
UAE banks. It assigns available stable funding ("ASF") factors to the sources of funds and required stable 
funding (usage) factors to asset classes and off balance sheet contingent exposures. The assigned ASF factor 
depends on the terms of funding and the perceived stability of the funding sources. The assigned ASF factor 
will depend on the liquidity of the asset being funded under a market-wide stress. Both factors will follow 
the Basel III NSFR standard. 
Provisions for Loan Losses 
The UAE Central Bank stipulates that non-performing credits should be classified as either substandard, 
doubtful or loss, depending on the likelihood of recovery, with provisions charged at a minimum of 25 per 
cent., 50 per cent. and 100 per cent. on the relevant amount (net of any eligible credit protection), 
respectively. Any retail and consumer loans with either interest or principal in arrears by more than 90 days 
must be placed on a non-accrual basis and classified as non-performing. In addition, pursuant to Circular 
28/2010 concerning regulations for classification of loans and their provisions issued by the UAE Central 
Bank on 11 November 2010, all banks in the UAE were required to make general provisions for unclassified 
loans and advances equal to 1.5 per cent. of their risk-weighted assets by 2014. In practice, several banks 
operate more stringent policies and place loans on a non-accrual basis as soon as their recovery is in doubt. 
Banks in the UAE generally do not write off non-performing loans from their books until all legal avenues 
of recovery have been exhausted. This factor tends to inflate the level of impaired loans and/or financings 
carried on the balance sheets of UAE banks when compared to banks operating in other economies. 
Large Exposures 
The UAE Central Bank defines large exposures as any funded or unfunded exposures (less provisions, cash 
collaterals and deposits under lien) to a single borrower or group of related borrowers exceeding prescribed 
limits. The large exposure limits (defined as a percentage of the bank's capital base) were previously as 
follows: 
• 
to a single borrower or group of borrowers – 7 per cent.; 
• 
to a shareholder of the bank holding more than 5 per cent. of the bank's capital – 7 per cent.; 
• 
overseas interbank exposures – 30 per cent. (UAE interbank exposures are subject to a 25 per cent. 
limit if their maturity is over one year, otherwise they are exempt from the regulations); 
• 
to the bank's parent company, subsidiaries or affiliates – 20 per cent. (60 per cent. for all such 
exposures in aggregate); and 
• 
to Board members – 5 per cent. (25 per cent. for all such exposures in aggregate). 
On 11 November 2013, the UAE Central Bank published a notice amending certain of the large exposure 
limits set out above (the "Large Exposure Notice"). The Large Exposure Notice was published in the 
Official Gazette on 30 December 2013 and entered into force on 30 January 2014. The Large Exposure 
Notice introduced new limits of 100 per cent. of the bank's capital base for all lending to UAE local 
governments and their non-commercial entities, together with a 25 per cent. limit to any single such non-
commercial entity. Exposures above these limits are subject to approval by the UAE Central Bank. Set out 
below is a table showing a summary of the changes introduced by the Large Exposure Notice (defined as a 
percentage of the bank's capital base calculated under Basel II): 
 
New Limit 
Old Limit 
 
Individual 
Aggregate 
Individual 
Aggregate 
Federal Government and its non-commercial entities  
Exempt 
Exempt 
Exempt 
Exempt 
UAE local government and its non-commercial 
entities .......................................................................  
No cap for UAE 
local 
100% 
Exempt 
Exempt`

--- Page 131 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
 
New Limit 
Old Limit 
 
Individual 
Aggregate 
Individual 
Aggregate 
government; 
25% for each 
non-commercial 
entity 
Commercial entities of Federal Government and UAE 
local government .......................................................  
25% 
100% 
25% 
None 
Commercial or other (non-commercial) private sector 
entities and individuals ..............................................  
25% max 
None 
7% 
None 
Shareholders who own 5 per cent. or more of the 
bank's capital and related entities ..............................  
20% 
50% 
7% 
None 
Exposure to bank's subsidiaries and affiliates ............  
10% 
25% 
20% 
60% 
Board members .........................................................  
5% 
25% 
5% 
25% 
 
Mortgage Cap Regulation and Consumer Loan Regulation 
The UAE Central Bank introduced regulations regarding bank loans and other services offered to individual 
customers by way of a circular dated 23 February 2011 the ("Retail Circular") on retail banking and notice 
no. 31/2013 dated 28 October 2013 (which was published in the UAE official gazette (the "Official 
Gazette") on 28 November 2013 and entered into force on 28 December 2013) (the "Mortgage 
Regulations"). These regulations, amongst other things, limit the fees and interest rates which banks in the 
UAE can charge to retail customers and impose maximum loan/income and loan to value ratios for retail 
products such as residential mortgage loans. For example, the Retail Circular requires that the amount of 
any personal consumer loan shall not exceed 20 times the salary or total income of the borrower with the 
repayment period not exceeding 48 months. 
The Mortgage Regulations, which supersede UAE Central Bank notice no. 3871/2012 dated 30 December 
2012, provide that the amount of mortgage loans for non-nationals should not exceed 75 per cent. of the 
property value for a first purchase of a home with a value of less than AED 5 million and, for a first purchase 
of a home with a value greater than AED 5 million, should not exceed 65 per cent. of the property value. 
For the purchase of a second or subsequent home, the limit for non-nationals is set at 60 per cent. of the 
property value (irrespective of the value of the property in question). The corresponding limits for UAE 
nationals are set at 80 per cent. in respect of a first purchase of a home with a value less than or equal to 
AED 5 million, 70 per cent. for a first home with a value greater than AED 5 million and 65 per cent. of 
the property value for a second or subsequent purchase (irrespective of the value of the property). 
Reserve Requirements 
Reserve requirements are used by the UAE Central Bank as a means of prudential supervision and to control 
credit expansion. The reserve requirements are 1 per cent. for term deposits and 14 per cent. for all other 
customer balances. 
Position of Depositors 
There is no formal deposit protection scheme in the UAE. While no bank has, so far, been permitted to fail, 
during the 1980s and early 1990s a number were restructured by the relevant government authorities. In 
October 2008, in response to the global financial crisis, the Federal Government announced that it intended 
to guarantee the deposits of all UAE banks and foreign banks with core operations in the UAE. Following 
therefrom, in May 2009 the UAE's National Federal Council approved a draft law guaranteeing federal 
deposits. However, until such time as the law is passed, there is no guaranteed government support. 
Establishment of a Credit Bureau in the UAE 
Al Etihad Credit Bureau ("AECB") is a Federal Government company specialised in providing UAE based 
credit reports and other financial information. AECB commenced operations in 2014 upon receiving formal 
approval from the Cabinet of its regulations and its charges for producing credit reports. AECB has 
approached all UAE based banks to sign data sharing agreements to enable the provision of customer credit 
information, with the majority having entered into such agreements and/or made successful initial data 
submissions to AECB by the time AECB commenced operations. 
Federal Debt Management 
In October 2018, UAE Federal Law No. 9 of 2018 Concerning Public Debt (Public Debt Law) was issued. 
The Public Debt Law permits the UAE Federal Government to issue sovereign debt through the sale of

--- Page 132 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
bonds or other debt instruments, which is intended to support the UAE Central Bank in liquidity 
management in the UAE banking system and is intended to help the UAE banking sector meet international 
liquidity rules. The Public Debt Law further established that the total amount of outstanding UAE federal 
public debt shall not, at any time, exceed the amount determined by the cabinet, at maximum of 250 per 
cent. of the Federal Government's own stable revenue. In addition, the Public Debt Law is intended to 
enable banks operating in the UAE to purchase government bonds in AED or foreign currencies, which is 
intended to help them comply with Basel III requirements. The Public Debt Law also expressly permits the 
UAE Federal Government to provide guarantees on behalf of federal government authorities and 
corporations which are wholly owned by the UAE Federal Government. 
The Public Debt Law establishes a federal Public Debt Management Office, which will have various 
support roles within the UAE Ministry of Finance, including the following: 
• 
responsibility for proposing public debt management strategies and policies in coordination with 
the UAE Central Bank, implementing the strategies and policies approved by the Cabinet, and 
providing recommendations on issuance of public debt instruments; 
• 
monitoring financial risks as well as other risks associated with issuing and trading any public debt 
instruments, and proposing solutions to manage and control these risks; 
• 
advising the Minister of Finance on investments involving any public debt surplus, identifying risk 
levels on borrowing or issuing any guarantees for government projects as well as playing an 
important role in the development of policies and procedures created to manage and reduce risks 
in the public debt portfolio; 
• 
working closely with the UAE Central Bank with regard to the management of the issuance and 
sale operations of government bonds, treasury bills, and any other public debt instruments; 
• 
setting short and long-term objectives for the UAE's public debt management; 
• 
issuing reports on the management and implementation of public debt; and 
• 
coordinating with local governments in each emirate to support and develop a highly efficient 
primary and secondary financial market by issuing public debt instruments in the state, in which 
each local government shall establish a public debt office if local public debt instruments are issued. 
Insurance 
There is an absence of published statistical data on the insurance sector in the UAE and Sharjah. Insurance 
companies are regulated by the Insurance Division of the Federal Ministry of Economy. 
Al-Buhaira National Insurance Company is a public shareholding company incorporated in the Emirate and 
is listed on the ADX. It undertakes several classes of insurance business, including life insurance, saving 
and accumulation of funds. In addition to its head office, Al-Buhaira National Insurance Company has two 
further branches located in Abu Dhabi and Dubai. 
Shari'a compliance 
The Federal Law No. 14 of 2018 entered into force with effect from 23 September 2018 and requires 
financial institutions licensed by the UAE Central Bank to operate their business activities in compliance 
with the rules, standards and general principles established by the Higher Shari'a Authority and, in certain 
circumstances, requires such financial institutions to obtain the consent of the Higher Shari'a Authority 
before undertaking certain licensed financial activities. 
Capital Markets 
The capital markets in the UAE are regulated by a number of entities including the Emirates Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the "SCA"), which licenses intermediaries to trade on the DFM and ADX. The 
SCA is a Federal Government organisation but has financial, legal and administrative independence. 
The other significant stock exchange in the UAE is Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai 
International Financial Exchange or DIFX) which commenced operations in September 2005 and, as an

--- Page 133 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
entity based in the Dubai International Financial Centre, is separately regulated by the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority. 
In May 2018, the SCA issued Chairman Decision No. 20/R.M. of 2018 on the Offering or Issuance of 
Islamic Securities (the ISRs), in order to add an additional layer of disclosure and transparency to the UAE's 
sukuk market and strengthen investor protection. The ISRs apply to (i) domestic issuers of Sharia-compliant 
securities seeking to offer those securities either within or outside the UAE, and (ii) foreign issuers of 
certain Sharia-compliant securities seeking to offer those securities into the UAE. The ISRs outline a 
number of key disclosure requirements that must be included in the offering document, a number of specific 
requirements in respect of the fatwa as well as the continuing obligations that apply to Sharia-compliant 
securities, including the provision of an annual Sharia report. 
Dubai Financial Market 
The DFM, which is now, along with Nasdaq Dubai, owned by Borse Dubai, was established by the 
Government of Dubai in 2000 as an independent entity and operates as a market for the listing and trading 
of shares, bonds and investment units issued by companies, investment funds and other local or foreign 
financial institutions that conform to its listing requirements. 
The following table sets out the number of traded shares, the value of traded shares, and the number of 
executed transactions on the DFM and the closing price of the DFM Index as at 31 December for the years 
indicated: 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Number of traded shares (billions) ........................................................... 
45.4 
40.0 
65.5 
Value of traded shares (AED billions) ...................................................... 
59.7 
53.1 
65.6 
Number of trades (millions) ..................................................................... 
0.6 
0.6 
1.0 
Market capitalisation (AED billions) ........................................................ 
343.3 
375.5 
341.5 
DFM Index year-end index closing price ................................................. 
2,529.8 
2,765 
2,492 
 _______________  
Sources: Dubai Statistics Centre, DFM. 
Nasdaq Dubai 
Nasdaq Dubai (formerly known as the Dubai International Financial Exchange or DIFX) commenced 
operations in September 2005. On 22 December 2009, DFM announced that it had made an offer to Borse 
Dubai Limited and the NASDAQ OMX Group to acquire Nasdaq Dubai. The offer was valued at U.S.$121 
million and comprised U.S.$102 million in cash and 40 million DFM shares. The merger was approved by 
Borse Dubai Limited and the OMX Group and was completed on 11 July 2010. Subsequent to the 
transaction, both Nasdaq Dubai and DFM are operating as two distinct markets that are subject to different 
regulatory frameworks. Nasdaq Dubai is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority and the DFM 
is regulated by the SCA. 
The DFM was upgraded to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index with effect from 1 June 2014, which has led 
to an increase in interest and investment from international institutional investors in Dubai. 
Nasdaq Dubai's standards are comparable to those of leading international exchanges in New York, London 
and Hong Kong. Nasdaq Dubai allows regional and international issuers access to regional and international 
investors through primary or dual listings. Investors can access Nasdaq Dubai through a unique mix of 
regional and international brokers. 
Nasdaq Dubai currently lists equities, equity derivatives, Dubai gold securities, structured products, sukuk 
and conventional bonds. Nasdaq Dubai listed sukuk with a total nominal value of U.S.$14.15 billion listed 
during 2019, maintaining its position as one of the world's largest exchanges for sukuk. 
Equity listings on Nasdaq Dubai include DP World Limited, which had the Middle East's largest IPO in 
2007 at U.S.$5.0 billion, as well as Depa Limited and Orascom Construction Limited. 
The following table sets out the number of traded shares, the value of traded shares and the number of 
executed transactions on Nasdaq Dubai, the market capitalisation of Nasdaq Dubai and the closing price as 
at 31 December of the FTSE Nasdaq Dubai UAE 20 Index (which tracks 20 liquid stocks listed on the 
DFM, the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange and Nasdaq Dubai) in each of the years 2018, 2019 and 2020:

--- Page 134 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Trading volume (millions) .....................................................................  
165 
151 
189 
Trading value (AED millions) ...............................................................  
4,234 
5,921 
5,746 
Number of transactions .........................................................................  
26,882 
40,724 
16,345 
Market capitalisation (AED millions) ...................................................  
57,496 
44,220 
3,435 
FTSE Nasdaq Dubai UAE 20 year-end closing price ............................  
3,074 
3,184 
3,062 
 _______________  
Sources: Dubai Statistics Centre, Nasdaq Dubai.

--- Page 135 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
PUBLIC FINANCE 
Government Finance 
Government Budget and Financial Information 
The Government sector in Sharjah is defined as consisting of entities known in Sharjah as centralised 
departments. The wider public sector in Sharjah consists of independent authorities which are wholly or 
majority publicly owned (see "Description of the Emirate of Sharjah — Relationship between the UAE 
Constitution and Sharjah — The Government " above for further details). 
The centralised departments of the Government negotiate their individual budgets with the Finance 
Department on an annual basis, with the final budgets being approved by Sharjah Executive Council and 
H.H. The Ruler. The budget-setting arrangements for independent authorities vary from entity to entity, 
depending on their constitutional documents and established practice. All centralised department revenues 
flow to accounts managed by the Finance Department on behalf of the Government and are used to fund 
the Government's expenditure. The Finance Department controls the expenditure of centralised departments 
on a detailed, line-by-line basis, to ensure consistency with the budget. 
Major project expenditure and a number of "non-departmental" items such as debt servicing and grant 
schemes are also managed centrally by the Finance Department, rather than through departmental budgets. 
Decentralised departments and independent authorities may, depending on their financial circumstances, 
receive financial support from the Government in the form of grants, free land allocations, the assumption 
of certain payment obligations or loans from the Government. Alternatively, if they are cash-generating, 
these entities may be required to make dividend-like payments to the Government. 
Government Consolidated Accounts 
The Government does not prepare consolidated annual or quarterly accounts as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Government Cash Flow Analysis 
The Government regularly prepares detailed cash flow statements in order to centrally control its liquidity 
and payment commitments. The table below sets out the detailed cash flow statements for the years 
indicated, excluding debt financing. 
Each area of the Emirate of Sharjah has a Municipality authority, which is responsible for providing local 
services. There are nine Municipality authorities, of which Sharjah City Municipality is the largest. These 
Municipality authorities were in the past considered independent authorities and not consolidated into the 
Government budget. However, since 2016, the Municipalities have been treated as centralised departments, 
and have been consolidated. This change is reflected in the tables below.  
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021* 
 
(AED millions) 
Cash Inflows 
 
 
 
 
 
Department of Customs ........................................................ 
1,123 
882 
894 
717 
800 
Economic Development Department .................................... 
904 
862 
817 
657 
803 
Sharjah Police....................................................................... 
873 
801 
988 
825 
941 
Town Planning Department .................................................. 
163 
121 
85 
112 
95 
Directorate of Public Works ................................................. 
1 
1 
3 
221 
— 
Roads and Transport Authority ............................................ 
329 
547 
874 
681 
743 
Sharjah Municipality ............................................................ 
1,428 
1,319 
1,292 
1,070 
1,315 
Other Municipalities ............................................................. 
73 
64 
72 
— 
— 
Other departmental revenues ................................................ 
459 
557 
678 
373 
481 
Oil, gas and LPG .................................................................. 
356 
412 
567 
76 
99 
Land sales ............................................................................. 
1,229 
776 
67 
179 
1,824 
Bank tax ............................................................................... 
68 
52 
56 
68 
50 
VAT receipts ........................................................................ 
— 
— 
2,795 
1,404 
1,150 
Shares/Dividends .................................................................. 
50 
100 
200 
75 
100 
Transfer from GREs, and other revenues ............................. 
1,567 
2,750 
1,050 
1,303 
390 
Increase in Sharjah Social Security Fund ............................. 
0 
798 
1,085 
944 
920 
Total Cash Inflows ............................................................. 
8,623 
10,042 
11,523 
8,705 
9,710 
Cash Expenditure 
 
 
 
 
 
Departmental expenditure

--- Page 136 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021* 
 
(AED millions) 
Police ................................................................................... 
(1,165) 
(1,316) 
(1,476) 
(1,506) 
(1,586) 
Roads and Transport Authority ............................................ 
(249) 
(252) 
(320) 
(295) 
(472) 
Social Services ..................................................................... 
(313) 
(515) 
(600) 
(661) 
(717) 
Culture and Information ....................................................... 
(171) 
(200) 
(201) 
(178) 
(234) 
Media/TV ............................................................................. 
(353) 
(414) 
(447) 
(585) 
(457) 
Customs ................................................................................ 
(219) 
(311) 
(323) 
(332) 
(369) 
Sports Council ...................................................................... 
(404) 
(463) 
(564) 
(563) 
(563) 
Town Planning ..................................................................... 
(159) 
(208) 
(208) 
(210) 
(234) 
Al Diwan Al Amiri, Sharjah ................................................. 
(139) 
(175) 
(165) 
(137) 
(96) 
Museums .............................................................................. 
(141) 
(175) 
(178) 
(172) 
(195) 
Economic Development ....................................................... 
(147) 
(201) 
(208) 
(213) 
(240) 
Islamic Affairs and Awqaf ................................................... 
(124) 
(150) 
(155) 
(162) 
(166) 
e-Government ....................................................................... 
(90) 
(108) 
(111) 
(124) 
(158) 
Public Works ........................................................................ 
(74) 
(94) 
(101) 
(101) 
(121) 
Police Sciences Academy ..................................................... 
(88) 
(101) 
(107) 
(109) 
(129) 
Sharjah Municipality ............................................................ 
(1,043) 
(1,256) 
(1,252) 
(1,314) 
(1,621) 
Other Municipalities ............................................................. 
(558) 
(752) 
(772) 
(820) 
(893) 
Other departmental expenditures .......................................... 
(1,428) 
(2,008) 
(2,353) 
(2,092) 
(2,872) 
 
— 
— 
— 
- 
500 
Total departmental expenditures ...................................... 
(6,864) 
(8,699) 
(9,541) 
(9,574) 
(10,622) 
Central expenditure 
 
 
 
 
 
Payments toward capital projects ......................................... 
(2,247) 
(2,655) 
(4,252) 
(2,604) 
(2,150) 
Debt Interest ......................................................................... 
(609) 
(856) 
(1,282) 
(1,371) 
(1,855) 
Capital injection to Sharjah Asset Management  
- 
- 
- 
918 
- 
Subsidies, Grants and Central Spending ............................... 
(1,510) 
(1,760) 
(2,527) 
(2,203) 
(2,593) 
Total expenditures .............................................................. 
(11,230) 
(13,970) 
(17,602) 
(16,490) 
(17,220) 
 ________  
                  Source: Sharjah Finance Department  
*Source: Sharjah Finance Department budget data. 
 
Total cash inflows increased from AED 10.0 billion in 2018 to AED 11.5 billion in 2019 and decreased to 
AED 8.7 in 2020. The negative effect on revenues arose from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and 
associated policy response measures, which have curtailed economic activity and reduced a number of 
revenue items. The Government has budgeted for revenues to increase in 2021 to AED 9.7 billion, primarily 
as a result of an expected increase in proceeds of land sales, offset by reductions in transfers from GREs 
and other revenues. The budgeted increase in revenue from land sales is subject to a number of uncertainties, 
including recovery of market conditions. (See "Risk Factors—Risks relating to the ongoing coronavirus 
COVID-19" and "Description of the Emirate of Sharjah—Relationship between the UAE Constitution and 
Sharjah—COVID-19 Impact and Response measures Adopted in the UAE and Sharjah"). Cash inflows 
from oil, gas and LPG increased from AED 412 million in 2018 to AED 567 million in 2019 and fell back 
to AED 76 million in 2020 and are budgeted at AED 99 million in 2021, reflecting lower production 
quantities and the fall in hydrocarbon prices (in the case of 2021, as at the time of budgeting). Cash inflows 
from land sales tend to be volatile since they consist of a small number of large payments related to release 
of land by the Government for project development: these inflows fell from to AED 776 million in 2018 and 
AED 67 million in 2019 and AED 179 million in 2020, reflecting weakness in the UAE real estate market. 
They are budgeted to increase to AED 1,824 million in 2021, as the Government releases some large new 
commercial and industrial areas for purchase and development. Prior to 2019, there were no VAT revenues 
and the revenues collected by the UAE Federal authorities in 2018 began to be disbursed in 2019. Cash 
inflows from VAT receipts were AED 2,795 million in 2019 and AED 1,404 million in 2020 and are 
budgeted to decrease to AED 1,150 million in 2021. The lower rate of inflows of VAT receipts reflects the 
drop in economic activity in 2020 and is accompanied by a lag effect as the receipts move through the 
system. Cash from bank taxes amounted AED 52 million in 2018, AED 56 million in 2019, AED 68 million 
in 2020 and is budgeted to be AED 50 million 2021. Finance costs (debt interest) increased from AED 856 
million in 2018 to AED 1,282 million in 2019, as the Government incurred additional debt, primarily to 
fund capital expenditure (see "Indebtedness") and budget deficits. These costs increased further to AED 
1,371 million in 2020 and were budgeted to increase to AED 1,855 million in 2021. 
Government Revenue 
Sharjah's government revenues totalled AED 11.5 billion for the year ended 31 December 2019, increasing 
by AED 1.5 billion from AED 10.0 billion for the year ended 31 December 2018 reflecting an increase of 
15.0 per cent. Sharjah's government revenues totalled AED 8.7 billion for the year ended 31 December

--- Page 137 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
2020, decreasing by AED 2.8 billion from AED 11.5 billion for the year ended 31 December 2019, 
representing an decrease of 24.0 per cent. 
The Government has a relatively diverse revenue base. With the exception of a levy on foreign banks and 
hydrocarbon extraction, there is no traditional direct tax, although the Federal Government introduced a 
national value added tax at the rate of 5 per cent. with effect from 1 January 2018 and an excise duty on 
certain goods in October 2017. Sharjah's allocation of revenues from these indirect taxes began to be 
disbursed by the UAE Federal Government in 2019 leading to an increase in revenues in spite of the 
decrease in revenue attributable to lowered GRE transfer and land sale revenue. Prior to 2019, there were 
no VAT revenues and the revenues collected by the UAE Federal authorities in 2018 began to be disbursed 
in 2019. This beneficial tax environment provides an incentive for businesses and wage-earners to locate 
to the Emirate. 
Licensing, fines and fees provide the majority of revenues, in particular via the Department of Customs, 
the Economic Development Department and Sharjah Police. 
Land sales to private companies and individuals generate significant capital receipts for the Government, 
as well as providing a means for the Government to manage the pace and location of economic expansion. 
In addition, this represents an area of particular fiscal flexibility for the Government, which can choose 
how much land to release for sale or development in a given year, based on market conditions, development 
priorities and fiscal requirements. 
Aggregate oil, gas and LPG revenues are on a long-term declining path notwithstanding year to year 
fluctuations and in 2018 represented just 5.5 per cent. of total receipts. As such, the Emirate does not display 
high levels of hydrocarbon fiscal dependency. Falling production levels since 2009 had been broadly offset 
in nominal terms by rising prices until the end of 2014. The new gas field discovered in the onshore 
"Mahani" site became operational in January 2021 and will start generating net revenues from commercial 
exploitation of the reserve from 2022. 
Government Expenditure 
The Government's expenditure totalled AED 16.5 billion in 2020, as compared to AED 17.6 billion in 2019, 
reflecting a decrease of 6.3 per cent. The Government's expenditure totalled AED 17.6 billion in 2019, as 
compared to AED 14.0 billion in 2018, reflecting an increase of 26.0 per cent. The majority of this 
expenditure is incurred by centralised departments, with wages and other staff costs being the largest 
element of such expenditure. Salary enhancements and high levels of recruitment have increased 
departmental spending in recent years and the 2021 budget envisages a 10.9 per cent. increase in 
departmental spending compared to 2020. 
Growth in departmental budgets has reflected the Government's policy priorities, with a particular focus on 
cultural activities (such as media/TV and culture and information) and social services. 
Payments towards capital projects and other "non departmental" expenditure items are managed centrally 
by the Finance Department. Whereas the Government funded capital expenditure directly until 2019, since 
2020 this has been channelled through Mubadara, the authority responsible for selection, planning and 
implementation of non-commercial capital projects. 
In 2020, the Government injected AED 918 million capital into SAM, to create more capacity for the entity 
to invest into strategic projects. 
Overall Budget Position 
Government has incurred budget deficits in recent years to support its spending priorities, including capital 
investment, public service provision and social security.

--- Page 138 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
Government of Sharjah overall budget 2017 – 2021 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021* 
 
(AED millions) 
 
Expenditure .........................................................  
(11,231) 
(13,970) 
(17,602) 
(16,490) 
(17,220) 
Revenue ..............................................................  
8,623 
10,042 
11,523 
8,705 
9,710 
Deficit .................................................................  
(2,609) 
(3,928) 
(6,079) 
(7,785) 
(7,510) 
 
 _______________  
* 
Preliminary data subject to revision. 
Government Assets and Investments 
Government Assets – Cash and Fixed Assets 
The Government does not generally hold very large amounts of cash and from time to time uses short-term 
working capital facilities to balance cash flow. The Government held AED 2,057 million cash and cash 
equivalents as at 31 December 2018, AED 2,411 million as at 31 December 2019 and AED 2,057 million 
as at 31 December 2020. 
The Government holds a very large stock of fixed assets, although no comprehensive valuation is available. 
All unallocated land in the Emirate is de facto the property of the Government. The Government also owns 
land and buildings used for government activities and public services. 
Government Investments 
In addition to its ownership of decentralised departments and independent authorities, the Government has 
minority shareholdings in a number of private sector businesses. The table below shows the principal listed 
commercial enterprises in which the Government directly held a shareholding as at 31 December 2020, 
showing a total asset value of AED 3.2 billion. These are generally strategic investments which the 
Government intends to hold over the medium to long term because of their importance to the Emirate's 
development. No material change to this portfolio mix has occurred as at the date of this Supplement. 
The Government's holdings in listed companies through SAM and SSSF and the value thereof as at 31 
December 2020 was as follows: 
 
 
Sharjah Asset 
Management Company 
SSSF 
 
 
 
Market 
Capitalisation 
Shareholding 
Value 
Shareholding 
Value 
Combined 
Shareholding 
Combined 
Value 
 
(AED Millions) 
(%) 
(AED 
Millions) 
(%) 
(AED 
Millions) 
(%) 
(AED 
Millions) 
Company Name 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Air Arabia .......... 
5,787 
18.56 
1,136 
- 
- 
18.56 
1,136 
Bank of Sharjah 
Limited .............. 
1,292 
17.16 
227 
- 
- 
17.16 
227 
Sharjah Islamic 
Bank .................. 
4,253 
28.46 
1,158 
9.09 
370 
37.55 
1,527 
Sharjah Cement 
and Industrial 
Development 
Company ........... 
450 
14.78 
68 
9.09 
42 
23.87 
110 
Dana Gas ........... 
4,988 
3.47 
173 
- 
- 
3.47 
173 
Total Market 
Value of Listed 
Shares ............... 
16,769 
- 
2,762 
- 
412 
- 
3,173 
 __________  
Source: Bloomberg 
Relationship with the Federal Government 
There were no fiscal flows between the Government and the Federal Government in the years 2017-2019, 
although in 2020 the Federal Government subsequently took responsibility for collecting Value Added Tax 
and in 2019 began distributing to each emirate the relevant share of proceeds. Despite a lack of financial 
flows, the Emirate benefits significantly from a range of public services provided at the federal level 
including: 
• 
Basic education for UAE nationals;

--- Page 139 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
• 
Healthcare for UAE nationals; 
• 
Defence and foreign policy initiatives; 
• 
Some UAE-wide police and civil defence initiatives; and 
• 
Postal services. 
In addition, the Federal Government maintains a large public works programme, which covers, in particular, 
infrastructure and housing. 
The Federal Government expenditure budget for 2020 was AED 61.4 billion, increasing from a budget of 
AED 60.3 billion in 2019.

--- Page 140 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
INDEBTEDNESS 
The Government has adopted a centralised debt policy, administered by the Debt Management Office (the 
"DMO"), which is a division of the Finance Department. The DMO directly manages the borrowing of the 
Government. For decentralised departments and independent authorities, the DMO plays a role in 
coordinating all borrowing activity, advising entities on how to structure transactions and approach the 
market, and supporting them in commercial negotiations and the completion of legal processes. Any 
borrowing from these entities must be approved in advance by the DMO. 
Government Debt 
The table below sets out the details of the Government's outstanding debt as at 31 December in each of the 
years indicated. 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Gross Debt (AED millions) ...................................................  
18,061 
24,742 
33,319 
41,330 
Gross Debt/GDP (%) .............................................................  
15.0 
20.0 
26.6 
36.7 
Net Debt(1) (AED millions) ....................................................  
17,878 
22,214 
30,908 
39,273 
Net Debt(1)/GDP (%) .............................................................  
14.8 
17.9 
24.7 
34.9 
 _______________  
 (1) Net Debt is equivalent to Gross Debt minus holdings of cash and cash equivalents. 
Of the Government's total outstanding indebtedness of AED 41,330 million as at 31 December 2020, 80 
per cent. was denominated in U.S. Dollars and 20 per cent. was denominated in AED, after taking account 
of hedging arrangements.  
• 
8 per cent. of the Government's debt comprised borrowings from Sharjah based banks; 
• 
 15 per cent. of the Government's debt comprised borrowings from other UAE based banks; 
• 
16 per cent. of the Government's comprised borrowings from international banks; and 
• 
 and 60 per cent. of the Government's debt comprised indebtedness due under the public debt 
issuances. 
The Government has undertaken nine public sukuk and conventional bond issuances denominated in U.S. 
Dollars:  
• 
U.S.$750,000,000 3.764 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2014 by Sharjah Sukuk Limited due 
2024;  
• 
U.S.$500,000,000 3.839 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2016 by Sharjah Sukuk (2) Limited 
due 2021 (redeemed); 
• 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 4.226 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2018 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme, which was subsequently increased to U.S.$1,200,000,000 through 
a tap of the issuance in 2018 due 2028;  
• 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 3.854 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2019 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme due 2026;  
• 
U.S.$750,000,000 3.234 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2019 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme due 2029, which was subsequently increased to U.S.$1,000,000,000 
through a tap of the issuance in 2020;  
• 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 2.942 per cent. trust certificates issued in 2020 by Sharjah Sukuk Programme 
Limited under the Programme due 2027; 
• 
U.S.$1,000,000,000 4.00 per cent. medium-term notes issued in 2020 under the Global Medium-
Term Notes Programme due 2050;  
• 
U.S.$750,000,000 3.625 per cent. medium-term notes issued in 2021 under the Global Medium-
Term Notes Programme due 2033; and

--- Page 141 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
• 
U.S.$500,000,000 4.375 per cent. medium-term notes issued in 2021 under the Global Medium-
Term Notes Programme due 2051. 
On 2 February 2018, the Government conducted an RMB 2,000,000,000 issuance under its onshore "panda 
bond" programme in the People's Republic of China. The proceeds of the issuance and ongoing coupon 
payment liabilities were swapped into AED. The bond was redeemed at its planned maturity date. 
The maturity profile of the indebtedness outstanding on 31 December 2020 is as set out in the table below 
and does not include the issuances completed in 2021. 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
After 
2029 
Principal payments 
(in AED millions) ... 
6,700 
2,892 
3,329 
3,562 
3,011 
4,027 
4,676 
4,524 
3,728 
4,881 
 
The Government has no record of default on its indebtedness, current or past. 
Wider Public Sector Debt 
The table below sets out the details of the main outstanding debt of GREs as at 31 December 2020. 
 
Gross Debt 
Outstanding 
Net Debt(1) 
 
(AED millions) 
SEWA .......................................................................................................................  
9,546 
9,069 
Shurooq ....................................................................................................................  
2,256 
2,233 
Mubadara ..................................................................................................................  
1,000 
1,706 
Others  ......................................................................................................................  
794 
(11) 
Sharjah Asset Management .......................................................................................  
697 
431 
Bee'ah .......................................................................................................................  
680 
761 
Seaport Authority .....................................................................................................  
500 
44 
Sharjah Airport Authority .........................................................................................  
360 
303 
SAIF Zone ................................................................................................................  
300 
145 
Hamriyah Free Zone Authority .................................................................................  
223 
(17) 
Total .........................................................................................................................  
16,356 
14,664 
 __________  
(1) 
Net Debt is equivalent to Gross Debt minus holdings of cash and cash equivalents. 
Source: Finance Department 
The Government does not provide blanket guarantees for the borrowing of any decentralised department or 
independent authority. However, the Government has guaranteed a number of individual transactions in 
order to help an entity to obtain the most favourable commercial terms. Requests for such guarantees are 
appraised by the DMO on a case by case basis, taking risk, pricing and strategic importance into 
consideration. 
The borrowings guaranteed by the Government, as at 31 December 2020 are AED 200 million for the AUS 
research programme and AED 326 million for Sharjah Research, Technology and Innovation Park Free 
Zone. The Government has also provided AED 1,885 million in payment shortfall undertakings in respect 
of borrowings by Shurooq. 
Total Public Sector Debts 
The table below sets out the details of the total public sector outstanding debt, including the Government 
and GREs as at 31 December in each of the years indicated below. 
 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
Public Sector Gross Debt (AED millions) ...............................  
28,434 
35,604 
46,062 
57,686 
Public Sector Gross Debt/GDP (%) .........................................  
23.6 
28.7 
36.8 
51.2 
Public Sector Net Debt(2) (AED millions) ..............................  
25,551 
31,052 
41,652 
53,937 
Public Sector Net Debt(2)/GDP (%)........................................  
21.2 
25.1 
33.1 
47.9 
 _______________  
(1) GDP data for 2020 is unavailable as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
(2) Net Debt is equivalent to Gross Debt minus holdings of cash and cash equivalents. 
Public sector net debt was AED 53.9 billion or 47.9 per cent. of GDP in 2020, AED 41.7 billion or 33.3 per 
cent. of GDP in 2019, and AED 31.1 billion, or 25.1 per cent. of GDP, in 2018.

--- Page 142 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently 
in effect. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of 
the Issuer nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a "banking organization" within the meaning of 
the New York Banking Law, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC 
holds securities that its participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the 
settlement among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited 
securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants' accounts, thereby 
eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is 
a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"). DTCC is the 
holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing 
Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated 
subsidiaries. Access to The Depository Trust Company System ("DTC System") is also available to others 
such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial 
relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants" and, together 
with Direct Participants, "Participants"). More information about DTC can be found at www.dtcc.com and 
www.dtc.org, but such information is not incorporated by reference in and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "DTC 
Rules"), DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf 
it acts with respect to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") as described 
below and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The DTC Rules are 
on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with 
which beneficial owners of DTC Notes ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly 
are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their 
respective Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements 
described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able 
to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which 
will receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser 
of each DTC Note ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant's and Indirect 
Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, 
but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as 
well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or Indirect Participant through 
which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes 
are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except 
in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorised 
representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & 
Co. or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the 
actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct

--- Page 143 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial 
Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their 
customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes 
unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an omnibus proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The 
omnibus proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose 
accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the omnibus 
proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as 
may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct Participants' 
accounts upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer or the relevant 
agent (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant 
payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown in DTC's records. Payments by 
Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is 
the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant 
and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from 
time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of 
such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to 
the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange 
the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance 
with their proportionate entitlements and which will be legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale 
and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Notes purchased or tendered, through its 
Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Notes by causing the Direct 
Participant to transfer the Participant's interest in the DTC Notes, on DTC's records, to the relevant agent. 
The requirement for physical delivery of DTC Notes in connection with an optional tender or a mandatory 
purchase will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Notes are transferred by Direct 
Participants on DTC's records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered DTC Notes to the relevant 
agent's DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depositary with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by 
giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that a 
successor depositary is not obtained, DTC Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depositary). In that event, DTC Note certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise 
take actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC 
as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective 
accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping,

--- Page 144 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global 
Note accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, 
DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the 
individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who 
have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. 
Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or 
Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note 
accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, 
records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the 
records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC 
will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any 
payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of 
DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all 
or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global 
Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be 
converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe 
that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants 
to beneficial owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the 
case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant 
and not the responsibility of DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of 
principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures 
of the relevant Clearing System clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require 
that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to 
transfer Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to 
exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct 
Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person 
having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes 
to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such 
Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any 
holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such 
Notes through a Direct Participant or Indirect Participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the 
one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the 
other, will be effected by the relevant Clearing System in accordance with its rules and through action taken

--- Page 145 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
by the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian ("Custodian") with whom the relevant 
Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC 
will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there 
is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) 
from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated 
account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus 
payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must 
be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures 
designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation 
to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed 
at any time. None of the Issuer, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders 
of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations nor will the Issuer, 
any Agent or any Dealer have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on 
account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 146 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
General 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under the 
tax laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence, ordinary residence or domicile, of a 
purchase of Notes, including, but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes 
and their disposal or redemption. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law that might take effect after such date. 
UAE Taxation 
There is currently in force in the Emirate of Sharjah legislation establishing a general corporate taxation 
regime (the Sharjah Income Tax Decree 1969 (as amended)). The regime is, however, not enforced save in 
respect of companies active in the hydrocarbon industry, some related service industries and branches of 
foreign banks operating in the UAE. It is not known whether the legislation will or will not be enforced 
more generally or within other industry sectors in the future. 
Under current legislation, there is no requirement for withholding or deduction for or on account of UAE 
or Sharjah taxation in respect of payments of interest or principal on debt securities (including the Notes). 
If any such withholding or deduction is required to be, the Issuer has undertaken to gross-up any payments 
(subject to certain limited exceptions). 
The Constitution of the UAE specifically reserves to the Federal Government of the UAE the right to raise 
taxes on a federal basis for purposes of funding its budget. It is not known whether this right will be 
exercised in the future. 
The UAE has entered into double taxation arrangements with certain other countries. 
U.S. Federal Income Taxation 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below). This summary deals only with purchasers of 
Registered Notes that are U.S. Holders, acquire such Registered Notes at initial issuance and will hold the 
Registered Notes as capital assets (generally, property held for investment). 
The discussion does not cover all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to, or the 
actual tax effect that any of the matters described herein will have on, the acquisition, ownership or 
disposition of Notes by particular investors. In particular, this summary does not discuss all of the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to certain types of investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. 
federal income tax laws (including, without limitation: (i) financial institutions; (ii) insurance companies; 
(iii) dealers or traders in stocks, securities, or currencies or notional principal contracts; (iv) regulated 
investment companies; (v) real estate investment trusts; (vi) tax-exempt organisations; (vii) partnerships, 
pass-through entities, or persons that hold Notes through pass-through entities; (viii) investors that hold 
Notes as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion, constructive sale or other integrated transaction for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes; (ix) U.S. Holders that have a functional currency other than the U.S. Dollar; 
(x) persons required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income with respect to the Notes as 
a result of such income being recognised on an applicable financial statement; and (xi) U.S. expatriates and 
former long-term residents of the United States) all of whom may be subject to tax rules that differ 
significantly from those summarised below. This summary does not address U.S. federal estate, gift or 
alternative minimum tax considerations, Medicare contribution tax on net investment income 
considerations, or non-U.S., state or local tax considerations. 
As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a beneficial owner of Registered Notes that is for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes: (i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation 
created or organised in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, (iii) an estate the income 
of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax without regard to its source, or (iv) a trust if a court within 
the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or 
more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust. 
If a partnership (or any other entity or arrangement treated as fiscally transparent for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes) holds Notes, the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership generally will depend upon the

--- Page 147 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Any such partner or partnership should consult 
their tax advisers as to the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Notes. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the United States including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the "Code") its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations promulgated thereunder, published 
rulings and court decisions, all as currently in effect where applicable and all of which are subject to change 
at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. No rulings have been or will be sought from the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service (the "IRS") with respect to any of the matters discussed below, and no assurance can be 
given that the views of the IRS or a court with respect to those matters will not differ from those described 
below. 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISERS TO DETERMINE THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF ACQUIRING, OWNING AND DISPOSING OF REGISTERED 
NOTES, INCLUDING THE APPLICATION TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATION OF THE 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS DISCUSSED BELOW. 
The Issuer generally intends to treat Notes issued under the Programme as debt, unless otherwise indicated 
in the supplemental U.S. federal income tax disclosure provided in a prospectus supplement or otherwise. 
Payment of Interest 
General 
Interest on a Note held by a U.S. Holder, including the payment of any additional amounts whether payable 
in U.S. dollars or a currency other than U.S. dollars ("foreign currency" interest on a "Foreign Currency 
Note"), other than interest on a "Discount Note" that is not "qualified stated interest" (each as defined below 
under "Original Issue Discount — General"), will be taxable to such U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the 
time it is received or accrued, in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for tax purposes. 
Interest paid by the Issuer on the Notes and original issue discount ("OID"), if any, accrued with respect to 
the Notes (as described below under "Original Issue Discount — General") and payments of any additional 
amounts generally will constitute income from sources outside the United States subject to the rules 
regarding the foreign tax credit allowable to a U.S. Holder (and the limitations imposed thereon). 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers concerning the foreign tax credit implications of 
the payment of any foreign taxes with respect to the Notes (if applicable). 
Pre-Issuance Accrued Interest 
If a portion of the price paid for a Note is allocable to interest that accrued prior to the date the Note is 
issued ("pre-issuance accrued interest"), the Issuer intends to take the position that, on the first interest 
payment date, a portion of the interest received in an amount equal to any pre-issuance accrued interest will 
be treated as a return of the pre-issuance accrued interest and not as a payment of interest on the Note. 
Amounts treated as a return of pre-issuance accrued interest should not be taxable when received. The 
remainder of this discussion assumes that in determining the issue price of a Note and the amount paid for 
a Note, there will be excluded an amount equal to the pre-issuance accrued interest. U.S. Holders should 
consult their tax advisers with regard to the tax treatment of the pre-issuance accrued interest on a Note.  
Original Issue Discount 
General 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences to a U.S. Holder of the 
ownership of Notes issued with OID. The following summary does not discuss Notes that are characterised 
as contingent payment debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes ("CPDIs"). If Notes are issued 
that are characterized as CPDIs, supplemental U.S. federal income tax disclosure may be separately 
provided in a prospectus supplement or otherwise. 
A Note, other than a Note with a term of one year or less (a "Short-Term Note"), will be treated as issued 
with OID (a "Discount Note") if the excess of the Note's "stated redemption price at maturity" (as defined 
below) over its issue price is at least a de minimis amount (generally, 0.25 per cent. of the Note's stated 
redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity). An obligation that 
provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest before maturity (an "instalment

--- Page 148 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
obligation") generally will be treated as a Discount Note if the excess of the Note's stated redemption price 
at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25 per cent. of the Note's stated redemption price 
at maturity multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the Note. A Note's weighted average maturity 
is the sum of the following amounts determined for each payment on a Note (other than a payment of 
qualified stated interest): (i) the number of complete years from the issue date until the payment is made 
multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the payment and the denominator of 
which is the Note's stated redemption price at maturity. Generally, the "issue price" of a Note under the 
applicable Final Terms will be the first price at which a substantial amount of such Notes included in the 
issue of which the Note is a part is sold to persons other than bond houses, brokers, or similar persons or 
organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or wholesalers. The "stated 
redemption price" at maturity of a Note is the total of all payments provided by the Note that are not 
payments of "qualified stated interest". A "qualified stated interest" payment generally is any one of a 
series of stated interest payments on a Note that are unconditionally payable in cash or in property (other 
than in debt instruments of the Issuer) at least annually at a single fixed rate, or a single qualifying variable 
rate, applied to the outstanding nominal amount of the Note (with certain exceptions for lower rates paid 
during some periods). Notes that provide for multiple rates of interest are more likely to be issued with 
OID, however the relevant rules are complicated. Solely for the purposes of determining whether a Note 
has OID, the Issuer will be deemed to exercise any call option that has the effect of decreasing the yield on 
the Note, and the U.S. Holder will be deemed to exercise any put option that has the effect of increasing 
the yield on the Note. Talk to your own advisers about the applicability of these rules to a particular Note.  
If a Note has de minimis OID, a U.S. Holder must include the de minimis amount in income as stated 
principal payments are made on the Note, unless the U.S. Holder makes the election described below under 
"— Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount". A U.S. Holder can determine the includible 
amount with respect to each such payment by multiplying the total amount of the Note's de minimis OID 
by a fraction equal to the amount of the principal payment made divided by the stated nominal amount of 
the Note. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant yield method before 
the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income increasingly 
greater amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID includible in income by a 
U.S. Holder of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Note 
for each day during the taxable year or the portion of the taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds the 
Discount Note ("accrued OID"). The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any accrual 
period a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a Note 
may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Notes as long 
as (i) no accrual period is longer than one year and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on 
the Note occurs on either the final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an 
accrual period equals the excess of (a) the product of the Discount Note's adjusted issue price at the 
beginning of the accrual period and the Discount Note's yield to maturity (determined on the basis of 
compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual period) 
over (b) the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the Note allocable to the accrual period. 
The "adjusted issue price" of a Discount Note at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of 
the Note increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the 
amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Acquisition Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Note for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all amounts 
payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, but in excess 
of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being "acquisition premium") and that does not make the 
election described below under "— Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount", is permitted 
to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is the excess of the U.S. Holder's 
adjusted basis in the Note immediately after its purchase over the Note's adjusted issue price, and the 
denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, 
other than payments of qualified stated interest, over the Note's adjusted issue price. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the constant 
yield method described above under "— General", with certain modifications. For purposes of this election, 
interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de minimis market discount and

--- Page 149 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium (described below under "Original Issue 
Discount — Notes Purchased at a Premium") or acquisition premium. If a U.S. Holder makes this election 
for the Note, then, when the constant yield method is applied, the issue price of the Note will equal the U.S. 
Holder's adjusted basis immediately after its acquisition of the Note, the issue date of the Note will be the 
date of acquisition, and no payments on the Note will be treated as payments of qualified stated interest. 
This election generally will apply only to the Note with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked 
without the consent of the IRS. However, if the Note has amortisable bond premium, the U.S. Holder will 
be deemed to have made an election to apply amortisable bond premium against interest for all debt 
instruments with amortisable bond premium, other than debt instruments the interest on which is excludible 
from gross income, held as of the beginning of the taxable year to which the election applies or any taxable 
year thereafter. If the election to apply the constant yield method to all interest on a Note is made with 
respect to a Market Discount Note, the electing U.S. Holder will be treated as having made the election 
discussed below under "— Market Discount" to include market discount in income currently over the life 
of all debt instruments with market discount held or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder. U.S. Holders 
should consult their tax advisers concerning the propriety and consequences of this election. 
Short-Term Notes 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to accrue 
OID (calculated as set forth below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
unless it elects to do so (but should be required to include any stated interest in income as the interest is 
received). Accrual basis U.S. Holders and certain other U.S. Holders are required to accrue OID on Short-
Term Notes on a straight line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so elects, under the constant yield method (based 
on daily compounding). In the case of a U.S. Holder not required and not electing to include OID in income 
currently, any gain realised on the sale or other disposition of the Short-Term Note will be ordinary income 
to the extent of the OID accrued on a straight line basis (or a constant yield basis if an election is made to 
accrue the OID under the constant yield method) through the date of sale or other disposition. U.S. Holders 
who are not required and do not elect to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes will be required to defer 
deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to Short-Term Notes in an amount not exceeding the 
deferred income until the deferred income is realised. 
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a Short-
Term Note are included in the Short-Term Note's stated redemption price at maturity. A U.S. Holder may 
elect to determine OID on a Short-Term Note as if the Short-Term Note had been originally issued to the 
U.S. Holder at the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Short-Term Note. This election shall apply to all 
obligations with a maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the 
first taxable year to which the election applies, and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Market Discount 
A Note, other than a Short-Term Note, generally will be treated as purchased at a market discount (a 
"Market Discount Note") if the Note's stated redemption price at maturity or, in the case of a Discount 
Note, the Note's revised issue price, exceeds the amount for which the U.S. Holder purchased the Note by 
at least 0.25 per cent. of the Note's stated redemption price at maturity or revised issue price, respectively, 
multiplied by the number of complete years to the Note's maturity (or, in the case of a Note that is an 
instalment obligation, the Note's weighted average maturity). If this excess is not sufficient to cause the 
Note to be a Market Discount Note, then the excess constitutes de minimis market discount. For this 
purpose, the revised issue price of a Note generally equals its issue price, increased by the amount of any 
OID that has accrued on the Note and decreased by the amount of any payments previously made on the 
Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Any gain recognised on the maturity or disposition of a Market Discount Note (including any payment on 
a Note that is not qualified stated interest) will be treated as ordinary income to the extent that the gain does 
not exceed the accrued market discount on the Note. Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of a Market Discount 
Note may elect to include market discount in income currently over the life of the Note. This election shall 
apply to all debt instruments with market discount acquired by the electing U.S. Holder on or after the first 
day of the first taxable year to which the election applies. This election may not be revoked without the 
consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note that does not elect to include market discount 
in income currently generally will be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings incurred to 
purchase or carry a Market Discount Note that is in excess of the interest and OID on the Note includible 
in the U.S. Holder's income, to the extent that this excess interest expense does not exceed the portion of 
the market discount allocable to the days on which the Market Discount Note was held by the U.S. Holder.

--- Page 150 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
Market discount will accrue on a straight line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to accrue the market 
discount on a constant yield method. This election applies only to the Market Discount Note with respect 
to which it is made and is irrevocable. 
Notes Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Note for an amount in excess of its nominal amount, or for a Discount Note, 
its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as "amortisable bond premium", in 
which case the amount required to be included in the U.S. Holder's income each year with respect to interest 
on the Note will be reduced by the amount of amortisable bond premium allocable (based on the Note's 
yield to maturity) to that year. Any election to amortise bond premium shall apply to all bonds (other than 
bonds the interest on which is excludable from gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by 
the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired 
by the U.S. Holder, and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. See also "Original Issue Discount — 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount" above. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to take 
bond premium (other than acquisition premium) into account currently will recognise a capital loss when 
the Note matures. 
Sale or Other Disposition of Notes 
Generally 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Note generally will be its cost, increased by the amount of any OID or market 
discount included in the U.S. Holder's income with respect to the Note and the amount, if any, of income 
attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market discount included in the U.S. Holder's income with 
respect to the Note, and reduced by (i) the amount of any payments other than qualified stated interest 
payments, and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium applied to reduce interest on the Note. 
A U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss on the sale or other disposition of a Note equal to the 
difference between the amount realised on the sale or other disposition and the tax basis of the Note. Except 
to the extent described above under "Original Issue Discount — Market Discount" or "Original Issue 
Discount — Short-Term Notes" or attributable to accrued but unpaid qualified stated interest or changes in 
exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or loss recognised on the sale or other disposition of a Note will 
be capital gain or loss and generally will be treated as from U.S. sources for purposes of the U.S. foreign 
tax credit limitation. In the case of a U.S. Holder that is an individual, estate or trust, the maximum marginal 
federal income tax rates applicable to capital gain are currently lower than the maximum marginal rates 
applicable to ordinary income if the Notes have been held for more than one year at the time of the sale or 
other disposition. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to significant limitations. 
Benchmark Amendments 
If the reform or elimination of any benchmark rate requires the manner of which interest is calculated on a 
note is to be altered, that may result in a deemed exchange of old notes for new notes, which may be taxable 
to U.S. Holders, or may affect the calculation of OID. Recently proposed Treasury regulations provide 
additional circumstances under which the replacement of a benchmark rate would not be treated as a 
deemed exchange and would not affect the calculation of OID, provided certain conditions are met. It 
cannot be determined at this time whether the final Treasury regulations on this issue will contain the same 
standards as the proposed Treasury regulations. U.S. Holders should consult with their tax advisers 
regarding the potential consequences of a Benchmark Event. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
Interest and OID 
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the amount of 
income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment, based 
on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted 
into U.S. dollars. An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with 
respect to a Foreign Currency Note in accordance with either of two methods. 
Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange rate in effect 
during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of a U.S.

--- Page 151 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
Holder, the part of the period within the taxable year). Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect 
to determine the amount of income accrued on the basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the 
accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect 
on the last day of the part of the period within the taxable year). Additionally, if the last day of the accrual 
period is within five business days of the date of receipt of the accrued interest, a U.S. Holder that has made 
such election may translate accrued interest using the spot rate of exchange in effect on the date of receipt. 
The above election will apply to all debt obligations held by such U.S. Holder and may not be changed 
without the consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder will recognize, as ordinary income or loss, foreign currency 
exchange gain or loss with respect to accrued interest income on the date the interest is actually or 
constructively received, reflecting fluctuations in currency exchange rates between the spot rate of 
exchange used to determine the accrued interest income for the relevant accrual period and the spot rate of 
exchange on the date such interest is actually or constructively received. 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a 
foreign currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars in the 
same manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above. Upon receipt 
of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment of interest or the sale or other 
disposition of the Note), a U.S. Holder may recognise foreign exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary 
income or loss) equal to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot 
rate on the date of receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact 
converted into U.S. dollars. 
Market Discount 
Market discount on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, will 
be accrued in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount in income currently, 
the accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rate for the accrual 
period (or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder's taxable year). Upon the receipt of an amount attributable 
to accrued market discount, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (which will 
be taxable as ordinary income or loss) determined in the same manner as for accrued interest or OID. A 
U.S. Holder that does not elect to include market discount in income currently will recognise, upon the 
disposition or maturity of the Note, the U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued, calculated at the spot rate 
on that date, and no part of this accrued market discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
Bond Premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by 
reference to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond 
premium that is taken into account currently will reduce interest income in units of the foreign currency. 
On the date bond premium offsets interest income, a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain 
or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the amount of offset multiplied by the difference 
between the spot rate in effect on that date, and the spot rate in effect on the date the Notes were acquired 
by the U.S. Holder. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to take bond premium (other than acquisition 
premium) into account will recognise a capital loss when the Note matures. 
Sale or Other Disposition of Notes 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Foreign Currency Note will be determined by reference to the U.S. dollar 
cost of the Note.  
The amount realised on the sale, exchange, redemption or retirement of a Note denominated in a Foreign 
Currency is treated as currency exchange gain or loss to the extent attributable to fluctuations in exchange 
rates between the time the Note was acquired and the date of disposition. This exchange gain or loss will 
equal the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the nominal amount of the Notes on the date of 
disposition or receipt of redemption proceeds, as applicable, and the U.S. dollar value of the nominal 
amount on the date the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. This exchange gain or loss will be realised only to 
the extent of the total gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the disposition or retirement of the Note and 
will be treated as ordinary income or loss. Aggregate gain or loss in excess of exchange gain or loss on a 
Note will generally be treated as U.S. source capital gain or loss.

--- Page 152 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
Foreign Tax Credit Considerations 
If UAE-taxes were to be imposed on payments with respect to the Notes, see "Taxation — UAE Taxation", 
subject to applicable limitations and holding period requirements, a U.S. Holder may be eligible to elect to 
claim a credit against its U.S. federal income tax liability for any such UAE taxes. A U.S. Holder that does 
not claim a U.S. foreign tax credit generally may instead claim a deduction for any such UAE taxes, but 
only for any taxable year in which such U.S. Holder elects to do so with respect to all non-U.S. income 
taxes. The rules relating to foreign tax credits are very complex, and each U.S. Holder should consult its 
own tax advisers regarding the application of such rules and the creditability or deductibility of any UAE 
taxes. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with payments of interest in respect of the 
Notes and the proceeds from sale, exchange or disposition of the Notes held by a U.S. Holder unless the 
U.S. Holder establishes, if required, that it is exempt from the information reporting rules, for example by 
properly establishing that it is a corporation. If the U.S. Holder does not establish that it is exempt from 
these rules, the U.S. Holder may be subject to backup withholding on these payments if it fails to provide 
a taxpayer identification number or otherwise comply with the backup withholding rules. 
The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to a U.S. Holder will be allowed as a credit against 
the U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle the U.S. Holder to a refund, provided 
that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
U.S. Holders should consult their advisers regarding any tax reporting or filing requirements they may have 
as a result of the acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Notes. Failure to comply with certain reporting 
or filing obligations could result in the imposition of substantial penalties. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription 
of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
member states may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 153 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (the "Programme Agreement") 
dated 15 July 2021, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time 
agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" 
and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and, subject to the terms of the Programme 
Agreement, to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult 
legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes 
Each purchaser of Registered Notes (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note 
with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note) or person wishing to transfer 
an interest from one Registered Global Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will 
be required to acknowledge, represent and agree, and each person purchasing an interest in a Registered 
Global Note with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Note will be deemed to 
have acknowledged, represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in 
Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that either: (i) it is a QIB, purchasing the Notes for its own account or for the account of one or 
more QIBs and it is aware, and any person on whose account it is acting has been advised, that any 
sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (ii) it is outside the United States; 
(b) 
that it, and each account for which it is purchasing, will hold and transfer at least the minimum 
denomination of Notes; 
(c) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the 
United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will 
not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of 
the United States and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act; 
(d) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and is a person located outside the 
United States, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any 
beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so prior to the expiration of the applicable required 
holding period determined pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act from the later of the last Issue 
Date for the Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner 
of such Notes, only (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the United States to a person 
whom the seller and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its 
own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, 
(iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act (if available) or (v) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 
Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States; 
(e) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser or transferee, as applicable, 
of the Notes from it of the resale and transfer restrictions referred to in paragraph (d) above, if then 
applicable; 
(f) 
that Notes initially offered and sold in the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A will be 
represented by one or more Rule 144A Global Notes and that Notes offered and sold outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global 
Notes; 
(g) 
it understands that before any interest in Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Note may be 
offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an

--- Page 154 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
interest in a Regulation S Global Note, it will be required to provide to each of the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Registrar a written confirmation substantially in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement, amended as appropriate to the effect that such offer, sale, pledge or other transfer is 
being made in accordance with Regulation S; 
(h) 
that the Notes in registered form, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to 
the following effect, subject as provided in Condition 2.5: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE 
UNITED STATES EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS 
ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER: (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
PURCHASING THIS SECURITY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF 
ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT 
RESELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION 
OF THE APPLICABLE REQUIRED HOLDING PERIOD DETERMINED PURSUANT TO 
RULE 144 OF THE SECURITIES ACT FROM THE LATER OF THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR 
THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE 
ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITIES, OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER 
OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM 
THE SELLER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES IS 
A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE 
REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE 
WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) 
PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL 
DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE 
MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 OF 
THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY. 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, 
BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR 
REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES 
FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY 
CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION 
THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF 
RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE 
DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY 
SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE 
AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS 
SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION 
THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; 
(i) 
if it is outside the United States, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the Notes, it shall do 
so in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that the

--- Page 155 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by 
the Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, OR A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, 
REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT."; and 
(j) 
that the Issuer, each Agent, each Manager and their affiliates or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Dealer and its affiliates and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer and the Managers or, as the case may be, the relevant Dealer; and if it 
is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole 
investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than U.S.$200,000 (or 
its foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount and no Legended Note will be issued in connection with 
such a sale in a smaller nominal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, 
each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$200,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) 
of Registered Notes. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States except 
in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year (taking into account any unilateral right to 
extend or rollover the term) are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") and Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms each Dealer will be 
required to represent, undertake and agree (and each additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, undertake and agree) that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
substantially identical successor United States Treasury regulation issued for the purposes of 
Section 4701 of the Code) (the "D Rules"), (i) that it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period it will not offer or sell, Bearer Notes to a person who is within the United States 
or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) that it has not delivered and it will not 
deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Bearer Notes in that are sold during 
the restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Notes are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring Bearer Notes for purposes of resale in connection with 
their original issuance and if it retains Bearer Notes for its own account, it will only do so in

--- Page 156 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any 
substantially identical successor regulations issued for the purposes of Section 4701 of the Code); 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Bearer Notes from a Dealer for the purpose of offering 
or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (i) repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's behalf 
or (ii) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations 
and agreements contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c); and 
(e) 
it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163- 
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii) or any substantially identical successor United States Treasury regulation 
issued for the purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) that purchases any Bearer Notes from it 
pursuant to a written contract with such Dealer (except a distributor that is one of its affiliates or is 
another Dealer), for the benefit of the Issuer and each other Dealer, the representations contained 
in, and such distributor's agreement to comply with, the provisions of subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) 
and (d) of this paragraph insofar as they relate to the D Rules, as if such distributor were a Dealer 
hereunder. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In addition, to the extent that the Final Terms or the subscription agreement relating to one or more Tranches 
of Bearer Notes specifies that the applicable TEFRA exemption is TEFRA C, such Bearer Notes must be 
issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance. 
In relation to each such Tranche, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and 
shall not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Bearer Notes within the United States or its 
possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, in connection with the original issuance of 
such Bearer Notes, it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a 
prospective purchaser if either such purchaser or it is within the United States or its possessions, or 
otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of such Bearer Notes. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations promulgated thereunder, including TEFRA 
C. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such Tranche 
of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Accordingly, the Notes are being offered and sold only outside the United States in offshore transactions 
in reliance on, and in compliance with, Regulation S. 
Dealers may directly or through their respective U.S. broker-dealer affiliates arrange for the resale of Notes 
to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may 
be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 
144A. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes outside the United States and for the resale of the Notes in the United States. The Issuer and the 
Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This 
Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States, other than any QIB to whom 
an offer has been made directly by one of the Dealers or its U.S. broker-dealer affiliate. 
European Economic Area 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 157 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or; 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member 
State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(1) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(2) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(3) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (1) to (3) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 158 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(1) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(2) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(3) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (1) to (3) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other United Kingdom Regulatory Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.  
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes: except 
on a private placement basis, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more (excluding that person's principal place of residence);

--- Page 159 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund). 
Sultanate of Oman 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus has not been filed with or registered as a prospectus with the Capital Market 
Authority of Oman pursuant to Article 3 of the Capital Market Authority Law SD 80/98 (Article 
3), will not be offered or sold as an offer of securities in Oman (as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law) or Article 3, nor does it constitute a sukuk offering pursuant to the Sukuk 
Regulation issued by the Capital Market Authority of Oman (CMA Decision 3/2016); and 
(b) 
the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered, and no invitation to subscribe 
for or to purchase the Notes has been or will be made, directly or indirectly, nor may any document 
or other material in connection therewith be distributed in Oman to any person in Oman other than 
by an entity duly licensed by the Capital Market Authority of Oman to market non-Omani 
securities in Oman and then only in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, including 
Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the Capital Markets Law (Decision No. 1/2009, as 
amended). 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of 
the Notes. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a "Saudi Investor") 
who acquires any Notes pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement 
under the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the Board of the 
Capital Market Authority resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, as amended (the "KSA 
Regulations"), made through a person authorised by the Capital Market Authority ("CMA") to carry on 
the securities activity of arranging and following a notification to the CMA, and in each case, in accordance 
with the KSA Regulations. 
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other 
than to "sophisticated investors" under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited offer under 
Article 10, or as otherwise required by, the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer 
of Notes to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel market 
offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under 
the KSA Regulations. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Notes pursuant to a private placement under 
the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those Notes to any person unless the offer or sale is made in 
compliance with the restrictions on secondary market activity under the KSA Regulations.  
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, sell or deliver 
at any time, directly or indirectly, any Notes in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), 
except: (i) in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre); and (ii) through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide 
investment advice and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). This Base Prospectus (i) has not been, and will not 
be, registered with or approved by the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar 
Stock Exchange or the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority and may not be publicly distributed in 
the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre); (ii) is intended for the original recipient only and

--- Page 160 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
must not be provided to any other person; and (iii) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre) and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
UAE (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly 
promoted or advertised by it in the UAE other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the UAE 
governing the issue, offering or sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to any person in the DIFC 
unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the DFSA Rulebook; 
and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the DFSA 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook. 
State of Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued have not been and will not be offered, sold, 
promoted or advertised by it in the State of Kuwait other than in compliance with Decree Law No. 31 of 
1990 and the implementing regulations thereto, as amended, and Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto, 
as amended governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
No private or public offering of the Notes is being made in the State of Kuwait, and no agreement relating 
to the sale of the Notes will be concluded in the State of Kuwait. No marketing or solicitation or inducement 
activities are being used to offer or market the Notes in the State of Kuwait. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap.571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than: (i) to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not 
result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of 
which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so 
under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Notes which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or

--- Page 161 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of 
the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Malaysia 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission of 
Malaysia (the "SC") under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia (the "CSMA"); 
and 
(b) 
accordingly, the Notes have not been and will not be offered or sold, and no invitation to subscribe 
for or purchase the Notes has been or will be made, directly or indirectly, nor may any document 
or other material in connection therewith be distributed in Malaysia, other than to persons falling 
within any one of the categories of persons specified under Part 1 of Schedule 6 (or Section 
229(1)(b)) and Part 1 of Schedule 7 (or Section 230(1)(b)) and Schedule 8 or Section 257(3), read 
together with Schedule 9 (or Section 257(3)) of the CSMA, subject to any law, order, regulation 
or official directive of the Central Bank of Malaysia, the SC and/or any other regulatory authority 
from time to time.  
Residents of Malaysia may be required to obtain relevant regulatory approvals, including approval from 
the Central Bank of Malaysia to purchase Notes. The onus is on the Malaysian residents concerned to obtain 
such regulatory approvals and none of the Dealers shall be responsible for any invitation, offer, sale or 
purchase of Notes as aforesaid without the necessary approvals being in place. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply in all material

--- Page 162 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
respects with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents and agrees that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 163 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issuance of Notes thereunder has been duly authorised by the Law 
No. (4) of 2017 on the Financial System of the Government of Sharjah and the Executive Council's 
Resolution No. (39) of 2017 Concerning The Executive Regulations of Law No. (4) of 2017 on the Financial 
System of the Government of Sharjah. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of one or more 
Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to Euronext 
Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market. The approval of the Programme in respect of Notes is expected to be granted on or about 
15 July 2021. Prior to the official listing and admission to trading, however, dealings will be permitted. 
Application has also been made to the DFSA for the Notes to be admitted to the DFSA Official List and to 
be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. An application may be made for any Tranche of Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Unlisted Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading 
on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code, International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN), the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial 
Instruments (CFI) code (as applicable) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, the Issuer may make an application 
for any Notes in registered form to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or 
CINS numbers for each Tranche of such Registered Notes, together with the relevant ISIN and (if 
applicable) common code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through 
an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of 
America. 
No Significant Change 
Save as disclosed in "Risk Factors - Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme - Risks relating to the Issuer and the UAE - Risks relating to the ongoing 
coronavirus COVID-19", there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial 
position of the Issuer and there has been no significant change in tax and budgetary systems, foreign 
exchange reserves, gross public debt and income and expenditure figures of the Issuer, in each case, since 
31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or has had in the recent past significant effects 
on the financial position of the Issuer.

--- Page 164 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be made available in electronic form for inspection on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at https://live.euronext.com/en/product/bonds-detail/25806/documents: 
(a) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
the Deed of Covenant; and 
(d) 
any future supplements to this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein 
or therein. 
The applicable Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the: (i) Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market; and (ii) DFSA Official List and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai will be published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and the website of 
Nasdaq Dubai at http://www.nasdaqdubai.com. 
Issuer's Legal Entity Identifier 
The Issuer's Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") code is 254900ZNL8O3F1CLJO24. 
Third-Party Information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
Dealer not acting for any prospective or actual holders of Notes 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers is acting for any actual or prospective holders of Notes, and are neither 
advising nor treating as a client any other person and will not be responsible to any actual or prospective 
holders of Notes and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections 
afforded to its clients nor for providing the services in relation to the offering described in this Base 
Prospectus and / or the relevant Final Terms or any transaction or arrangement referred to herein or therein. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has authorised the content of, or any 
part of, this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms. 
Dealers transacting with the Government 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in various financial 
advisory, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, 
the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah and/or the Sharjah Finance Department and/or their affiliates 
(including any other public sector instrumentality, as defined in the Conditions) in the ordinary course of 
business for which they have received, and for which they may in the future receive, fees and expenses. In 
particular, certain of the Dealers are lenders to the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah (and/or the Sharjah 
Finance Department and/or their affiliates (including any other public sector instrumentality)) and proceeds 
from the issue of the Notes may be used to repay such outstanding loan facilities. In connection with any 
offering under the Programme the Dealers may purchase and sell Notes in the open market. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the

--- Page 165 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
Government of the Emirate of Sharjah and/or the Sharjah Finance Department and/or their respective 
affiliates (including any other public sector instrumentality and including the Notes). Certain of the Dealers 
or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah and/or the 
Sharjah Finance Department and/or their respective affiliates (including any other public sector 
instrumentality) routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Government of the Emirate of Sharjah and/or 
the Sharjah Finance Department and/or their respective affiliates (including any other public sector 
instrumentality) consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
Issuer's Website 
The Issuer's website is https://www.sfd.gov.ae/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information contained on this website is not 
incorporated by reference into, or otherwise included in, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 166 ---
THE ISSUER 
Government of the Emirate of Sharjah acting through Sharjah Finance Department 
Al Layyeh Suburb 
P.O. Box 201 
Sharjah 
United Arab Emirates 
PRINCIPAL PAYING 
AGENT AND TRANSFER 
AGENT 
 
REGISTRAR, U.S. PAYING 
AGENT AND U.S. 
TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch 
Winchester House 
One Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas 
Trust and Securities Services 
60 Wall Street 
New York, New York 10005 
United States of America 
 
ARRANGER 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan 
Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
Standard Chartered 
Bank 
7th Floor Building 
One, Gate Precinct 
Dubai International 
Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE GOVERNMENT 
As to Emirate of Sharjah, UAE, English and U.S. law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Level 15, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9380 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 167 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALERS 
As to Emirate of Sharjah, UAE, English and U.S. law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
11th Floor 
Burj Daman Building 
Al Mustaqbal Street 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506678 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom  
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland