--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
FINECOBANK S.p.A. 
(incorporated as joint stock company in the Republic of Italy) 
€2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), FinecoBank S.p.A. (the 
Issuer or FinecoBank) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The FinecoBank banking group is registered with the Register of Banking Groups held by the Bank of Italy 
pursuant to Article 64 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act) under number 3015 (the Group or the FinecoBank Group). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the 
Programme” and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each 
a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
References in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue 
of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these 
risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  The Central Bank of Ireland only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as 
an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) 
or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being listed (and 
all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the form of Final Terms, the Notes have 
been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. Notice of the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) 
of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document 
(the Final Terms) which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Euronext Dublin will also be published on the 
website of the Euronext Dublin. In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, 
interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the Pricing Supplement). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or 
for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer has been rated BBB by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). S&P is established in the EEA 
and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, 
S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Accordingly the Issuer ratings issued by S&P have been endorsed by 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation) and have not 
been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
The Programme has not been assigned a rating. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes).  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes and/or Reset Notes (where relevant) will be calculated by reference 
to EURIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European 
Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in ESMA’s register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
Joint Arrangers and Dealers 
BNP Paribas 
UniCredit  
The date of this Base Prospectus is 13 February 2023.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this 
Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, and UK Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Base Prospectus shall 
be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised this Base Prospectus or any 
part thereof. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and 
no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Joint 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final 
Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, France and Belgium), 
the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Japan and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been 
derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021 (respectively, the 2020 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
and the 2021 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and together the Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements), (ii) the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer for the six months ended 
30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022 (respectively, the Unaudited Consolidated First Half Financial Report as 
at 30 June 2021 and the Unaudited Consolidated First Half Financial Report as at 30 June 2022 and 
together the Unaudited Consolidated First Half Financial Reports) and (iii) the unaudited consolidated 
interim financial data at 30 September 2022 of the FinecoBank Group (the Consolidated Interim Financial 
Report as at 30 September 2022 – Press Release) included in the Issuer's press release dated 8 November 
2022. 
The Unaudited Consolidated First Half Financial Report as at 30 June 2021 has been subject to review by 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. (Deloitte), FinecoBank Group’s external auditor for the 2013-2021 nine-year period. 
The Unaudited Consolidated First Half Financial Report as at 30 June 2022 has been subject to review by 
KPMG S.p.A. (KPMG), FinecoBank Group’s external auditor for the 2022-2030 nine-year period.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year 
are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS) as adopted by the EU and the Italian regulations 
implementing article 9 of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15. 
The Unaudited Consolidated First Half Financial Reports have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by the EU applicable to interim financial reporting, International Accounting Standards 34, Interim 
Financial Reporting. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below:  
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
• 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and 
• 
Euro, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward looking 
statements include statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and 
performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking statements. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, 
“may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements.  These 
forward looking statements are contained in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Description of the 
Issuer” and other sections of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has based these forward looking statements on 
the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial performance. Although the 
Issuer believes that the expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are 
reasonable as of the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, 
including those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any 
of the Issuer's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer's actual results of 
operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
• 
the Issuer's ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
• 
the performance of the markets in Italy and the wider region in which the Issuer operates; 
• 
the Issuer's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and investments 
it is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
• 
the Issuer's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and 
future investments and projects; and 
• 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer and its 
customers operate. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any updates or 
revisions to any forward looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations or any change 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the form of 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 11 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 19 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 49 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 53 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................................... 55 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ........................................................................................................................ 71 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 87 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 132 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................. 133 
Regulatory Aspects ......................................................................................................................................... 176 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 197 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 207 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 213

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the form of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, 
and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
FinecoBank S.p.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
549300L7YCATGO57ZE10 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  All of 
these are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Joint Arrangers: 
BNP Paribas 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
2000 (FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time.  The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars and any other 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or requirements applicable from time to time to the 
issue of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
must have a minimum maturity of not less than twelve months. 
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or requirements applicable from time to time to the 
issue of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Notes must have a 
minimum maturity of 5 years. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or 
at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of 
the Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the 
initial fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). Thereafter, 
the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Notes, Pricing Supplement) by reference to a mid-market swap 
rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case, as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the form of 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.  
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked 
Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments.   
 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index 
Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index 
Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to such 
index and/or formula or to changes in the prices of securities or 
commodities or to such other factors as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree. 
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal 
or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual 
Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and based on 
such rates of exchange, as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may 
agree.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which 
the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such amounts and 
on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue Notes 
which may be redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts 
and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will be 
included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The form of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than in the case of Exempt Notes in specified instalments, 
if applicable, or for taxation reasons or following an Event of 
Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer and/or (in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes only) at the option of the Issuer due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event, as described in Condition  5.6 (Issuer Call 
due to MREL Disqualification Event) and/or (in case of 
Subordinated Notes only) at the option of the Issuer for regulatory 
reasons, as described in Condition 5.3 (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)), at the option of the Issuer as described 
in Condition 5.7 (Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
and/or (in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
only) at the option of the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and 
on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Other than following an Event of Default, any redemption of 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated 
Notes prior to their stated maturity in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes (including early redemption for 
taxation reasons or early redemption for regulatory reasons) will 
be subject to the provisions of, respectively, Condition 5.14 
(Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) and Condition 5.15 (Conditions 
to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
 Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified 
in the form of Final Terms (Specified Denomination) provided 
that (i) the minimum Specified Denomination of each Note which 
is specified in the form of Final Terms as being a Senior Note

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
shall be Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as 
at the date of issue of the relevant Notes), (ii) the minimum 
Specified Denomination of each Note which is specified in the 
form of Final Terms as being a Subordinated Note shall be Euro 
200,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes), and (iii) the minimum Specified 
Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form of Final 
Terms as being a Non-Preferred Senior Note shall be Euro 
150,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes). Notes of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination.  
Taxation: 
Subject to certain conditions, all payments principal (if 
applicable) and of interest in respect of the Notes will be made 
free and clear of withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessment or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
any Tax Jurisdiction (subject to certain customary exceptions), 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will pay (subject as provided in Condition 6 
(Taxation) such additional amounts in respect of principal, in case 
of Senior Notes only not qualifying at such time as liabilities that 
are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements (if permitted by the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements), and interest, in case of all 
other Notes, as will result in receipt by the Noteholders, the 
Couponholders and the Receiptholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a cross default provision. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued by FinecoBank on a subordinated basis (as 
Subordinated Notes) or unsubordinated basis (as Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
The Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than obligations ranking junior to the 
Senior Notes from time to time (including Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank, or 
expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Notes, on or following the 
Issue Date), if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding, 
as described in Condition 2.1 (Status of the Senior Notes).  
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes: 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes (being Notes intended to qualify 
as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the 
Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Italian Consolidated

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Banking Act) constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, 
and unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, 
ranking junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank in their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, including claims arising from excluded liabilities 
within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the Regulation No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended from time to time (the CRR), pari 
passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all 
other present or future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank 
or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the 
relevant Non-Preferred Senior Notes and in priority to any 
subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the 
Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Italian Consolidated Banking Act, as described in Condition 2.2 
(Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
Subject as set out below, the Subordinated Notes (being notes 
intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital 
purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of 
Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza Prudenziale per le Banche, as set 
out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time (the Bank of Italy 
Regulations), including any successor regulations, and Article 63 
of the CRR) constitute unconditional, subordinated unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and, (subject to Condition 2.3 (Status of 
the Subordinated Notes)), rank (i) after all unsubordinated, 
unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior 
Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer and after all 
creditors of the Issuer holding instruments that are or are 
expressed by their terms to be less subordinated than the relevant 
Subordinated Notes; (ii) at least pari passu and without any 
preferences among themselves, and with all other present and 
future subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed 
by their terms to rank or which do not rank junior or senior to the 
relevant Subordinated Notes (save for those preferred by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law); and (iii) in 
priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to all other 
present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which 
rank or are expressed by their terms to rank junior to the relevant 
Subordinated Notes. 
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not qualify 
or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form of 
Tier 2 capital, such Subordinated Notes and any relative Receipts 
and 
Coupons 
shall 
rank 
subordinated 
and 
junior 
to 
unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and 
holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the 
Issuer, pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments 
which do not qualify or have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, 
as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do 
not rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by mandatory 
and/or overriding provisions of law to rank junior or senior to the 
relevant Subordinated Notes (which do not qualify or have so 
ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form of 
Tier 2 capital) and senior to instruments which qualify (in whole 
or in part) as own fund items (elementi di fondi propri), as 
described in Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes). 
Variation: 
With respect to (i) any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event 
occurs, and if Variation is specified as being applicable in the 
form of Final Terms, or (ii) all Notes, if Variation is specified as 
being applicable in the form of Final Terms, in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any 
notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) and 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Paying Agents and the holders of the Notes of that Series (or such 
other notice periods as may be specified in the form of Final 
Terms), at any time vary the terms of such Notes so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes, 
Qualifying 
Non-Preferred 
Senior 
Notes 
or 
Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation 
does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
varied securities. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the form of Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).  A security rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Approval and Listing: 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The Central Bank of Ireland has only approved the 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that is the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from 
the date hereof to be admitted to the Official List and trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.  
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued. 
 
The form of Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian Law. 
See Condition 15 (Governing Law and Submission to 
Jurisdiction). 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 3.3 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 3.2 (Interest on Reset Notes), 
if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 3.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and 
whether any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 3.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (all as defined in the Conditions). 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, France and 
Belgium), the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Japan and 
Singapore and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”). 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the form of Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due.  It is not possible to identify all 
such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a 
result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's  control.  The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus 
a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors 
The FinecoBank Group’s performance is affected by the financial markets and the macroeconomic and 
political environment of the countries in which it operates. Each of these factors can change the level of demand 
for the Issuer’s products and services, the credit quality of its customers, debtors and counterparties, the interest 
rate margin between lending and borrowing costs and the value of its investment and trading portfolios and 
can influence the Issuer’s balance sheet and economic results. 
In particular, the Russia-Ukraine war started in February 2022 with the invasion of Ukraine by Russia. The 
extent of the consequences of this war with regard to energy price increases and inflation as a whole on the 
one hand and trade restrictions and sanctions on the other hand, as well as counteractions and the duration of 
such a conflict are not foreseeable at this time. This conflict could have significant adverse effects on the 
European economy, inflation and the stability of international financial markets. However, as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not directly exposed to Russian assets affected by the conflict, and undirect 
exposure represented by guarantees received under pledge-backed financing transactions are of insignificant 
amount. 
High levels of uncertainty are also due to the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries, including 
Italy, and the related, repeated shocks to the financial markets. European political uncertainties also remain a 
source of potential setback for the recovery. 
Furthermore, the current macroeconomic situation is affected by: (i) the impact of viral pneumonia known as 
“Coronavirus” (COVID-19) on global growth and individual countries. In particular, 2020 has been marked 
by the global spread of COVID-19, which led the world economy to a profound economic contraction; (ii) the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
U.S.-driven trend toward protectionism; (iii) the rapid growth of credit in the Chinese economy and the risk of 
a downward pressure on Chinese property investment causing an outright contraction in housing sales and 
investment; (iv) the developments associated with Brexit; (v) future developments in the European Central 
bank (ECB) and U.S. Federal Reserve monetary policies and the policies implemented by various countries, 
including those aimed at promoting competitive devaluations of their currencies; and (vi) constant change in 
the global and European banking sector, which has led to a progressive reduction in the spread between lending 
and borrowing rates. 
With reference to the exit of the United Kingdom from the single market on 1 January 2021, changes in the 
relationship between the UK and the EU may affect the business of the Issuer and the Group. On 29 March 
2017, the UK invoked Article 50 of the Treaty on the European Union and officially notified the EU of its 
decision to withdraw from the EU. On 31 January 2020, the UK withdrew from the EU and the transition 
period ended on 31 December 2020 at 11 pm. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on 
the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation 
made under it ensure there is a functioning statute book in the UK. 
The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the Trade and Cooperation Agreement), which governs 
relations between the EU and UK following the end of the Brexit transition period and which had provisional 
application pending completion of ratification procedures, entered into force on 1 May 2021. The Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision of regulated 
financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. 
Furthermore, the FinecoBank Group’s primary market is Italy. Therefore, its business is particularly sensitive 
to changes in the Italian economy and adverse macroeconomic conditions in Italy. In particular, there are 
considerable uncertainties around the future growth of the Italian economy. The political uncertainty and 
persistence of adverse economic conditions in Italy, or a slower recovery in Italy compared to other 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) nations could have an adverse effect on 
the FinecoBank Group's business, cost of borrowing, results of operations or financial condition, as well as on 
the value of its assets, and could result in further costs related to write-downs and impairment losses. In 
addition, any downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade may 
occur, may destabilise the markets and have an adverse effect on the FinecoBank Group's operating results, 
capital and liquidity position, financial condition and prospects as well as on the marketability of the Notes. If 
sentiment towards the banks and/or other financial institutions operating in Italy were to deteriorate materially, 
or if FinecoBank’s ratings and/or the ratings of the sector were to be further adversely affected, this may have 
an adverse impact on the FinecoBank Group. In addition, such change in sentiment or reduction in ratings 
could result in an increase in the costs and a reduction in the availability of wholesale market funding across 
the financial sector which could have an adverse effect on the liquidity funding and value of the assets of all 
Italian financial services institutions, including FinecoBank. 
However, material adverse effects on the business and profitability of the FinecoBank Group may result from 
further developments in terms of monetary policy and/or additional events occurring on an extraordinary basis 
(such as political instability, terrorism and any other similar event occurring in the markets where the 
FinecoBank Group operates and, as recently experienced, a pandemic emergency). In addition, the FinecoBank 
Group’s performance is affected by factors such as investor confidence, financial market liquidity, the 
availability and cost of borrowing on the capital markets, all of which are by their very nature, connected to 
the general macroeconomic situation.  The global economic recovery may be further impacted by potential 
new rounds of restrictions that might be introduced by countries across the world, with the risk of further 
slowing down the expected recovery.   
Adverse changes in the above factors, particularly at times of economic-financial crisis, could increase the 
FinecoBank Group’s cost of funding, with a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition and 
results of operations of FinecoBank and/or the FinecoBank Group.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
Risks exposure to sovereign debt  
FinecoBank Group’s results are and will be exposed to sovereign debtors, in particular to Italy and certain 
major European countries. Sovereign exposures are bonds issued by and loans given to central and local 
governments and governmental bodies. With reference to FinecoBank’s sovereign exposures in debt, the book 
value of sovereign debt securities as at 30 June 2022 recognised in the caption “Financial assets designated at 
fair value through other comprehensive income” and in “Financial assets measured at amortised cost” 
amounted to €18,240,992 thousand: Italy with €7,921,561 thousand; Spain with €4,733,175 thousand; 
Germany with €171,405 thousand; France with €1,455,908 thousand; USA with €653,515 thousand; Austria 
with €669,324 thousand, Ireland with €934,190 thousand, the United Kingdom with €52,738 thousand, 
Belgium with €717,999 thousand, Portugal with €381,188 thousand, Switzerland with €35,178 thousand, 
Saudi Arabia with €90,038 thousand, Chile with €214,686 thousand, China with €165,397 thousand, Latvia 
with €29,725 thousand and Iceland with €14,965 thousand. As at 30 June 2022, FinecoBank is also exposed 
to debt securities issued by sovereign entities which are classified as “Other financial assets mandatorily at fair 
value” for €76 thousand.  
As at 30 June 2022, investments in debt securities issued by sovereign states accounted for 50.6% of 
FinecoBank’s total assets. There were no structured debt securities among the sovereign debt securities held 
by FinecoBank. FinecoBank is therefore exposed to fluctuations in the price of the public debt securities. 
Tensions or volatility in the government bond market could negatively impact on FinecoBank’s financial 
position and performance. See also “Credit and counterparty risks” below. 
Credit and counterparty risks 
In carrying out its activity, the Issuer is exposed to credit risk, or the risk that loans may not be repaid at 
maturity due to the deterioration of the debtor’s financial condition, resulting in a partial or full write-down. 
This risk is always inherent in traditional lending operations regardless of the type of credit facility. The main 
reasons for default lie in the borrower’s lack of autonomous ability to ensure the repayment of the debt. 
FinecoBank is also exposed to counterparty risk, or the risk that the risk that a counterparty to a transaction 
eventually fails to settle the transaction itself. Counterparty risk may, for example, arise from: (i) entering into 
derivative contracts; (ii) purchasing and selling securities, futures, or currencies; or (iii) holding third-party 
securities. 
FinecoBank’ engages in relatively limited lending to its retail clients, with only €4.3 million in net exposure 
to impaired loans outstanding to its retail clients as of 30 June 2022 (and a ratio of impaired loans to total loans 
to ordinary customers of 0.1 per cent. as of such date). Choices concerning the investment of FinecoBank’s 
liquidity are governed by a prudential approach aimed at containing credit risk and mainly involve the 
subscription of Eurozone government bonds, supranational entities and local authorities, in addition to bonds 
issued by UniCredit S.p.A. (UniCredit) subscribed until 2017 (UniCredit Bonds). For further information, 
please refer to “Material Contracts” under section “Description of the Issuer”. 
FinecoBank’s credit and counterparty risk is inherently connected to the insolvency risk of these entities, and 
changes in the creditworthiness of any of these entities could have a material adverse effect on FinecoBank’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition. Counterparties’ failure to comply with a large number 
of transactions or one or more transactions of a significant amount would have a materially negative impact 
on FinecoBank Group’s activity, financial condition and operating results.  
Risks associated with the Issuer’s rating  
FinecoBank is rated by S&P, which is established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the ESMA webpage.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
In determining the rating assigned to FinecoBank, the rating agency considers and will continue to review 
various indicators of FinecoBank’s creditworthiness, including (but not limited to) the FinecoBank Group’s 
performance, profitability and its ability to maintain its consolidated capital ratios within certain target levels. 
If FinecoBank fails to achieve or maintain any or a combination of more than one of the indicators, this may 
result in a downgrade of FinecoBank’s rating by S&P. 
Any rating downgrade of FinecoBank or other entities of the FinecoBank Group would be expected to increase 
the re-financing costs of the FinecoBank Group and may limit its access to the financial markets and other 
sources of liquidity, all of which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations and, as a consequence, on the rating which might be assigned to the Notes. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk consists of changes in interest rates affecting the net interest margin and the net present value 
of assets and liabilities, as well as the present value of future cash flows. 
FinecoBank is particularly exposed to changes in interest rates to the extent that these fluctuations may have 
an impact on the interest that FinecoBank earns on its portfolios of UniCredit bonds and part of its government 
bonds portfolio – in particular floating rate bonds and hedged fixed rate investments. FinecoBank’s euro sight 
deposits are currently remunerated at zero rate whilst part of its assets are linked to floating rates. FinecoBank 
has diversified its portfolio of government bonds since 2015. 
As a result, an increase in interest rates may generate greater earnings on the liquidity FinecoBank has 
advanced to its counterparties, but it could also increase its cost of funding by increasing the amounts it pays 
customers for their deposits. Conversely, a decline in interest rates will likely decrease amounts FinecoBank 
earns from its counterparties. Due to these factors, any change in interest rates will likely have an impact on 
FinecoBank’s results, but positive trends in one part of its business due to interest rates may not be offset by 
other aspects of its business. Any lack of alignment between the interest income that FinecoBank earns and 
the interest expense it pays could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and 
financial condition.  
FinecoBank measures and monitors interest rate risk daily, for further information please refer to “Strategy” 
under section “Description of the Issuer”. Interest rate risk has an impact on all owned positions resulting from 
strategic investment decisions.  
Market risk 
FinecoBank is exposed to market risk, namely the risk of loss arising from unfavorable market movements 
affecting the value of the securities held for trading or in its bank portfolio. The Issuer is subject to market risk 
also when acting as systematic internaliser on stocks, bonds, and foreign exchange markets, acting as a direct 
counterparty for its clients’ orders (or by trading on our own behalf) without transmitting the orders through 
third-party exchanges and acting as structurer of OTC derivative products (including CFDs and daily options).  
Market risk in FinecoBank is defined through two sets of limits: 
• 
Overall measures of market risk (e.g. VaR): which are meant to establish a boundary to the economic 
capital absorption and to the economic loss accepted in trading activities; these limits must be 
consistent with assigned revenue targets and the defined risk taking capacity; 
• 
Granular measures of market risk (Sensitivity limits, Stress scenario limits, Nominal limits): which 
exist independently of, but act in concert with the overall limits; in order to control more effectively 
and more specifically different risk types, desks and products, these limits are generally granular

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
sensitivity or stress-related limits. The levels set for granular limits aim at limiting the concentration 
in individual risk factors and the excessive exposure in risk factors which are not sufficiently covered 
under VaR. 
As at 30 June 2022, FinecoBank’s daily TB VaR limit was €162,000 and the average TB VaR was €116,000.  
Although FinecoBank’s exposure as direct counterparty to its clients is limited in accordance with applicable 
rules, significantly unfavorable market movements affecting the value of the securities held in its brokerage or 
banking portfolio could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Liquidity risk 
FinecoBank is exposed to liquidity risk, namely the risk of being unable to meet its payment obligations as 
they come due or of properly managing cash inflows and outflows, which may consist of funding liquidity risk 
(arising from the inability to obtain funds without negatively affecting its business or its financial condition) 
or market liquidity risk (arising from the inability to sell financial assets in the market without incurring in 
losses caused by the illiquidity of the markets). Although FinecoBank’s available liquidity (which consists 
mainly of amounts deposited by its customers in current and demand accounts or term deposits) has historically 
been stable and it employs liquidity management policies and risk management policies that are specifically 
aimed at preventing cash imbalances, future extraordinary events may result in a mismanagement of its cash 
flows, and this could have a material adverse effect on FinecoBank’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. For further information, please refer to “Key Competitive Strengths” under section 
“Description of the Issuer”. 
Due to the financial market crisis, followed also by the reduced liquidity available to operators in the sector, 
the ECB has implemented important interventions in monetary policy, such as the targeted longer term 
refinancing operations introduced in 2014 (i.e., TLTRO), the targeted longer term refinancing operations II 
introduced in 2016 (i.e., TLTRO II) and the targeted longer term refinancing operations III announced in 2019 
(TLTRO III). 
It is not possible to predict the duration and the amounts with which these liquidity support operations can be 
repeated in the future with the result that it is not possible to exclude a reduction or even the cancellation of 
this support. This would result in the need for banks to seek alternative sources of borrowing, without ruling 
out the difficulties of obtaining such alternative funding as well as the risk that the related costs could be 
higher. Such a situation could therefore adversely affect FinecoBank's business, operating results and the 
economic and financial position of the Issuer.For further information, see “Measures to counter the impact of 
the "COVID-19" virus” under section “Business Description”.  
Exchange rates risk 
The effects of exchange rate trends could have a significant influence on the assets and the operations, balance 
sheet and/or income statement of the Issuer and/or the FinecoBank Group. This exposes FinecoBank to the 
risks connected with converting foreign currencies and carrying out transactions in foreign currencies. Any 
negative change in exchange rates and/or a hedging policy that turns out to be insufficient to hedge the related 
risk could have major negative effects on the activity, operating results and capital and financial position of 
the Issuer and/or the FinecoBank Group. 
FinecoBank’s exchange rate risk mainly derives from a mismatching of assets and liabilities in USD. The 
exchange rate risk is hedged through the matching of assets and liabilities denominated in currency or through 
spot transactions in foreign currencies.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
As part of its treasury activities, FinecoBank collects funds in foreign currencies, mainly US dollars, through 
customer current accounts, subsequently investing these funds with primary credit institutions and in US dollar 
denominated securities (in particular US Treasuries). 
The financial statements and interim reports of the FinecoBank Group are prepared in Euro and reflect the 
currency conversions necessary to comply with the IFRS. 
Competition 
FinecoBank operates in highly competitive markets in the banking industry, particularly in the market for the 
provision of banking and investing services through online and mobile channels, as well as competition for 
services provided through financial advisors. The adoption of the MiFID II and the Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (MiFIR) 
has impacted FinecoBank’s business by imposing increased transparency obligations in FinecoBank’s 
brokerage and investing services businesses. Competition in FinecoBank’s industry is increasing and may 
further intensify in the future, as a result of possible changes in the applicable legal framework, consumer 
trends, rapid changes in technology, actions of its competitors and the possible consolidation in the financial 
industry or the entry of new competitors. Moreover, deterioration in the macroeconomic environment may 
further increase competitive pressure, imposing greater pressure on prices and reducing the volume of financial 
activity. There is particular competition in the online and mobile banking and investment sectors, stemming 
from demand by customers for new and increasingly sophisticated services as well as marketing policies 
implemented by certain of FinecoBank’s competitors that try to entice new clients through the offer of services 
and products at below cost or by paying interest rates on deposits that are in excess of their cost of funding. In 
recent years, a number of direct banks with a focus on online distribution have entered the Italian market and 
a number of more traditional banks have placed increase focus on expanding their online and mobile banking 
options.  
Any failure by FinecoBank to effectively respond to increasing competitive pressures could lead to a loss of 
business and/or a failure to win new business, which could decrease its revenues and have a material adverse 
effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risks associated with pending legal proceedings 
FinecoBank is involved in a number of legal disputes, the most significant of which are proceedings related 
to: (i) claims by its customers alleging unlawful conduct by its financial advisors, for which it may be held 
jointly and severally liable; (ii) claims by its customers alleging breaches by it of applicable banking and 
financial rules of conduct or other contractual breaches; and (iii) claims by former financial advisors for 
severance pay. See “Litigation and Other Proceedings” under section “Description of the Issuer”.   
The losses that it may eventually suffer as a result of pending legal proceedings may materially exceed the 
amounts that it has set aside as provisions for these claims. Moreover, there is the risk that the competent 
supervisory authorities may initiate regulatory proceedings that may lead to sanctions against FinecoBank in 
the event that it is found to have breached the rules and regulations applicable to its business. Any such 
proceedings may also have a negative impact on FinecoBank’s reputation. The occurrence of any of these 
events could have a material adverse effect on FinecoBank’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Risk related to the development of the banking sector regulation and the changes in the regulation on the 
solution of banking crisis 
The FinecoBank Group is subject to regulation and supervision in the various countries in which it operates. 
Legislation in many of these countries has been enacted or proposed with a view to increasing financial and 
consumer credit regulations and supervisory bodies have broad jurisdiction over many aspects of FinecoBank 
Group, including capital adequacy requirements, marketing and selling practices, advertising, licensing, terms

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
of business and permitted investments. In particular, FinecoBank Group is required to hold a license for its 
operations and is subject to regulation and supervision by the Italian Securities and Exchange Commission 
(CONSOB) and the Bank of Italy. In addition, starting from January 2022, FinecoBank is subject to the 
supervision of the ECB under the Single Supervisory Mechanism (as described below). The banking laws to 
which FinecoBank Group is subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to 
maintain the safety and soundness of banks and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, FinecoBank Group 
must comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. Extensive regulations 
are already in place and new regulations and guidelines are introduced relatively frequently. Any changes in 
the regulatory framework, in how such regulations are applied, or any further implementation of new 
requirements for financial institutions and banks, may have a material effect on the business and operations of 
FinecoBank Group. 
Each of FinecoBank and its subsidiaries, as the case may be, also faces the risk that the relevant supervisory 
body may find it has failed to comply with applicable regulations and any such regulatory proceedings could 
result in adverse publicity for, or negative perceptions regarding, such supervised entity, which could lead to 
a reputational damage for the FinecoBank Group. In addition, any significant regulatory action against a 
member of the FinecoBank Group could lead to financial losses, as a result of regulatory fines, reprimands or 
litigations, and, in extreme scenarios, to the suspension of operations or even withdrawal of authorizations, 
thus having a material adverse effect on FinecoBank Group's business, results of operations and its financial 
condition, which would be reflected in the FinecoBank Group’s consolidated results. 
Regulatory framework 
Starting from 1 January 2014, a part of the supervisory rules has been amended on the grounds of the directions 
deriving from the so-called Basel III agreements, mainly with the purpose to significantly strengthen the 
minimum capital requirements, the restraint of the leverage degree and the introduction of policies and 
quantitative rules for the mitigation of the liquidity risk of the banks. In terms of banking and prudential 
regulation, FinecoBank is also subject to the BRRD, as amended by the BRRD II (as defined below), as 
implemented into the Italian jurisdiction by Legislative Decrees no. 180 and 181 of 16 November 2015, as 
subsequently amended, as well as the relevant technical standards and guidelines from EU regulatory bodies 
(i.e. the European Banking Authority (EBA)), which, inter alia, provide for capital “Minimum Requirement 
for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities” (MREL) requirements for credit institutions, recovery and resolution 
mechanisms. 
Should FinecoBank not be able to meet the capital and/or MREL requirements imposed by the applicable laws 
and regulations, it may be required to maintain higher levels of capital, which could potentially impact its 
credit ratings, and funding conditions and which could limit FinecoBank’s growth opportunities. 
For a description of the MREL requirements applicable to FinecoBank Group, see “The Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive” under section “Regulatory Aspects”.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, banks must meet the own funds requirements provided by article 92 of 
the CRD IV Regulation, as amended by the CRR II: (i) the Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio must be equal to at 
least 4.5 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount of the bank; (ii) the Tier 1 Ratio must be equal to at least 
6 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount of the bank; (iii) the Total Capital Ratio must be equal to at least 
8 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount of the bank; and (iv) the Leverage Ratio must be equal to at least 
3 per cent. of the Tier 1 Ratio divided by the total exposures amount of the bank. In addition to the minimum 
regulatory requirements, banks must meet the Combined Buffer Requirement provided by the CRD IV 
Directive. 
As for the capital requirements, the prudential provisions in force provide for minimum capitalisation levels. 
In particular, the banks are required to have a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) ratio at least equal to 7% of the 
risk-weighted assets, a Tier 1 ratio equal at least to 8.5% of the risk-weighted assets and a Total Capital ratio

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
equal at least to 10.5% of said risk-weighted assets (such minimum levels include the so-called "capital 
conservation buffer", namely a "buffer" of further mandatory capitalisation). 
FinecoBank, as a bank of significant importance for the European financial system, is subject to direct 
supervision of the ECB. Following the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) the ECB provides, 
on an annual basis, a final decision of the capital requirement that FinecoBank must comply with at consolidated 
level.  
On 15 December 2022, FinecoBank received the final decision of the ECB concerning the capital requirements 
that FinecoBank Group has to meet. From 1 January 2023, FinecoBank Group shall respect the following 
capital requirements (including the Total SREP Capital Requirement (TSCR)) on a consolidated basis: 
 
REQUIREMENTS 
CET1 
T1 
TOTAL 
CAPITAL 
A) Pillar 1 requirements 
4.50% 
6.00% 
8.00% 
B) Pillar 2 requirements 
0.98% 
1.31% 
1.75% 
C) TSCR (A+B) 
5.48% 
7.31% 
9.75% 
D) Combined Buffer requirement, of which: 
2.50% 
2.50% 
2.50% 
1. Capital Conservation Buffer (CCB) 
2.50% 
2.50% 
2.50% 
2. Institution-specific Countercyclical Capital Buffer (CCyB) 
0.004% 
0.004% 
0.004% 
E) Overall Capital Requirement (C+D) 
7.98% 
9.81% 
12.25% 
At the end of the administrative process related to the determination of the MREL, in August 2021, FinecoBank 
has received from the Bank of Italy, in agreement with the Single Resolution Board (SRB), the SRB’s decision. 
The Issuer shall comply with MREL on a consolidated basis, starting from January 2024, with an intermediate 
binding target from 1 January 2022. In particular, FinecoBank must comply with a MREL requirement at a 
level of 18.33% of the Total Risk Exposure Amount (i.e. TREA) – 20.83% including the Combined Buffer 
Requirement – and of 5.18% of Leverage Ratio Exposure (i.e. LRE), with an intermediate target at 4.11% 
from 1 of January 2022. In order to comply with the requirements and the calculation of other eligible liabilities 
issued by FinecoBank, currently there is no subordination requirement in relation to the issuance of eligible 
MREL instruments which are not intended to qualify as capital.  
For a description of the Pillar 2 requirements applicable to FinecoBank Group please see “Basel III and CRD 
IV Package” and “Capital Requirements” under section “Regulatory Aspects”.  
As for the liquidity, the European rules envisage, inter alia, a short-term indicator (Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
or LCR), aimed at creating and maintaining a liquidity buffer able to allow the survival of the bank for a period 
of thirty days in case of serious market stress, and a structural liquidity indicator (Net Stable Funding Ratio 
or NSFR) with a temporal horizon longer than a year, introduced to ensure that the assets and liabilities have 
a sustainable maturity structure.  
The FinecoBank Group’s liquidity and long-term viability depends on many factors including its ability to 
successfully raise capital and secure appropriate financing. Should FinecoBank Group not be able to 
implement the approach to capital requirements it considers optimal in order to meet the capital requirements 
imposed by the CRD IV Package (as amended by the Banking Reform Package (as defined below)), it may be

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
required to maintain levels of capital which could potentially impact its credit ratings, funding conditions and 
limit FinecoBank’s growth opportunities. 
Both indicators of the FinecoBank Group are widely above the minimum limits provided by the 
abovementioned provisions of law.  
Furthermore, the Banking Reform Package (as defined below) introduced the financial Leverage Ratio, which 
measures the coverage degree of Class 1 Capital compared to the total exposure of the FinecoBank Group. 
Such index is calculated by considering the assets and exposures out of the budget. The objective of the 
indicator is to contain the degree of indebtedness in the balance sheets of the banks. The ratio is subject to a 
minimum regulatory limit of 3%. 
As to the temporary measures introduced by the ECB to counter the economic effects of COVID-19 outbreak, 
the Issuer decided to not benefit from the temporary capital and operational relief provided for by the CRR 
Quick Fix and the ECB Communication (as defined below). Therefore, the progressive expiry of said 
temporary measures, scheduled to complete by January 2023, would not affect the Issuer’s capital and liquidity 
stability. 
For a description of the temporary measures adopted to contrast the economic effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic, see “Measures to counter the impact of the “COVID-19” virus” under section “Regulatory 
Aspects”. 
Depending on the outcomes of the legislative process underway in Europe, FinecoBank might be compelled 
to adapt to changes in the regulations (and in their construction and/or implementation procedures adopted by 
the supervisory authorities), with potential adverse effects on its assets, liabilities and financial situation. In 
particular, investors should consider that supervisory authorities may impose further requirements and/or 
parameters for the purpose of calculating capital adequacy requirements or may adopt interpretation 
approaches of the legislation governing prudential fund requirements unfavourable to FinecoBank, with 
consequent inability of FinecoBank to comply with the requirements imposed and with a potential negative 
impact, even material, on the business and capital, economic and financial conditions. 
In light of that, FinecoBank has in place specific procedures and internal policies - in accordance with the 
regulatory frameworks defined by domestic and European supervisory authorities and consistent with the 
regulatory framework being implemented at the European Union level - to monitor, among other things, 
liquidity levels and capital adequacy. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be no 
assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect FinecoBank’s results of 
operations, business and financial condition. In particular, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the EU 
Banking Reform Package (as defined below) has been recently implemented in Italy and there is uncertainty 
as to its implementation and interpretation, and it is not yet clear what impact the changes introduced by the 
Banking Reform Package (as defined below) will have on FinecoBank's operations. Moreover, as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy’s authority to introduce a systemic risk buffer and borrower based 
measures has recently been introduced into the Circular No. 285 (as defined below) and there is uncertainty as 
to how (and if) the Italian regulator would exercise such authority. Therefore, it is not yet clear what impact 
these regulatory changes will have on FinecoBank’s operations. Finally, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the 2021 Reform Package (as defined below) has recently been proposed by the European Commission and 
there is uncertainty as to adoption and implementation, and it is not yet clear how and to what extent this 
legislative proposal may impact on FinecoBank’s operations. 
For a description of the Banking Reform Package (as defined below) applicable to FinecoBank Group please 
see “Revision to the CRD IV Package” under section “Regulatory Aspects”. 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the (EU) Regulation no. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – so-called

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
SRMR), which may determine a significant impact on the economic and financial position of the FinecoBank 
and the FinecoBank Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources 
that shall be provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
The ordinary annual contribution for the year 2022 to the Single Resolution Fund was paid and accounted for 
by FinecoBank. “Administrative Expenses b) other administrative expenses” of FinecoBank’s income 
statement, amounting to €7,601 thousand. 
Investors should also consider that it cannot be excluded that in the future FinecoBank may be required, in 
particular in light of external factors and unforeseeable events outside its control and/or after further requests 
by the supervisory authority, to implement capital enhancement interventions; there is also a risk that 
FinecoBank may not be able to achieve and/or maintain (both at individual and consolidated level) the 
minimum capital requirements provided for by the legislation in force from time to time or established from 
time to time by the supervisory authority in the times prescribed therein, with potential material negative 
impact on its business and capital, economic and financial condition. 
In these circumstances, it cannot be excluded that FinecoBank may be subject to extraordinary actions and/or 
measures by competent authorities, which may include, inter alia, the application of the resolution tools as per 
the BRRD Decrees (as defined below). In particular, the impact of the resolution tools provided for by the 
BRRD Decrees on the rights of the Noteholders are further described in the section “Regulatory Aspects”. In 
this respect, please see “The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” and “Revision to the BRRD framework” 
under section “Regulatory Aspects”. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions (the SSM 
Regulation) in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the Single Supervisory Mechanism or 
SSM). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national 
regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over 
"banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone. 
In this respect, "banks of significant importance" include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total 
value of its assets exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of 
its total assets over the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant 
credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from 
the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; (iv) is considered by the ECB 
to be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating 
Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with each 
national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution 
significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. FinecoBank has been 
classified as a significant supervised entity within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the ECB 
of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism 
between the ECB and each national competent authority and with national designated authorities (the SSM 
Framework Regulation) and, as such, is subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the 
functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation. 
For further details, please see “ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism” under section “Regulatory Aspects”. 
Risks connected with FinecoBank’s Budget 
On 16 December 2021, FinecoBank’s Board of Directors approved the 2022 Budget (the Budget) which 
contains a number of strategic, capital and financial objectives (collectively, the Budget Objectives).

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
FinecoBank’s ability to meet the Budget Objectives depends on a number of assumptions and circumstances, 
some of which are outside FinecoBank’s control, including those relating to developments in the 
macroeconomic and political environments in which it operates, developments in applicable laws and 
regulations and assumption related to the effects of specific actions or future events which FinecoBank can 
partially manage. Assumptions by their nature are inherently subjective and the assumptions underlying the 
Budget Objectives could turn out to be inaccurate, in whole or in part, which may mean that FinecoBank is 
not able to fulfil the Budget Objectives. If this were to occur, FinecoBank’s actual results may differ 
significantly from those set forth in the Budget Objectives, which could have a material adverse effect on 
FinecoBank’s business, results of operations, financial condition or capital position. 
Risks connected with the entry into force of new accounting principles and changes to applicable accounting 
principles 
The FinecoBank Group is exposed to the effects of the entry into force and subsequent application of new 
accounting principles or standards and regulations and/or changes to them (including those resulting from 
IFRS as endorsed and adopted into European law). Specifically, in the future, the FinecoBank Group may need 
to revise the accounting and regulatory treatment of some existing assets and liabilities and transactions (and 
related income and expense), with possible negative effects, including significant ones, on the estimates in 
financial plans for future years and this could lead the FinecoBank Group to having to restate financial data 
published previously. 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Risk of failure or malfunction of FinecoBank’s information technology systems, which could harm its business 
and reputation 
FinecoBank relies on its information technology systems - many of which have been developed internally - 
for the provision of its banking, brokerage and investing services to its customers, as well as for the 
management of nearly all its internal administrative, financial, accounting and control systems. These 
information technology systems are fundamental to FinecoBank’s operations and are a key element of its 
success and its ability to generate revenues hinges on these systems functioning properly and efficiently. 
Although FinecoBank has adopted business continuity and disaster recovery plans, and implemented other 
protections for these systems, its information technology systems may experience outages, delays or other 
failures or malfunctions due to design flaws, malicious attacks, hacking or other reasons. Any such failures 
may lead to customer dissatisfaction or otherwise damage its reputation. Any failure of, or attack upon, 
FinecoBank’s systems, including failures that are only temporary in nature, may have a material adverse effect 
on its business, results of operations or financial condition. 
Outsourcing risk 
Pursuant to service agreements between FinecoBank and certain service providers, FinecoBank’s clients are 
able to access branches and ATMs of UniCredit and its subsidiaries (UniCredit Group) for the purposes of 
carrying out their banking transactions without being charged any additional fees, and FinecoBank considers 
this a key aspect of the banking services it offers. See “Material Contracts” under section “Description of the 
Issuer”. 
Any error, delay, interruption or termination, whether in whole or in part, in the services provided by such 
service providers could impair the timing and quality of FinecoBank’s services to its customers. 
In addition, FinecoBank outsources certain material back-office activities and services to third-party service 
providers (including affiliates of the UniCredit Group). In particular, FinecoBank outsources services for the 
maintenance of certain operating systems, transmission over certain interbank payment networks, credit card 
payment processing, and for certain aspects of its customer care. Any interruption in the services provided by 
third parties or breach by these third parties of their commitments could impair the timing and quality of the

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
services received by FinecoBank’s customers. FinecoBank is also exposed to the risk that external vendors 
that provide services to it may incur delays or interruptions in fulfilling their obligations or that they become 
subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, which could cause delays and inefficiencies in FinecoBank’s 
business activities that could have a negative impact on its clients. 
The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on FinecoBank’s business, results 
of operations and financial condition. 
Operational risk 
FinecoBank is exposed to many types of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or other misconduct by 
employees or outsiders, claims from customers, unauthorized or illegal transactions by employees or 
operational errors, including clerical or record-keeping errors or errors resulting from malfunctioning 
computers or telecommunication systems. In addition, FinecoBank’s dependence upon automated systems to 
record and process its transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee 
tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses which are difficult to detect. FinecoBank may 
also be subject to disruptions of its operating systems, arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond 
its control (computer viruses, hacking from outsiders, electrical or telecommunication outages, force majeure 
events), which may give rise to service outages and to losses or liability to it. As at 30 June 2022, FinecoBank’s 
average risk loss was €8.3 thousand and total operating losses amounted to approximately €2 million. With 
specific reference to its brokerage services, FinecoBank relies on a technical infrastructure developed and 
managed internally to process and execute its clients’ trading orders. This infrastructure is connected to the 
financial markets through dedicated systems that are not managed by FinecoBank. Errors or technical 
disruptions of FinecoBank’s infrastructure or malfunctions in the communication systems between 
FinecoBank and the financial markets, as well as problems in relation to the settlement of orders, may give 
rise to service outages and to losses or liability to FinecoBank. The net commissions FinecoBank earned from 
its brokerage services amounted to €56.9 million (12.3% of its operating income) and €69.7 million (17.3% of 
its operating income) in the first half of 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
There can be no assurance that FinecoBank’s system of controls will not suffer losses from operational risk 
and that these losses will not be material. Should one or more of the aforementioned issues arise, this could 
have a material adverse effect on FinecoBank’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
FinecoBank may not be able to maintain the quality of its services and respond in a timely manner to market 
trends 
FinecoBank seeks to provide its clients with integrated banking, brokerage and investing services through its 
network of financial advisors, its website and applications, or “apps” for smartphones and tablets, in a way 
that makes it a “one stop solution” for their financial and investment needs. 
FinecoBank believes that its results depend, inter alia, on its continuing ability to develop and offer innovative 
products and services that are efficient and easy to use, anticipating and responding in a timely manner to new 
market trends and its clients’ needs. FinecoBank must also maintain the quality of its operating platforms, 
investment products and network of financial advisors. FinecoBank continuously invests in these 
improvements, while also monitoring the range of its financial products to ensure they offer consistently high 
quality. 
If FinecoBank is unable to maintain the quality and efficiency of its operating platforms, services and 
investment products or cannot anticipate or respond in a timely manner to new market trends, technological 
developments or changes in its clients’ needs, any of these failures could lead to problems in attracting and 
retaining customers or financial advisors. These problems, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on 
FinecoBank’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
FinecoBank’s ability to successfully implement its growth strategy in a timely manner is not assured 
FinecoBank’s ability to increase its total financial assets, revenues and improve its profitability depends upon 
the successful execution of its business strategy. FinecoBank’s business strategy is based on the following 
objectives: (i) growing and strengthening its network of financial advisors, (ii) continuing to improve its “one-
stop solution” business model, which is important to maintaining the stability of its “transactional” liquidity 
levels (i.e., the liquidity deposited by its customers to cover their day-to-day banking needs), (iii) taking 
advantage of the operating leverage offered by its internal platforms and industry-specific know-how, (iv) 
introducing a wide range of initiatives to move progressively towards a more capital efficient business model, 
and (v) conceiving and implementing the best solutions to satisfy client needs. 
If FinecoBank is unable to successfully implement its growth strategies, this could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition.  
FinecoBank’s risk management policies may be inadequate 
FinecoBank has risk management policies in place that deploy internal procedures and qualified personnel for 
the purpose of monitoring, identifying and managing risks, including liquidity risk, credit and counterparty 
risk and market risk. These risk management policies and procedures provide for corrective measures to be 
applied when these risks may cause us to trip certain thresholds that are defined by regulatory and banking 
authorities or FinecoBank’s board of directors. Some of the methods FinecoBank uses to monitor and manage 
these risks involve incorporating observations of historical market trends into the development of statistical 
models for the identification, monitoring, control and management of risks. However, these methodologies 
and strategies may be inadequate; in particular, the monitoring of risks related to financial products that are 
not traded on regulated markets may be difficult to perform, and FinecoBank could experience losses that are 
unforeseen or that are in excess of the losses foreseen by its models. In the event that its risk management 
policies and procedures for the identification, monitoring and management of risks are found to be inadequate, 
the assessments and assumptions underlying those policies and procedures are found to be inaccurate, or if it 
is exposed to risks that it did not foresee or accurately quantify, FinecoBank may suffer losses, including 
material losses, that could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
The destruction, loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure of FinecoBank’s customers’ personal data could expose 
it to reputational harm, lawsuits or administrative fines or sanctions 
In carrying out its business, FinecoBank collects, stores and processes its customers’ personal data. 
FinecoBank has defined internal procedures and technical measures to ensure compliance with all applicable 
rules and regulations concerning the processing of personal data (for further information, please refer to 
“Information Technology” under section “Description of the Issuer”). 
These measures notwithstanding, FinecoBank remains exposed to the risk that this data may be corrupted, lost, 
stolen, disclosed or used for purposes other than those that have been authorized by its customers, whether by 
its employees or third parties. Any destruction, damage, loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure of its customers’ 
data could have a material adverse impact on its business, whether in reputational terms or through exposure 
to lawsuits or administrative sanctions and fines by regulatory authorities, including the Italian Authority for 
the Protection of Personal Data, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on FinecoBank’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition.  
FinecoBank may not be able to adequately protect its intellectual property rights in foreign markets 
FinecoBank has registered the domain names “FinecoBank.it” and “mobile.FinecoBank.it” for the purpose of 
providing services to its customers through browsers and mobile devices. However, other investment service 
providers outside of Italy have registered domain names including the word “Fineco” using other top-level 
domain names (such as “.com,” “.fr” and “.es”). The use of these domain names by other service providers

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
may make it difficult for FinecoBank to expand into other markets. FinecoBank also faces the risk that actions 
by these foreign investment service providers may be confused with actions undertaken by it, which could 
have a negative impact on its reputation, its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer 
Risks associated with volatile market conditions  
Over the last few years, global financial markets have been characterised by significant volatility and 
uncertainty. High market volatility has an impact on FinecoBank’s investing and brokerage services and the 
other fee-based services that it provides to its clients, even during short periods. In particular, persistent levels 
of high volatility may lead to significant fluctuations in the market prices for stocks and bonds, as well as the 
values and/or yields of financial assets. These conditions could lead to a reduction in trading activity by 
FinecoBank’s clients that are more risk-averse, with only a partial, temporary recovery in trading as these risk-
adverse clients sell their holdings. Conversely, periods of exceptionally low volatility may also lead to a decline 
in trading activity and therefore revenues in FinecoBank’s brokerage operations if those customers hold onto 
investments and do not make additional purchases. Market volatility may also lead to a decline in the value of 
assets under management and the fees FinecoBank earns in its investment management services. 
Although FinecoBank has historically been able to generate positive returns, even in atypical and volatile 
market conditions, it can provide no assurance that future volatility or market conditions will not be 
accompanied by a decrease in the number and volume of trades carried out by customers of its brokerage 
business or in the value of its assets under management, each of which could have a material adverse effect on 
its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The assumptions and valuation methods underlying FinecoBank’s financial statements are influenced by 
macro-economic and other factors that are not predictable and may be subject to change in the future 
In accordance with IFRS, the assets, liabilities, costs and revenues reported in FinecoBank’s financial 
statements are based on valuations, estimates and projections, especially with regard to assets and liabilities, 
the market value of which is not easily obtainable from other sources. Making these estimates entails inherent 
uncertainty in calculating the values of some of its most significant balance sheet items. The quantification of 
these amounts can be significantly influenced by Italian and international economic conditions, the 
performance of financial markets, prevailing rate trends, price fluctuations, actuarial estimates and, more 
generally, its counterparties’ creditworthiness. The most significant balance sheet items that are subject to 
these estimates include: (i) fair value of financial instruments that are not quoted in active markets, (ii) loans 
and receivables and other financial assets and liabilities, (iii) severance payments and other benefits owed to 
employees and personal financial advisors, (iv) provisions for risks and charges, (v) goodwill and other 
intangible assets, and (vi) current tax liabilities and deferred taxes. 
FinecoBank’s valuation process is particularly complex due to continued macroeconomic and market 
uncertainties, related levels of volatility in the financial markets and significant indicators of credit quality 
deterioration. The parameters and information employed in estimating the aforementioned values are thus 
subject to unforeseeable changes, which may affect the value of these items, and consequently, FinecoBank’s 
financial statements. 
Furthermore, FinecoBank can provide no assurance that future changes in the fair value of financial 
instruments or their classification, including due to changes in market conditions or a reduction in trading 
volumes, will not adversely affect their trading prices, which could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
FinecoBank relies on the quality and performance of its financial advisors and its ability to recruit and retain 
them 
FinecoBank’s network of financial advisors is a key component of its distribution channel and consisted of 
2,887 financial advisors as of 30 June 2022. Despite the fact that FinecoBank seeks to select, recruit and train 
its financial advisors carefully, it can provide no assurance that there will not be errors in its assessment of 
potential candidates or shortcomings in its training programs, each of which could result in poor performance 
by these financial advisors and which could have a negative impact on its customers’ experience and its 
reputation. 
FinecoBank’s ability to recruit and retain financial advisors is a key element in the achievement of its targets 
for the growth of its network over the next few years. The market for financial advisors is highly competitive, 
and FinecoBank employs several strategies to recruit potential candidates, including offering compensation 
packages and incentives that are consistent with market standards. Should FinecoBank’s strategies or the 
packages it offers be inadequate to meet these recruitment targets, or if FinecoBank’s competitors were to offer 
more generous compensation packages to recruit financial advisors (whether in its network or that it may be 
targeting for recruitment), FinecoBank may experience difficulty in recruiting new financial advisors or it may 
lose financial advisors with significant client portfolios to its competitors. In addition, FinecoBank is also 
exposed to the risk that, as a banking institution, it may be subject to future regulatory limitations on the 
compensation of its financial advisors. Such regulations may not impact competitors that are not subject to 
them, which could also impact FinecoBank’s ability to recruit and retain financial advisors. Any negative 
developments concerning the performance of its financial advisors or its ability to recruit and retain them could 
have a material adverse effect on FinecoBank’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Improper acts committed by FinecoBank’s financial advisors in the course of their professional activities could 
give rise to liability for FinecoBank and/or damage its reputation 
From time to time, FinecoBank has been and is the subject of lawsuits that have been brought against it in 
connection with allegedly improper or illegal activities by its financial advisors, including fraud. FinecoBank 
has been impleaded as a defendant in these matters, despite the fact that the financial advisors are not 
employees of FinecoBank, because, under Italian law, an intermediary (like FinecoBank) that employs the 
services of a financial advisor is jointly and severally liable for any damage that the financial advisor may 
cause to clients or third parties arising out of the provision of such services, even if the financial advisor in 
question is convicted by a criminal court. The incurrence of such liabilities could not or could only partially 
covered by insurance policies that FinecoBank has in place, or could have a material adverse effect on 
FinecoBank business, results of operations and financial condition. For further information, please refer to 
“Litigation and Other Proceedings” under section “Description of the Issuer”. 
Although FinecoBank continuously monitors its financial advisors’ compliance with applicable laws and its 
high standards concerning fairness and transparency, its financial advisors may be negligent in the manner in 
which they distribute FinecoBank’s products and services or they may willfully engage in fraudulent or illegal 
activity. As a consequence, in addition to the adverse financial impact that FinecoBank may suffer through 
lawsuits, regulatory authorities may also bring administrative proceedings against it and may apply 
administrative sanctions, which could include fines or restrictions on its ability to conduct certain aspects of 
its business. Any such action could have a material adverse effect on FinecoBank’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Irrespective of the underlying merits of the claim, the initiation of legal or administrative proceedings against 
any of FinecoBank’s financial advisors could also have a material adverse effect on its image and  market 
reputation and, more generally, on the level of trust between FinecoBank and its customers. Any such action 
could have a material adverse effect on FinecoBank’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
FinecoBank may suffer reputational damage if the products and services it offers perform poorly 
FinecoBank offers its clients a wide range of investment products that are issued and managed by a variety of 
independent financial institutions that its management seeks to select and monitor based on objective criteria, 
but which are not under its control, as well as a range of internally and externally managed UCITS funds 
offered by FinecoBank’s subsidiary, Fineco Asset Management DAC (Fineco AM or FAM). FinecoBank also 
offers brokerage services which provide clients access to a wide range of trading products that include, among 
others, stocks, bonds, ETFs, futures, options, CFDs (on currencies, indices, stocks, bonds, and commodities), 
and structured products (i.e. certificates). The poor performance of any such products or services offered by 
FinecoBank, Fineco AM or any external financial institutions and that are placed with FinecoBank’s clients, 
whether due to the investment strategies employed by these relevant institution, or, more generally, due to the 
poor performance of its clients’ investment portfolios as a result of advice rendered by its financial advisors, 
may damage FinecoBank’s reputation, particularly if such poor performance relates to its guided products and 
services. This could have an adverse effect on FinecoBank’s ability to attract and retain clients, and in turn, on 
its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
FinecoBank’s success depends on the quality and retention of key personnel 
FinecoBank’s success depends on its ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, as well as its ability 
to retain key members of its management team. FinecoBank’s current management team (particularly its Chief 
Executive Officer and certain other key managers) has significant experience in the industries in which it 
operates and has played a crucial role in its growth and the continued development of its business. FinecoBank 
has invested considerable time and resources in training its personnel and internally developing the skills that 
are required for the operation of its business and it offers its top management compensation and incentives to 
help ensure their continued service to it. However, if FinecoBank were to lose significant personnel or if any 
key member of its management were to terminate his or her relationship with FinecoBank and it was not able 
to find a suitable replacement for such personnel or management in a timely manner, its business, results of 
operations and financial condition could suffer. 
Environmental risk 
The FinecoBank Group is sensitive to issues related to climate change. The environmental impact of the 
FinecoBank Group is mainly attributable to the direct consumption of resources at its operating offices and the 
offices of its financial advisors. Furthermore, physical and transitional events along with change in customer 
preferences as part of the adjustment process towards a low-emission economy could have an adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition. For further information, please refer to 
“Environmental Initiatives” under section “Description of the Issuer”. 
Risks associated with taxes applicable to transactions or investments in securities 
The decision by FinecoBank’s existing and prospective clients to invest in securities is affected, among other 
things, by taxes that may be applied to any transactions or investments in securities. For example, a 0.2 per 
cent. proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by 
financial intermediaries to their clients for securities deposited in Italy, including the Notes (see “Taxation-
Taxation in the Republic of Italy-Stamp duty”). The imposition of new taxes, or an increase in existing taxes 
on financial transactions or investments in securities in the markets in which FinecoBank operates, particularly 
in the Italian, European or U.S. markets, could have a negative impact on its business, and on its brokerage 
business in particular. For instance, the imposition in February 2013 of a financial transaction tax, or “Tobin 
tax” on certain transactions in equity securities of publicly-listed Italian issuers caused a decline in brokerage 
transactions for Italian equity securities and a shift toward other markets. The imposition of similar taxes 
elsewhere, or an increase in existing financial transaction taxes may have a material adverse effect on 
FinecoBank’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might occur 
in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem Notes for tax reasons in the circumstances described in, and in accordance 
with, Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) or, if so specified in the form of Final Terms, in accordance 
with Condition 5.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)). If so specified in the form of Final 
Terms, the Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes in the 
circumstances described in, and in accordance with, Condition 5.6 (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event). 
Any redemption of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer with 
any conditions to such redemption prescribed by the then applicable MREL Requirements (including any 
requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements). See “Early 
redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be restricted” below for 
further information. 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior approval of the relevant Competent Authority 
and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements, 
including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR. See “Early redemption and purchase of the Subordinated Notes 
may be restricted” and “Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes” and “Regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes” below for further information. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities.  
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in Condition 2.1 (Status of the Senior Notes), Condition 2.2 (Status of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes) and Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes), each holder of, respectively, a Senior Note, a 
Non-Preferred Senior Note and/or a Subordinated Note will unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right 
of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the 
laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Note, Non-Preferred Senior Note and/or Subordinated Note.  
The Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of the Notes, being events upon which the Noteholders may declare the Notes 
to be immediately due and payable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer becomes subject to 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in the Italian Consolidated Banking Act as set out in Condition 
8 (Event of Default and Enforcement). Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of an Event of 
Default, even if the Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations under the Notes, including the payment of any 
interest, the Noteholders will not have the right of acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available to 
Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of proceedings 
to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any 
such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable 
by it. 
The Notes may be subject to loss absorption or any application of the general bail-in tool 
The BRRD contemplates that the Notes may be subject to non-viability loss absorption, in addition to the 
application of the general bail-in tool.  
Risks applicable to the Senior Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
The Issuer’s obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to unsecured and unsubordinated 
preferred obligations of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be unsecured, unsubordinated and non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer and will rank junior in priority of payment to Senior Liabilities and claims 
arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR. Senior Liabilities means 
any direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness or payment obligations (or indebtedness 
or obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
of the Issuer for money borrowed or raised or guaranteed by the Issuer, as the case may be, and any 
indebtedness or mandatory payment obligations preferred by the laws of the Republic of Italy. Although Non-
Preferred Senior Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Notes which are preferred,

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
there is a real risk that an investor in Non-Preferred Senior Notes will lose all or some of his investment should 
the Issuer become insolvent. 
Qualification of Non-Preferred Senior Notes as "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello" 
The intention of the Issuer is for Non-Preferred Senior Notes to qualify on issue as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-
bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may 
be enacted for such purposes by any Competent Authority and qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet 
the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions). Current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy 
(acting as lead regulator) does not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation prior to the issuance of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes that the Non-Preferred Senior Notes will comply with such provisions. 
Although it is Issuer's expectation that the Non-Preferred Senior Notes qualify as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-
bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may 
be enacted for such purposes by any Competent Authority and qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet 
the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions) there can be no representation that this is or will remain 
the case during the life of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes could be subject to Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event 
If at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, and the form of Final Terms for the Senior Notes or the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes of such Series specify that Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event is applicable, the 
Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.14 (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) elect to redeem all, but not some only, of the Senior Notes or 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes of such Series. An MREL Disqualification Event means that, at any time, all 
or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes is or will be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements, subject to as set out in Condition 5.6 (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event). The 
applicability of the minimum requirements for eligible liabilities is subject to the application, in the EU and in 
Italy, of the new EU regulatory framework under BRRD II, SRM II Regulation, CRD V Directive and CRR II 
(the EU Banking Framework). 
If the Senior Notes or the Non-Preferred Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that 
Noteholders will be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest 
rate on the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes being redeemed. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. In addition, an MREL Disqualification 
Event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. 
See also “If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return” above. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to compliance 
by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the then applicable MREL 
Requirements, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification 
of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL Requirements.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
In addition, under the EU Banking Framework, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes which qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet MREL Requirements is subject 
to the prior approval of the Competent Authority where applicable from time to time under the applicable laws 
and regulations. The EU Banking Framework states that the Competent Authority would approve an early 
redemption of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes where any of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
on or before such early redemption or purchase of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
the Issuer replaces the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes with own funds instruments or 
eligible liabilities of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the income capacity 
of the Issuer;  
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own Funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed the requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities set out in the CRD V Directive or the BRRD II (or, in either case, any 
relevant provisions of Italian law implementing the CRD V Directive or, as appropriate, the BRRD II) 
or the CRR II by a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRR II and in the CRD V Directive for continuing 
authorisation. 
The Competent Authority shall consult with the Relevant Resolution Authority before granting that 
permission, as requested pursuant to the EU Banking Framework.  
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' consent 
If Variation is specified as being applicable in the circumstances described in (i) and/or (ii) below in the 
relevant Final Terms for any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes then (i) at any time an 
MREL Disqualification Event occurs and/or as applicable (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any 
notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as 
appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Paying Agents and the holders of the Notes of that Series (or such other 
notice periods as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), at any time vary the terms of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes or 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to 
any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, are securities issued by the 
Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined 
by the Issuer) than the terms of the relevant Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable. 
However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied notes could be different 
for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes 
prior to such variation. 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the 
general bail-in-tool  
Investors should be aware that Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to write-
down or conversion into equity capital instruments on any application of the general bail-in tool, which

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of the general bail-in tool, 
or any other power under the BRRD or any suggestion or perceived suggestion of such exercise could, 
therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of holders Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
the price or value of their investment in any such Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under such Notes. Any shares issued to holders of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital instruments may be of little value at the time of 
conversion and may also be subject to any future application of the BRRD. 
Risks applicable to Subordinated Notes 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior in 
priority of payment to Senior Liabilities.  Senior Liabilities means any direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness or payment obligations (or indebtedness or obligations which are 
subordinated but to a lesser degree than the obligations under the relevant Subordinated Notes) of the 
Issuer for money borrowed or raised or guaranteed by the Issuer, as the case may be, and any indebtedness 
or mandatory payment obligations preferred by the laws of the Republic of Italy.  Although Subordinated 
Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there is an enhanced 
risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of their investment should the Issuer become 
insolvent. 
In no event will holders of Subordinated Notes be able to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer under 
Subordinated Notes held by them; such holders will have claims only for amounts then due and payable 
on their Subordinated Notes. After the Issuer has fully paid all deferred interest on any issue of 
Subordinated Notes and if that issue of Subordinated Notes remains outstanding, future interest payments 
on that issue of Subordinated Notes will be subject to further deferral. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in-tool or at 
the point of non-viability of the Issuer or may be the subject to the burden sharing requirements of the 
EU State aid framework and the BRRD 
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to write-down permanently/convert into equity capital instruments 
such as the Subordinated Notes at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is 
taken, with losses absorbed in accordance with the priority of claims under normal insolvency 
proceedings (Non-Viability Loss Absorption). Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon 
any such conversion into equity capital instruments may also be subject to any future application of the BRRD. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied 
the resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst 
maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through 
additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public 
ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the 
burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. As an exemption from these 
principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be provided to a solvent 
institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided by 
central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; 
or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary 
recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders of 
the Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the FinecoBank Group’s entities or another institution.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
Accordingly, trading behaviour may also be affected by the threat that Non-Viability Loss Absorption 
(or the general bail-in tool) may be applied to Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of 
the EU state aid framework and the BRRD may be applied and, as a result, Subordinated Notes are not 
necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Noteholders 
should consider the risk that they may lose all of their investment, including the principal amount plus 
any accrued interest if the Non-Viability Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) is applied to the 
Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD are 
applied or that such Subordinated Notes may be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary shares 
may be of little value at the time of conversion. 
In addition, on 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the 193 Decree) 
implementing the BRRD II was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force on 1 December 
2021. The 193 Decree introduces point c-ter) under Article 91 paragraph 1-bis) of the Italian Consolidated 
Banking Act transposing Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. The amended Article 91 of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act provides for the following ranking:   
• 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify (and no part thereof is recognized) as own funds 
items (elementi di fondi propri) shall rank senior to own funds items (including any instruments 
only partly recognized as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri)) and junior to senior non-
preferred instruments (strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello);  
• 
if instruments which qualified in whole or in part as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) 
cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own fund items (elementi 
di fondi propri) but junior to senior non-preferred instruments.  
In light of the above, if Subordinated Notes of the Issuer (which qualify or qualified at any time either in 
whole or in part as own fund items) were to be disqualified entirely as own funds items in the future, their 
ranking would improve compared to Subordinated Notes which at the relevant time qualify as own funds 
items (in whole or in part) and would rank pari passu with Subordinated Notes which at the relevant time 
are not qualified in whole or in part as own funds items. In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer whose claims 
rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes, including those whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer 
fully or partially are recognized as an own funds instrument in full before it can make any payments on 
the Subordinated Notes which, at the relevant time, qualify as own funds items (in whole or in part). 
Furthermore, if the Subordinated Notes are fully disqualified as own funds items, such Notes would not 
be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-viability even though 
they would continue to be subject to bail-in, and, in the event the Issuer were to receive extraordinary 
financial support in accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD, may be subject to the 
burden sharing requirements of such legislation. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes is subject to compliance with the then applicable 
Regulatory Capital Requirements, including for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case to the extent, and 
in the manner, required by the then applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements, including Articles 
77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time), where either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer; or

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its own funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the minimum 
requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the Regulatory 
Capital Requirements by a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such 
time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue 
Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the 
CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer 
having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the 
applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated 
Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion from “Tier 2” capital at individual or 
consolidated basis (in whole or in part), provided that, in case of exclusion in part, such 
exclusion is not as a result of amortisation or any limits on the amount of “Tier 2” capital 
applicable to the Issuer and, in respect of any redemption of the relevant Subordinated Notes 
proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, both of the following 
conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently 
certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
the income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority having permitted that action 
on the basis of the determination that it would be classified from a prudential point of view 
and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be applicable from 
time to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements for the time being. 
There can be no assurance that the relevant Competent Authority will permit such redemption or 
purchase. In addition, the Issuer may elect not to exercise any option to redeem any Subordinated Notes 
early or at any time. Holders of Subordinated Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear 
the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period.  
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
The intention of the Issuer is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as "Tier 2 capital" for regulatory 
capital purposes. 
Although it is the Issuer’s expectation that the Subordinated Notes qualify on issue as "Tier 2 capital", 
there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of such Subordinated 
Notes. If there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely 
to result in their exclusion from "Tier 2 capital" and, in respect of any redemption of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, both of the 
following conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority (as defined in Condition 5.15 (Conditions to

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes)) considers such a change to be reasonably certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the 
regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the 
date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, the Issuer will (if so specified in the form of Final 
Terms) have the right to redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 5.3 (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), subject to, inter alia, the prior approval of the relevant 
Competent Authority and in accordance with the then applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements and 
laws and regulations, including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR. There can be no assurance that holders of 
such Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will 
provide the same rate of return as their investments in the relevant Notes, as the case may be. In addition, 
the occurrence of such event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. 
Also, under certain circumstances, the Issuer may, as specified in the risk factor “Subordinated Notes may 
be subject to modification without Noteholders' consent” below, at any time vary the terms of such Notes 
so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' consent 
If Variation is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in order to ensure the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of for any Series of Subordinated 
Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent 
required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Subordinated Notes of that Series), and having 
given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Paying Agents and the holders of the Notes of that 
Series (or such other notice periods as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), at any time, vary the 
terms of Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, 
as applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
varied securities. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively 
affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied notes 
could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of 
holding the notes prior to such variation. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the interest 
payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date 
(if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of 
the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest). The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the Reset Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes  
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as Index Linked 
Notes and Dual Currency Notes.  In particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected or no 
interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested by it. 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in respect of the Notes being determined by 
reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in 
currency exchange rates or other factors (each, a Relevant Factor).  In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes 
with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which 
the Notes are denominated.  Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
the effect of any multiplier or leverage factor that is applied to the Relevant Factor is that the impact 
of any changes in the Relevant Factor on the amounts of principal or interest payable will be 
magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, 
the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes.  Accordingly, each potential investor 
should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Notes linked 
to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of the 
issue price could lose all of their investment. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment.  Any failure by an 
investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of their Notes could result in such 
investor losing all of their investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other 
leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally:

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic 
consents.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give 
their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in Italian law or administrative practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on Italian law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Italian law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
No-gross up on withholding tax  
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make gross 
up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly 
adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Notes  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 15 (Governing Law and 
Submission to Jurisdiction) provides that contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian Law, pursuant to EU 
and Italian private international law provisions as applicable from time to time. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 
31 May 1995 (the Italian Private International Law) provides that “other debt securities” (titoli di credito) 
are governed by the law of the State in which the security was issued”. The Temporary Global Notes or the 
Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in classic global note or new global note form, as the case may be, 
representing the Italian Law Notes are signed by the Issuer in the United Kingdom and are, thereafter, delivered 
to Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Principal Paying Agent, being the entity in charge of, inter alia,

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Note and Permanent Global Notes and (if 
required) authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes. 
The Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and the laws applicable to their transfer and circulation for any prospective 
investors in the Notes and any disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership in 
the Notes on the basis of the above-mentioned provisions of Italian Private International Law and the relevant 
applicable European legislation.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes or Reset 
Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked 
to or referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of "benchmarks", the contribution of input data to a "benchmark" and the use of a 
"benchmark" within the EU and it, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators 
that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the 
UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a rate or index deemed to be a benchmark, including, without 
limitation, any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any Reset Notes referencing the 
relevant swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency (as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement with respect to the relevant Reset Notes), in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. The euro risk free-rate working group 
for the euro area has also published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations for fallback 
provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing 
EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in 
relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback 
trigger events and fallback rates.  
Furthermore, in order to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European Union 
approved the final text of the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as regards 
the exemption of certain third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the designation of replacements

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
for certain benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The new framework 
delegates the Commission to designate a replacement for benchmarks qualified as critical under the Regulation 
2016/2011, where the cessation or wind-down of such a benchmark might significantly disrupt the functioning 
of financial markets within the European Union. In particular, the designation of a replacement for a 
benchmark should apply to any contract and any financial instrument as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU that 
is subject to the law of a Member State. In addition, with respect to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 
2021/168 extends the transitional period for the use of third-country benchmarks until 2023 and the 
Commission may further extend this period until 2025 by a delegated act to be passed before 15 July 2023. On 
10 February 2021 the Council of the European Union adopted the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 that was 
published in the Official Journal on 12 February 2021 and entered into force on the following day.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark, (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks, and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.  
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest 
on Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the relevant 
EURIBOR rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, this may (i) if ISDA 
Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant 
EURIBOR rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if 
Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when the relevant EURIBOR was available. Any of the foregoing could have 
an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which 
reference the relevant EURIBOR. 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer 
or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) 
may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being 
used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as 
applicable) based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. If the 
Independent Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” and the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on 
the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority, then such 
amendments shall be made without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, as provided 
by Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, 
any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes 
or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should consider these matters with their own independent advisers when 
making their investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to or 
referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets.  Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  This is particularly the case should the Issuer 
be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their 
principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market 
and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding.  In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes as an equivalent 
investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, or the Notes.  The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period 
of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-
2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied.   
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with respect to 
the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus:   
(a) 
the 2021 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular: 
 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ...................................................................  
113-114 
Consolidated Income Statement .............................................................  
115 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income...............................  
116 
Statement of Changes in Consolidated Shareholders' Equity.................  
117 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ........................................................  
118-119 
Notes to the Consolidated Accounts ......................................................  
121-340 
Annexes ..................................................................................................  
343-346 
Certification ............................................................................................  
349 
Report of the External Auditors .............................................................  
351-358 
Financial Statements of FinecoBank 
Balance Sheet .........................................................................................  
 
361-362 
Income Statement ...................................................................................  
363 
Statement of Comprehensive Income .....................................................  
364 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity ......................................  
365 
Cash Flow Statement ..............................................................................  
366-367 
Notes to the Accounts ............................................................................  
369-577 
Annexes ..................................................................................................  
579-582 
Certification ............................................................................................  
585 
Report of the External Auditors .............................................................  
587-593 
The 
document 
is 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://images.finecobank.com/docs/pdf/pub/corporate/investors/bilanci-e-relazioni/Accounts-and-
reports-2021.pdf.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
(b) 
the 2020 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular: 
 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ...................................................................  
107-108 
Consolidated Income Statement .............................................................  
109 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income...............................  
110 
Statement of Changes in Consolidated Shareholders' Equity.................  
111 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement ........................................................  
112-113 
Notes to the Consolidated Accounts ......................................................  
115-316 
Annexes ..................................................................................................  
319-321 
Certification ............................................................................................  
323 
Report of the External Auditors .............................................................  
325-331 
Financial Statements of FinecoBank 
Balance Sheet .........................................................................................  
 
335-336 
Income Statement ...................................................................................  
337 
Statement of Comprehensive Income .....................................................  
338 
Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity ......................................  
339 
Cash Flow Statement ..............................................................................  
340-341 
Notes to the Accounts ............................................................................  
343-535 
Annexes ..................................................................................................  
537-539 
Certification ............................................................................................  
541 
Report of the External Auditors .............................................................  
543-549 
The 
document 
is 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://images.finecobank.com/docs/pdf/pub/corporate/investors/Reports-Accounts-2020.pdf. 
(c) 
the Unaudited Consolidated First Half Financial Report as at 30 June 2022 including the information 
set out below: 
 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
Entire Document ...................................................................................  
All

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
The 
document 
is 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://images.finecobank.com/docs/pdf/pub/corporate/investors/bilanci-e-relazioni/Consolidated-
First-Half-Financial-Report-as-at-June-30-2022.pdf. 
(d) 
the Unaudited Consolidated First Half Financial Report as at 30 June 2021 including the information 
set out below: 
 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
Entire Document ...................................................................................  
All 
The 
document 
is 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://images.finecobank.com/docs/pdf/pub/corporate/investors/bilanci-e-relazioni/Consolidated-
First-Half-Financial-Report-as-at-June-30-2021.pdf.  
(e) 
the Issuer's press release dated 8 November 2022 relating to the approval of the Consolidated Interim 
Financial Report as at 30 September 2022 – Press Release including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular: 
 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
Condensed Balance Sheet ....................................................................  
9-10 
Condensed Income Statement ..............................................................  
11-12 
Exposures in Securities Issued by Sovereign States, Supranational 
Institutions and Agencies .....................................................................  
13 
Operating Structure ..............................................................................  
14 
Basis of Preparation .............................................................................  
14-16 
Declaration of Financial Reporting Officer .........................................  
17 
The 
document 
is 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://images.fineco.it/pub/pdf/chi-
siamo/comunicati-ipo/2022-11-08-CS-Resocontointermedio3Q22_ENG.pdf.  
(f) 
the Issuer's press release dated 7 February 2023 relating to the Board of Directors’ approval for the 
results as at 31 December 2022 (the Results as at 31 December 2022 – Press Release) including the 
information set out below: 
 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
Condensed Balance Sheet .....................................................................  
10-11 
Condensed Income Statement ...............................................................  
12-13 
Declaration of the Nominated Official in charge of drawing up company 
accounts .................................................................................................  
15 
The 
document 
is 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://images.fineco.it/pub/pdf/chi-
siamo/comunicati-ipo/2023-02-07-PR_FY22_results.pdf.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
The Issuer confirms that the profit estimates contained in the Results as at 31 December 2022 – Press Release 
incorporated by reference herein have been compiled and prepared on the basis which is both comparable with 
historical financial information of the Issuer and consistent with the Issuer's accounting policies. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute 
a part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, means any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant 
for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any websites save for those listed as documents incorporated by reference above, included in the Base 
Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the Base Prospectus, except where that 
information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Other than the information 
incorporated by reference, the content of these websites has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent 
authority. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to “Form of Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable 
Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the form of Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, in either 
case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the form of 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear  and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the form of Final Terms will also 
indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification or confirmation (based on the certifications it has received in accordance with its rules and 
procedures) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein 
either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Notes of the same 
Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the form of Final 
Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification 
has already been given.  The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of 
interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
The form of Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached 
upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of 
Default (as defined in Condition 8 (Event of Default and Enforcement)) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the 
Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system  is available 
or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were 
the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the 
Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur 
not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the form of Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes, receipts 
or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.   
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the form of Final 
Terms.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme which are not Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) or more. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be "Applicable". 
2 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - In connection with Section 309B of the 
SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP 
Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.]3  
[Date] 
FINECOBANK S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [549300L7YCATGO57ZE10] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 13 February 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it 
dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation]4 (the Base Prospectus).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
[for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Base Prospectus has been published on 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as “capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products” and “Specified Investment Products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant 
Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA. 
4 All Prospectus Regulation related languages to be removed in the event Final Terms are used for an issuance outside the scope of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
FinecoBank S.p.A. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph [   ] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
(N.B. Senior Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent). In the 
case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Notes must 
have a minimum denomination of €150,000 (or 
equivalent). In the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€200,000 (or equivalent)).  
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”) 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€150,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"[€150,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€299,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€299,000].")

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€200,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 "[€200,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€399,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€399,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ]  
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year] (Unless otherwise permitted by current 
laws, regulations, directives and/or requirements 
applicable to the issue of Notes by the Issuer, Non-
Preferred Senior Notes must have a maturity of not 
less than twelve months and Subordinated Notes 
must have a minimum maturity of five years). 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [ ] [and [ ]] and every [ ] 
anniversary thereafter] 
 
[[[         ] month EURIBOR] +/- [         ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]/[17] below) 
10. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [         ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount5]/[[⚫] in case of Zero coupon Notes]] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
16 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
 
5 Redemption shall occur at at least 100% of the par value

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Regulatory Call] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes) 
 
[Investor Put] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
[Issuer Call – Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
 
[(see paragraph [20]/[21]/[22]/[23]/[24] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Non-Preferred Senior/ Subordinated] Notes 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes  obtained: 
[         ] [and [         ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount [, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon)

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [  ]] 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Maturity 
[ ] 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
(n) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
(p) 
Determination Dates: 
[ ] in each year 
(q) 
Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(r) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] / [         ] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] / [         ]  
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[         ] month EURIBOR 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[         ] 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(If not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately)  
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph (g)) 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
• 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]  
18. 
Change of Interest Basis Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 14 and 
16 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or fixed 
reset rate change occurs) 
− 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to 
which the change(s) in Interest Basis applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) and deliver such notice to 
each Agent on or prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date)  
− 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[       ]  
− 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[       ]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
5.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
20. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount][Make-whole 
Amount] 
 
[Set out appropriate variable details in this pro 
forma, for example reference obligation] 
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected 
Bond] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 
(e) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
21. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes) 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
regulatory 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in Condition 
5.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)]

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
reasons (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes only and subject to the prior 
approval of the relevant Competent 
Authority, as applicable, and in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRR) as 
contemplated by Condition 5.3 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory 
Call)) 
and/or 
the 
method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set 
out 
in 
Condition 
5.8 
(Early 
Redemption Amounts):  
22. 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in Condition 
5.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)] 
23. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the 
Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent) 
24. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
(i) Clean-up Call Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [⚫] per cent] 
(ii) Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[⚫] 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
[See also paragraph 21 (Regulatory Call)] 
(Delete this cross reference unless the Notes are 
Subordinated Notes and the Regulatory Call is 
applicable) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
[Form:] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 20056]  
 
(N.B.  The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].”.) 
 
6 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
(b) 
[New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]] 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraph 16(c) relates) 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
30. 
Variation of Notes: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] / [Applicable [only] 
[in 
relation 
to 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event][and]/[in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers)] 
(a) 
Notice Period: 
[   ] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer  confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of FinecoBank S.p.A.: 
By:  ......................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for 
the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and 
Trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
with effect from [         ].] 
 
[Application will be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to the Official 
List and Trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]:][Not Applicable] 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].   
 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation).]/[Each 
of 
[defined 
terms] 
 
is 
established in the United Kingdom and is registered  
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).]   
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there 
are other interests]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See 
[“Use 
of 
Proceeds”] 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[[         ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield.]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ]  
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code ], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ]/[Not Applicable]  
[(viii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged”

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]7 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]]8 
[MiFID II/UK MiFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - In connection with Section 309B of the 
SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP 
Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as capital markets products other 
than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.]9 
[Date] 
 
7 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable". 
8 Legend to be included on the front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should 
be specified to be “Applicable”. 
9 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as “capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products” and “Specified Investment Products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant 
Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
FINECOBANK S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [549300L7YCATGO57ZE10] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the [€2,000,000,000] 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer.]10 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 13 February 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] 
dated [⚫]] (the Base Prospectus).  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus.  Copies of the Base 
Prospectus may be obtained from www.euronext.com/en/markets/Dublin. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated 13 February 2023 [and the supplement dated 
[date]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus].11 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
FinecoBank S.p.A. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph [   ] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
10 Include relevant legend wording here for the [EEA][and][UK] if the "Prohibition of Sales" legend and related selling restriction for that regime are 
not included/not specified to be "Applicable" (because the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, or a key information document will be prepared, 
under that regime). 
11 Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a Base Prospectus with a different date.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
(N.B. Senior Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent). In the 
case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Notes must 
have a minimum denomination of €150,000 (or 
equivalent). In the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€200,000 (or equivalent)). 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ]  
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
 
(Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, 
directives 
and/or 
requirements 
applicable to the issue of Notes by the Issuer, Non-
Preferred Senior Notes must have a maturity of not 
less than twelve months and Subordinated Notes 
must have a minimum maturity of five years). 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [ ] [and [ ] and every [ ] 
anniversary thereafter] 
 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [         ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Index Linked Interest]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
 
[specify other] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[specify other] 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Regulatory Call] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes) 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
[Issuer Call – Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
 
[Investor Put] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Non-Preferred Senior/Subordinated] Notes 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[         ] [and [         ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount [, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon] 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [  ]] 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[ ] 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
(n) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
(p) 
Determination Dates: 
[ ] in each year 
(q) 
Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(r) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] / [         ] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]] [Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(e) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] / [         ]  
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] month EURIBOR 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[         ] 
(Second day on which the Target2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period)  
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(If not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
• 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[Other] 
(m) 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes 
which 
are 
Exempt 
Notes, 
if 
different from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[         ] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[         ]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
18. 
Index Linked Interest Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] / [         ] 
(c) 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Index and/or Formula is impossible 
or impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(d) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other] 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(g) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[         ] 
19. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Principal Paying Agent] [         ] 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(d) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[         ] 
20. 
Change of Interest Basis Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 14 and 
16 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or fixed 
reset rate change occurs) 
− 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to 
which the change(s) in Interest Basis applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) and deliver such notice to 
each Agent on or prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date) 
− 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[       ] 
− 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[       ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
5.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
22. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/[Make-whole 
Amount/] specify other/see Appendix]  
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected 
Bond] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 
(e) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent) 
23. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes) 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes only and subject to the prior 
approval of the relevant Competent 
Authority, as applicable, and in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations, including Articles 
77(b) and 78 of the CRR) as 
contemplated by Condition 5.3 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory 
Call)) 
and/or 
the 
method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set 
out 
in 
Condition 
5.8 
(Early 
Redemption Amounts): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in Condition 
5.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)] 
24. 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in Condition 
5.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)] 
25. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent.) 
26. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Clean-up Call Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [⚫] per cent] 
(ii) 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount: 
[⚫] 
27. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
28. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default and/or the method of calculating 
the same (if required): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
[See also paragraph 23 (Regulatory Call)] (Delete 
this 
cross-reference 
unless 
the 
Notes 
are 
Subordinated Notes and the Regulatory Call is 
applicable) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
[Form:] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 200512] 
(b) 
[New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]] 
30. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 16(c) and 18(f) relate) 
31. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
32. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details.  N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global 
Note may be required for Partly Paid issues] 
33. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
34. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
35. 
Variation of Notes: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable] / [Applicable [only] 
[in 
relation 
to 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event][and]/[in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers)] 
36. 
Notice Period:  
[   ] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
 
By:  ......................................................................  
 
 
12 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed on [specify market – note this must not be an 
EEA regulated market] with effect from [         ].] 
[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name 
of the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].  
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings 
of the Notes are different to those stated in the Base 
Prospectus)  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers named below/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] [The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests] 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
(viii) 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]]  
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged”

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(x) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt 
Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent 
with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the 
purpose of such Notes.  The form of Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, 
or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to “Form of Final Terms” 
for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation 
to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by FinecoBank S.p.A. (the Issuer) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency 
Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Agency Agreement) dated 13 February 2023 and made between the Issuer, Citibank N.A., London Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). The Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the form of Final Terms) and the Paying Agents, 
together referred to as the Agents.  
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or, if 
this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European Economic Area 
or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt Note), 
the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the 
Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the form of Final 
Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached 
to or endorsed on this Note. Any reference in the Conditions to form of Final Terms shall be deemed to 
include a reference to applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant. The expression Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes in definitive form which are repayable in 
instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference 
herein to Receiptholders shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to Couponholders 
shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of 
the Talons.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following 
their prior written request to the relevant Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a 
form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, the form of Final Terms will be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin. If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable 
via email by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer and the relevant Agent, as applicable, as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, 
the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the form of Final Terms which are applicable to them. The 
statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the form of Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the form of Final Terms, 
the form of Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
form of Final Terms, provided that (i) the minimum Specified Denomination of each Note which is 
specified in the form of Final Terms as being a Senior Note shall be Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes), (ii) the minimum Specified 
Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form of Final Terms as being a Subordinated 
Note shall be Euro 200,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes), and (iii) the minimum Specified Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form of 
Final Terms as being a Non-Preferred Senior Note shall be Euro 150,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). Notes of one Specified Denomination may not 
be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating 
Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Interest Basis shown in the form of Final Terms.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating Rate 
Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an Instalment 
Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
This Note may also be a Senior Note, a Non-Preferred Senior Note or a Subordinated Note, as 
indicated in the form of Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery in accordance 
with applicable law. The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and 
treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set 
out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer 
of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the form of Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND SUBORDINATION 
The form of Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
or Subordinated Notes and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, the applicable subordination provisions. 
2.1 
Status of the Senior Notes 
This Condition 2.1 applies only to Senior Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply to 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
The Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, ranking (subject to any obligations preferred 
by any applicable law) pari passu with all other unsecured obligations (other than obligations ranking

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
junior to the Senior Notes from time to time (including Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any further 
obligations permitted by law to rank, or expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Notes, on or following 
the Issue Date), if any) of the Issuer, present and future and pari passu and rateably without any 
preference among themselves.  
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note.  
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
2.2 
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 2.2 applies only to Non-Preferred Senior Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does 
not apply to Senior Notes).  
(a) 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes (being notes intended to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act), any related Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, and unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, 
ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, including claims arising from excluded liabilities within the meaning 
of Article 72a(2) of the CRR; 
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other present or 
future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms 
to rank junior or senior to the relevant Non-Preferred Senior Notes; and 
(iii) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the 
Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated 
Banking Act. 
(b) 
Each holder of a Non-Preferred Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right 
of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Non-Preferred Senior Note. 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
2.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 2.3 applies only to Subordinated Notes. 
(a) 
Subject as set out below, the Subordinated Notes (being notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 
capital for regulatory capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of 
Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza Prudenziale per le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular 
No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to time (the Bank of 
Italy Regulations), including any successor regulations, and Article 63 of the Regulation No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to time (the 
CRR)) and any relative Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank:

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
(i) 
after all unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer and after all creditors of 
the Issuer holding instruments that are or are expressed by their terms to be less 
subordinated than the relevant Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
at least pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other 
present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed by 
their terms to rank or which do not rank junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated 
Notes (save for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law); 
and  
(iii) 
in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to all other present and future 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed by their terms to 
rank junior to the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in their 
entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes and any 
relative Receipts and Coupons shall rank (i) subordinated and junior to unsubordinated 
unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) of the Issuer, (ii) pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer’s obligations 
in respect of any other subordinated instruments which do not qualify or have ceased to 
qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other 
present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank 
junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes (which do not qualify or have so ceased to 
qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form of Tier 2 capital) and (iii) senior to 
instruments which qualify (in whole or in part) as own fund items (elementi di fondi propri). 
(b) 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be 
treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and interest thereon 
will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series.   
(c) 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
(d) 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
3. 
INTEREST 
3.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 3.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The form of Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 3.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. 
In particular, the form of Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable 
Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination 
Date.  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. The Rate of Interest may be

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
specified in the form of Final Terms either (i) as the same Rate of Interest for all Fixed Interest Periods 
or (ii) as a different Rate of Interest in respect of one or more Fixed Interest Periods. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the form of Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the form of Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the form of Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if 
they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to 
the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of 
a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount 
is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 3.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the form of Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the form of Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent..  
3.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest:  
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if 
no such Second Reset Date is specified in the form of Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the 
rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that does 
not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 3.4 (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for 
calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). Unless otherwise 
stated in the applicable Final Terms the Rate of Interest (inclusive of the First or Subsequent Margin) 
shall not be deemed to be less than zero. 
(b) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 3.2(b) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement to a basis which matches 
the frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
First Margin means the margin specified as such in the form of Final Terms; 
First Reset Date means the date specified in the form of Final Terms; 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the form of Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date; 
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3.2(c), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin, subject to 
Condition 3.2(b); 
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified in the form of Final Terms; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in 
the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for 
the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the form of Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR and the Specified Currency is euro; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 3.2(c), 
either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the form of Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the form of Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of Notes other 
than Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, 
quarterly or monthly; 
Rate of Interest means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
Relevant Margin means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Margin or the Subsequent 
Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in respect of such Reset Period; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second 
Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Second Reset Date means the date specified in the form of Final Terms; 
Subsequent Margin means the margin specified as such in the form of Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date means the date or dates specified in the form of Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; and 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3.2(c) the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin, 
subject to Condition 3.2(b). 
(c) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall, 
subject as provided in Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), request each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Issuer with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset 
Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer (or 
an agent appointed by the Issuer) with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
(as applicable) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent to be the sum of (A) the last observable 
rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Margin. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(c) Reference Banks means the principal office in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice 
of an investment bank of international repute. 
3.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
This Condition 3.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The form of Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 3.3 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes. 
In particular, the form of Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified 
Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional Business 
Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of 
interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the the Calculation Agent, 
the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the form of Final Terms will also specify the 
applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the form of Final Terms will also specify the 
applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page.  
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the form of Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the form of Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment 
Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in 
the form of Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the form of Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3.3(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the form of Final 
Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the form of Final Terms, 
a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System or any successor or replacement for that system (the TARGET2 
System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the form of Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the form of Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the form of Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any) provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the Calculation

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any reference 
banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, 
the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion 
shall instead be made by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer). For the purposes of 
this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the “2006 ISDA Definitions”, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the form of Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the form of Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the form of Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Calculation 
Agent, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the form of Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the form of Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject to Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, as 
specified in the form of Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the form of Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide it with its offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. The Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
shall promptly notify the Calculation Agent of any such quotations received. If two or more

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) by the Reference Banks or 
any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Issuer 
(or an agent appointed by the Issuer) it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In the case of Exempt Notes, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR, 
the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Unless otherwise stated in the form of Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, for the determination of EURIBOR). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.3(b)(ii) Reference Banks means the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market as selected by the Issuer on the 
advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the form of Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the form of Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3.3: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−


--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−

(
)


(
)

(
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−

+
−


--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the form of 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the form of Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is 
no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Rate of 
Interest shall be calculated as if Linear Interpolation were not applicable.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
Subject to Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), the Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to 
be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange (or listing agent as the case may be) on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest 
Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock 
exchange (or listing agent as the case may be) on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. For the purposes of this 
Condition 3.3(f), the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3.3(g) by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and  no liability to 
the Issuer (subject to the provisions of the Agency Agreement), the Noteholders, the Receiptholders

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non 
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
3.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
This Condition 3.4 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the form of Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) or 
Condition 3.2 (Interest on Reset Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 3.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread) and whether any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments)) 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.4(a) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In 
the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (or such 
other party specified in the form of Final Terms) any Paying Agent, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 3.4. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 3.4(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or 
Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 3.4(a) 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may 
be, it shall provide notice of that fact to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders not less 
than 2 Business Days prior the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date and (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period or 
(ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest or in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest on Reset Notes, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be equal to the sum of (A) the last observable 
rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Margin. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes shall 
be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall be the Initial Rate 
of Interest (as applicable). Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, this 
Condition 3.4(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3.4(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or 
if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 3.4); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3.4). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or 
if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 3.4 and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may 
be) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to 
Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary or appropriate to comply with 
any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document 
issued by the competent regulatory authority (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 3.4(e) (Notices) and subject (to the 
extent required) to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent 
required from, or non-objection from, the Competent Authority, without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, vary these 
Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.4(d), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.4, no Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes as “Tier 2” capital at 
individual or consolidated basis and/or (i) result in the exclusion of the relevant Series of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes from the eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL Requirements or (ii) (in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) 
result in the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority treating the 
Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity date of the 
Notes, rather than the relevant maturity date. In such cases (i) the Rate of Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of 
Interest shall be equal to the Initial Rate of Interest or (iii) in the case of the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Reset Period or if the immediately preceding Reset Period is the First Reset Period, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, 
the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes shall be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of 
Interest for Reset Notes shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (as applicable). 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or 
Reset Period. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 3.4 will be notified promptly but 
in any event no later than 2 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
or Reset Determination Date by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying 
Agent and each Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 3.4(a) (Independent 
Adviser) to 3.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 3.2(c) (Fallbacks) and Condition 3.3(b)(ii) (Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred. 
(g) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.4: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); or 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner)is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
market transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate;; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in accordance with Condition 3.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) 
is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by 
a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the 
following six months; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its 
relevant underlying market, within the following six months; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, the Benchmark Event 
shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original 
Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor to 
or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Event. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the 
Issuer or the Independent Adviser and will have no liability for such actions taken at the 
direction of the Issuer or the Independent Adviser. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), if in 
the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing 
as to which course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any 
reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation 
to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
3.5 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, the interest payable 
in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3.1 or Condition 3.3 above 
each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the form of Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, and Issuer's Switch 
Option is also specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one or more 
occasions, as specified in the form of Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a Switch Option), 
having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 and delivering such notice to 
each Agent on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the 
Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the 
form of Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in 
the form of Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option 
Effective Date is specified in the form of Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch 
Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all 
the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective 
form (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where 
more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, up 
to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch 
Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch 
Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the 
Interest Basis shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified as such 
in the form of Final Terms provided that any date specified in the form of Final Terms as a Switch 
Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option 
having been notified by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 12 
prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
3.6 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes 
or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of 
Condition 3.3 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the 
references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Calculation Agent were references to Index Linked 
Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation Agent 
will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon 
as practicable after calculating the same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the interest 
payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3.1 or Condition 3.3 
above each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, and Issuer's 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Issuer may, on 
one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, at its option (any such 
option, a Switch Option), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 and 
delivering such notice to each Agent on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change 
the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement with effect from (and including) the Switch 
Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) 
the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of 
a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective form (and including) the relevant Switch 
Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, up to and excluding the next following 
Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a 
Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified as such 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement provided that any date specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the 
relevant Switch Option having been notified by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance 
with Condition 12 prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
3.7 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
4.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) and save as 
provided in Condition 4.4 should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the 
case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. 
Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender 
of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 6) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 7) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which 
on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
4.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
4.4 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 4.1 above 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment 
will be made in the manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with 
the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment 
together with the definitive Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note 
to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any 
definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. 
4.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
4.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
form of Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open. 
4.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 6.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer (i) at least at par in case of Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes 
and Zero Coupon Notes, as specified in the form of Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency 
and on the Maturity Date specified in the form of Final Terms (ii) in the case of Exempt Notes, at its 
Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
5.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 5.8, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, in the 
case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 5.14 and, in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 5.15) in whole, but not in part, at any time 
(if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the form of Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
12, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
in respect of payments of interest only), the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of (or applicable in) a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6), 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached 
to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, provided that in the case of any redemption of 
Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, under 
the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements (as defined in Condition 5.15) the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the relevant Competent Authority that such change or 
amendment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the 
issue of the first tranche of the relevant Subordinated Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
or procure that there is delivered to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office 
for inspection or collection by, or delivery via email to, the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment. 
The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or 
ascertaining as to whether any certifications and/or opinions required by this Condition 5.2 are 
provided, nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications and/or opinions 
produced nor shall it be responsible for the contents of any such certifications and/or opinions or incur 
any liability in the event the content of such certifications and/or opinions is inaccurate or incorrect.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.2, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.2. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
5.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5.8 below together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
5.3 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
This Condition 5.3 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes. 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the form of Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.15), in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the 
Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note nor a Dual Currency Interest Note) 
or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest 
Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to 
the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes that 
would be likely to result in their exclusion from “Tier 2” capital at individual or consolidated basis (in 
whole or in part), provided that, in case of exclusion in part, such exclusion is not as a result of 
amortisation or any limits on the amount of “Tier 2” capital applicable to the Issuer. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
or procure that there is delivered to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office 
for inspection or collection by, or delivery via email to, the Noteholders a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred. 
The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or 
ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this Condition 5.3 are provided, nor shall it 
be required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the 
contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications 
and/or opinions is inaccurate or incorrect. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.3, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.3. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
5.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5.8 below together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
5.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 5.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or for regulatory reasons), such option being 
referred to as an Issuer Call.  The form of Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer 
Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.4 for full information on any Issuer Call.  
In particular, the form of Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional 
Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the 
applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject to, in 
the case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Condition 5.14 and, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, the provisions of Condition 5.15), having given not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the form of Final Terms to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the form of Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the form of 
Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Notes stated in the form of Final Terms or, if a Make-whole Amount is specified in the form of 
Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer (or by an agent appointed by the Issuer to 
calculate the amount on its behalf) equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
the sum of the present values of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and the 
Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the Optional 
Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on 
the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) 366) at the 
Reference Bond Rate (as defined below), plus the specified Redemption Margin, 
plus in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
In the Conditions: 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would 
be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised financial adviser selected by 
the Issuer; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the form of Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the form of Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, (a) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the 
Issuer (or by an agent appointed by the Issuer) obtains fewer than four such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Optional 
Redemption Date; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of the five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) 
market makers in pricing corporate bond issues;

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as determined 
by the Issuer (or by an agent appointed by the Issuer), of the bid and offered prices for the Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified 
in the form of Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Issuer (or by an agent 
appointed by the Issuer) by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis of 
the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the Optional Redemption Date. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5.4 by the Issuer (or by an agent 
appointed by the Issuer to calculate the amount on its behalf), shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will, subject 
to compliance with applicable law, be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection 
being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 12 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant 
Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.4 and notice to that effect shall 
be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 at least five days prior to 
the Selection Date. 
5.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 5.5 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
This Condition 5.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put.  The form of Final Terms 
contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
5.5 for full information on any Investor Put.  In particular, the form of Final Terms will identify the 
Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 not less than the minimum period nor more than 
the maximum period of notice specified in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of 
such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption 
Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition the Put

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that 
this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 5.5 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and in which event 
such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to 
this Condition 5.5 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 
8.  
5.6 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 5.6 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
In respect of any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes where Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, then the Issuer may 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 5.14) on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), or at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the form of Final Terms to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), the 
Noteholders, redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption 
Amount as described in Condition 5.8 below (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption, if the Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event has 
occurred and is continuing. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
or procure that there is delivered to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office 
for inspection or collection by, or delivery via email to, the Noteholders a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred. 
The Principal Paying Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or 
ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this Condition 5.6 are provided, nor shall it 
be required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor shall it be responsible for the 
contents of any such certifications or incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications 
and/or opinions is inaccurate or incorrect. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.6, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.6. Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
5.6 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5.8 below together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
5.7 
Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If a clean-up option (the Clean-Up Redemption Option) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the Clean-up Call 
Percentage) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the 
avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series 
with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on 
behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may at any time, at its option, and having given to the 
Agent and the Noteholders not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days’ notice (the Clean-Up 
Redemption Notice), in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in 
part, at their clean-up redemption amount (Clean-Up Redemption Amount) together, if appropriate, 
with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption 
identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice.  
5.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5.2, Condition 5.3, Condition 5.6 above and Condition 8:  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the form of Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 
360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of 
days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 365).  
5.9 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. For the purposes of 
Condition 5.2, Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only 
on an Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount 
of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
5.10 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 5.14 in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Condition 5.15 in respect of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise (including 
for market making purposes). If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all 
Noteholders alike. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the purchaser, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.   
5.11 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes 
so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.10 above (together with 
all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal 
Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
5.12 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 or 5.5 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 8 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 5.8(b) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
5.13 
Italian Civil Code 
The Notes are not subject to Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent applicable, to 
Article 1819 of the Italian Civil Code. 
5.14 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
Any redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes in accordance with 
Conditions 5.2, 5.4, 5.6, 5.7 or 5.10 or Condition 13 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
modification or variation in accordance with Condition 13) is subject to compliance by the Issuer with 
any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL Requirements at the relevant 
time (including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification 
of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to 
meet the MREL Requirements) and, including, as relevant, the condition that the Issuer has obtained

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, 
where one of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the relevant Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments of 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that its 
own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements by a margin that the Relevant Resolution Authority, in 
agreement with the Competent Authority, considers necessary; or 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the relevant Notes with own funds instruments is necessary to 
ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time to 
time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which 
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to criteria that ensure 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-
paragraphs (a) or (b) of the preceding paragraph. No event of default for the Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes shall occur in case the Relevant Resolution Authority does not grant such 
general prior permission. 
5.15 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes 
Any redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 5.7 or 
5.10 or Condition 13 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation in 
accordance with Condition 13) is subject to compliance with the then applicable Regulatory Capital 
Requirements, including, as relevant, for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the relevant Competent Authority and such Competent Authority 
granting prior permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case 
to the extent and in the manner required by the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements, 
including Articles 77 and 78 of CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time), where either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced 
the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its own 
funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the 
minimum requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements by a margin that the Competent Authority considers 
necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) 
of the CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014:

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), the 
Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes is material and was 
not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call)), if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion from “Tier 2” 
capital at individual or consolidated basis (in whole or in part), provided that, in case 
of exclusion in part, such exclusion is not as a result of amortisation or any limits on 
the amount of “Tier 2” capital applicable to the Issuer and, in respect of any 
redemption of the relevant Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the 
Competent Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the 
Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in 
the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable 
by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced 
the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority having 
permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from 
a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements for the time being. 
The Competent Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated 
Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or 
any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent Authority from time to time) 
of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series of the Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. 
(or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent Authority from time to time) 
of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 instruments of the Issuer at the relevant 
time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with 
the conditions set out at letters (i) or (ii) of sub-paragraph (a) of the preceding paragraph. No event of 
default for the Subordinated Notes shall occur in case the Relevant Resolution Authority does not 
grant such general prior permission. 
As used in these Conditions: 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, 
as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the BRRD II); 
BRRD II means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
Competent Authority means the Bank of Italy and/or, to the extent applicable in any relevant 
situation, the European Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity to either, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer or

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
the FinecoBank Group, and/or, as the context may require, the “resolution authority” or the “competent 
authority” as defined under the BRRD and/or SRM Regulation; 
CRD IV Package means, taken together (i) the CRD IV Directive, (ii) the CRR and (iii) the Future 
Capital Instruments Regulations; 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the CRD V 
Directive); 
CRD V Directive means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the CRR II); 
CRR II means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2022, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
Future Capital Instruments Regulations means any regulatory capital rules or regulations 
introduced after the Issue Date by the Competent Authority or by the institutions of the European 
Union or which are otherwise applicable to the Issuer (on a solo or, if relevant, consolidated basis), 
which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be 
fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds of the Issuer (on a consolidated 
basis) to the extent required by (i) the CRR or (ii) the CRD IV Directive; 
Group or FinecoBank Group means the Issuer and each entity within the prudential consolidation of 
the Issuer pursuant to Section 3, Chapter 2 of Title II of Part One of CRR; 
Group Entity means the Issuer and any legal person that is part of the FinecoBank Group; 
Loss Absorption Power means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing from time 
to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements, whether relating to the resolution or 
independent of any resolution action, of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities 
incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and applicable in the relevant Member State to the 
Issuer or other Group Entities, including (but not limited to) any such laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within the context of any European Union 
directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of a 
relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit 
institution, investment firm and/or any Group Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into 
shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person;  
MREL Disqualification Event means that at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is or will be excluded 
fully or partially from eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements, provided that: (a)

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
the exclusion of a Series of Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes being 
less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; (b) 
the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there 
being insufficient headroom for such Senior Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise 
applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities does not constitute an MREL Disqualification 
Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
from MREL Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
as a result of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not constitute an 
MREL Disqualification Event; 
MREL Requirements means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the FinecoBank Group, from time to time, 
(including any applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the 
European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies 
relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity 
instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy, a relevant Competent Authority, a Relevant Resolution 
Authority or the European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the FinecoBank Group), 
as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or 
interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
Regulatory Capital Requirements means any requirements contained in the regulations, rules, 
guidelines and policies of the Competent Authority, or of the European Parliament and Council then 
in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
FinecoBank Group from time to time (including, any applicable transitional provisions), including, 
but not limited to, as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, the rules contained in, or 
implementing, the CRD IV Package and the BRRD, delegated or implementing acts adopted by the 
European Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority, in each case as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board 
(SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or 
participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Loss Absorption Power from time to time; 
Resolution Power means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from 
time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of the Issuer, 
including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements implementing the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation;  
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of 
15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to 
time (including by the SRM II Regulation); and 
SRM II Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institution capacity of credit institutions and investment firms.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of the Notes, the Coupons and the 
Receipts by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of withholding or deduction for or 
on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction (subject to the exceptions listed 
below) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts in respect of principal, in case of Senior Notes only not qualifying in any part at 
such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements (if permitted by the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements), and interest, in case of all Notes, as shall be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the Noteholders, the Couponholders or the Receiptholders after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the amounts of principal (if applicable) or interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in 
the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that: 
(a) 
no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon for 
or on account of: 
(i) 
imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 or any related implementing 
regulations (as any of the same may be amended or supplemented); 
(ii) 
withholding tax (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Italian Law 
Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 or any related implementing 
regulations (as any of the same may be amended or supplemented); and 
(iii) 
imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 461 of 31 November 1997 or any related 
implementing regulations (as any of the same may be amended or 
supplemented), and 
(b) 
no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, 
Receipt or Coupon by reason of his/her/its having some connection with the 
Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by, or on behalf of, a holder who is entitled to avoid 
such withholding or deduction in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by 
making a declaration or any other statement to the relevant tax authority, 
including, but not limited to, a declaration of residence or non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day (assuming 
such day to have been a Payment Day as defined in Condition 4.6; or 
(iv) 
presented for payment in the Republic of Italy; or 
(v) 
presented for payment in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal 
entity or a non-Italian resident individual, to the extent that interest is paid to 
a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident or established in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with the Italian authorities; or

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
(vi) 
presented for payment (in respect of payments by the Issuer) in all 
circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Legislative Decree No. 239 
of 1 April 1996, as amended, have not been met or complied with, except 
where such requirements and procedures have not been met or complied with 
due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(vii) 
where the holder who would have been able to lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying, or procuring that any 
third party complies, with any statutory requirements; or 
(viii) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder or any official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest (as the case may be) which may be payable under this Condition 6.  
As used in these Conditions: 
Relevant Date in respect of any Note, Coupon or Receipt means the date on which payment in respect 
of it first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount 
of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices); and 
Tax Jurisdiction means (i) the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax and (ii) any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer becomes subject in respect of 
payments made by it in respect of interest on the Notes, Coupons and Receipts. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest 
are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 4.2. 
8. 
EVENT OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
With respect to any Senior Note, Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated Note, in the event of 
compulsory winding-up (Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer pursuant to Article 80 of 
the Italian Consolidated Banking Act (the Event of Default), then any holder of a Senior Note, Non-
Preferred Senior Note or Subordinated Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, 
declare any Senior Note, Non-Preferred Senior Note or Subordinated Note held by the holder to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the non-payment by the Issuer of any amount due and payable under these Notes, 
or the taking of any crisis prevention measure or crisis management measure in relation to the Issuer 
in accordance with the BRRD, is not an event of default.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
The rights of the Noteholders, the Couponholders and the Receiptholders in the event of compulsory 
winding up (Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer pursuant to Article 80 of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act will be calculated on the basis of the principal amount of the Notes, plus 
any accrued but unpaid interest up to, but excluding the date the Notes become immediately due and 
payable, and any additional amounts due pursuant to Condition 6 (Taxation). No payments will be 
made to the Noteholders, the Couponholders or the Receiptholders before all amounts due, but unpaid, 
to all other creditors of the Issuer ranking ahead of the Noteholders, the Couponholders and the 
Receiptholders as described in Condition 2 (Status of the Notes and Subordination) have been paid by 
the Issuer, as ascertained by the liquidator. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as provided by this Condition 8 shall be available to the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders or the Receiptholders whether for the recovery of amounts owing 
under or in respect of the Notes, the Coupons or the Receipts or in respect of any breach by the Issuer 
of any of its obligations in relation to the Notes, the Coupons or the Receipts or otherwise. 
No Event of Default for the Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency proceeding 
(including, without limitation, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) in respect of the Issuer (and, for 
the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in 
respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default for the Notes for any purpose). 
9. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
10. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the form of Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent;  
(b) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than Italy; and  
(c) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority). 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 4.5. Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 12. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
11. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 7. 
12. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if (a) published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on and listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin, published on Euronext 
Dublin’s website, www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. It is expected that such publication will be 
made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published 
in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including 
publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those 
rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any 
holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
13. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement and the provisions for the meetings of Noteholders (including by way of 
conference call or by use of videoconference platform) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Receipts, 
the Coupons, these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting 
may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by 
Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons, these Conditions or the Agency Agreement (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount 
of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, or altering the currency of payment 
of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or amending in certain respects), the quorum shall be one 
or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and 
on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid 
and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and 
held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
The Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, 
any of the provisions of the Notes or the Agency Agreement that is in the sole opinion of the 
Issuer not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error 
including without limitation where required in order to comply with mandatory provisions of 
law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 3.4 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) shall not require the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, subject (to the extent required) to the Issuer giving any notice required to be given to, 
and receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the Competent Authority. Any such 
modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
In addition, with respect to (i) any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at any 
time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, and if Variation is specified as being applicable in the 
form of Final Terms, or (ii) all Notes, if Variation is specified as being applicable in the form of Final 
Terms, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving consent required from the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the 
relevant Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Paying Agents and the holders of the Notes of that Series (or such other notice periods as may be 
specified in the Form of Final Terms), at any time vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, 
as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes or 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to 
any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities.  
In these Conditions:

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such 
securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the FinecoBank 
Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under 
the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (D) have the 
same redemption rights as the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights 
under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event 
the Notes carry a rating immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the 
same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Non-Preferred Senior Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
Qualifying Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Notes 
(as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Senior Notes and they shall also 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the FinecoBank Group’s (as applicable) minimum 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements; (B) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Notes; (C) have at least 
the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying 
to the Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (E) preserve 
any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation; 
and (F) in the event the Notes carry a rating immediately prior to such variation, are assigned 
(or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Notes 
immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such variation. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Subordinated 
Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Subordinated Notes and 
they shall also (A) comply with the then-current requirements of the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements in relation to Tier 2 capital, (B) have a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes 
to any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event the Notes 
carry a rating immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the same or 
higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior 
to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation. 
Provision for the Meetings of Noteholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, these 
Conditions. References in these Conditions to the Provisions for the meetings of Noteholders include 
such provisions as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions contained therein and 
any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
For avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation pursuant to this Condition 13 is subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5.14 (in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) and 
Condition 5.15 (in respect of Subordinated Notes). 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the 
same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
15. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
15.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of the above are 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law.  
15.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection 
with the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to 
their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of 
their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly 
each of the Issuer and any Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Milan. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 15.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the courts of Milan on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
15.3 
Other documents  
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Milan. 
16. 
STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the exercise 
of any Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result in the write-down

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes and/or the 
conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes into ordinary 
shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the 
terms of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Loss 
Absorption Power. Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, 
and will be varied if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Loss Absorption Power by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise of the date from which the Loss Absorption Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the 
Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice 
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Loss Absorption Power nor the effects on the 
Notes described in this Condition. 
The exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Notes shall not constitute an Event of Default and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall continue 
to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with respect to, 
the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to reflect the reduction of 
the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant Resolution Authority 
may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to 
the application of any Loss Absorption Power to the Notes.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes and 
to improve the regulatory capital structure of the Issuer and the FinecoBank Group. If, in respect of an issue, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the form of Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement relating to the relevant Tranche of Notes.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
OVERVIEW 
FinecoBank is the parent company of the FinecoBank Group and is a multi-channel direct bank, providing 
banking, brokerage and investing services. It offers from a single account banking, credit, trading and 
investment services (a “one-stop” solution) through transactional and advisory platforms developed with 
proprietary technologies. FinecoBank offers an integrated business model combining direct banking and 
financial advice and distributes its products and services through multiple channels, including via one of the 
largest networks of personal financial advisors in Italy, its website and through custom-developed mobile 
applications.  
FinecoBank was incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) under the laws of the Republic of 
Italy and, pursuant to its articles of association, the duration of FinecoBank is set at 31 December 2100 and 
may be extended or terminated earlier by resolution of the shareholders’ meeting. FinecoBank is registered 
with the Companies’ Register of Milan-Monza-Brianza-Lodi (with company number 01392970404) with 
registered office in Piazza Durante 11, Milan 20131, Italy. The Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is: 
549300L7YCATGO57ZE10. It is listed on the Milan Stock Market and has been on the benchmark stock 
market index for Borsa Italiana (the FTSE-Mib), which consists of the 40 most-traded stock classes on the 
exchange, since 1 April 2016. On 20 March 2017, FinecoBank’s stock became part of the STOXX Europe 600 
Index.  
Since 2017, FinecoBank is also present in the UK with an offer focused on brokerage and banking services. 
The telephone number for FinecoBank is +39 02 2887 21 and its website is www.fineco.it. 
In December 2021, the excellent result obtained in the Vigeo Eiris ESG13 rating update, equal to 54 points out 
of 100 (robust performance), allowed FinecoBank to be included in Euronext's MIB ESG Index. In 2022, 
Standard Ethics confirmed its “EE+” rating, a very high investment grade rating given to sustainable 
companies with low reputational risk and strong long-term growth prospects. Sustainalytics14 has further 
improved its ESG risk rating on FinecoBank to 13.2 “Low risk”, while S&P's corporate sustainability 
assessment saw an increase in the score from 65 to 68 points out of 100. In addition, MSCI Inc. improved the 
ESG rating assigned to Fineco, from "A" (average) to "AA" (leader within the “diversified financials" sector). 
As of November 2022, FinecoBank is also included in the FTSE4Good sustainability indices, Bloomberg 
Gender Equality Index (GEI) 2022, Standard Ethics Italian Banks Index©, Standard Ethics Italian Index, S&P 
Global 1200 ESG index. 
FinecoBank's offering is split into three integrated areas of activity: (i) banking, including current account and 
deposit services, payment services, and issuing debit, credit and prepaid cards, mortgages and personal loans; 
(ii) brokerage, providing order execution services on behalf of customers, with direct access to major global 
equity markets and the ability to trade contracts for difference (CFDs) (on currencies, indices, shares, bonds 
and commodities), futures, options, bonds, ETFs and certificates; (iii) investing, including the asset 
management activity carried out by the subsidiary Fineco AM, thanks to the vertically integrated business 
model, placement and distribution services of more than 6,000 products, including mutual funds and SICAV 
sub-funds managed by 75 leading Italian and international investment firms, insurance and pension products, 
as well as investment advisory services through a network of 2,887 personal financial advisors as of 30 June 
2022. FinecoBank provides asset management activities via its subsidiary Fineco AM, which has been fully 
operational since 2 July 2018.  
As of 11 May 2019, FinecoBank is registered as the “Parent Company” of the “FinecoBank Banking Group” 
in the Register of Banking Groups (together with the subsidiary Fineco AM), exercising management and 
coordination activity over the group in accordance with the current legislation.  
 
13 Now “Moody’s ESG Solutions”. 
14 A Morningstar company.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
On 9 February 2021, FinecoBank’s Board of Directors approved a binding offer of approximately €1.25 
million to acquire a 20% stake in Vorvel Sim S.p.A. (previously Hi-MTF Sim S.p.A.) (Vorvel Sim). 
Underlying the transaction was the desire to increase FinecoBank Group’s capacity to extract value from the 
business through vertical integration by way of leveraging the volumes produced by the FinecoBank Group's 
customers and developing, together with the current shareholders of Vorvel Sim, a flexible and modern model. 
The transaction also aimed to offering customers increasingly efficient and transparent instruments in line with 
FinecoBank’s business model. The acquisition was completed in July 2021.  
KEY FINANCIAL FIGURES  
As at 30 June 2022, FinecoBank generated operating income of €464.0 million (up 15.0% compared to €403.5 
million as at 30 June 2021) and net profits of €222.4 million (showing an increase of 2.6% compared to €216.7 
million for the first half year of 2021). 
As at 30 June 2022, total financial assets (TFAs) (direct and indirect) from customers amounted to €102,804 
million, in reduction of 4.7% on €107,915 million at the end of 2021, of which €50,789 million related to asset 
under management (AUM) (-8.4% y/y at the end of 2021).  
As at 30 June 2022, FAM retail TFAs amount to €14.6 billion, compared to €15.1 billion as at 31 December 
2021, €13.2 billion as at 30 June 2021 and €10.5 billion as at 31 December 2020.  
As at 30 June 2022, private banking TFAs amount to €43,304 million, compared to €48,761 million as at 31 
December 2021, €44,763 million as at 30 June 2021 and €38,614 million as at 31 December 2020. 
Net sales at during the first half of 2022 came to €5,636 million, substantially in line with the €5,787 million 
in the first half of 2021: net sales of AUM came to €1,702 million, assets under custody came to €2,911 million 
and direct deposits came to €1,023 million. As at 30 June 2022, net sales of Guided Products & Services came 
to €1,625 million (-56.4% y/y).  
As at 30 June 2022, AUM on a daily basis came to €52.9 billion, compared to €50.7 billion as at 31 December 
2021 and €40.7 billion as at 31 December 2020. 
As at 30 June 2022, net sales through the network of personal financial advisors (PFAs) totalled €4,935 
million, in reduction of 11.0% compared to 30 June 2021. TFAs (direct and indirect) of the PFA network as at 
30 June 2022 amounted to €90,078 million (-4.8% on €94,631 million at the end of 2021).  
As at 30 June 2022, the TFAs related to private banking clients, i.e. with assets above €500,000, totalled 
€43,304 million. 
Credit quality remains high, with a cost of risk at 2bps, driven by the principle of offering credit exclusively 
to existing customers, making use of specialist tools to analyse the bank’s vast information base. The cost of 
risk is structurally contained and fell further thanks also to the effect of new loans, which are mainly secured 
and low-risk. The ratio between impaired loans and total loans to ordinary customers was 0.07% as at 30 June 
2022 (0.08% as at 31 December 2021).  
As at 30 June 2022, deposits from customers amounted to €30,524.0 million, up 3.4% compared to 31 
December 2021, due to the growth in direct deposits. The total number of customers as at 30 June 2022 was 
1,454,645, up 1.9% compared to 31 December 2021.  
The cost/income ratio went from 31.3% as at 30 June 2021 to 29.3% as at 30 June 2022, confirming the 
operating efficiency of the FinecoBank Group and the spread of the company culture of controlling costs.  
As at 30 June 2022, the Issuer confirmed its solid capital position with a consolidated CET1 capital ratio of 
19.14% (18.80% as at 31 December 2021). The total consolidated capital ratio as at 30 June 2022 was 29.45% 
(29.63% at as at 31 December 2021).

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
KEY COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS 
FinecoBank’s key competitive strengths are: 
• 
its “one-stop solution” business model, which offers an integrated range of banking, brokerage and 
investing services from a single current account and through an integrated network of financial 
advisors, online and mobile channels. 
• 
the quality, innovative design and ease of use of its proprietary operating platforms have been a key 
element of its product offering since it first entered the market for online financial services. These 
platforms, which include applications for banking transactions and securities trading, have been 
developed and are maintained by a skilled team of internal programmers and personnel that is 
responsible for FinecoBank’s technological infrastructure. Developing and managing this 
infrastructure in-house allows FinecoBank to tap into industry-specific knowledge to respond quickly 
to customer demands and market trends with innovative products and technological solutions at a 
limited cost. Recent examples of FinecoBank’s ability to provide new and innovative products include 
its SCT Instant service (SEPA Instant Credit Transfer), which has been launched so as to allow cash 
transfers between accounts in the SEPA Area within 10 seconds. 
• 
the breadth and quality of its investing services. FinecoBank uses a guided open architecture business 
model to offer customers an extremely wide range of asset management products - comprising 
collective asset management products, such as units of UCITS and SICAV shares - from carefully 
selected Italian and international investment firms, pension and insurance products as well as 
investment advisory services. With regard to pension products, customers increasingly focused on the 
open-end pension fund of Amundi SGR S.p.A. (Amundi) for long-term investments exclusively 
available to the FinecoBank network (the Core Pension). As regards consulting services, in 2018 was 
“Plus”, the exclusive service dedicated to the FinecoBank network was launched. In particular, “Plus” 
consists in a consulting contract through which the consultant can offer its customers highly diversified 
and freely customizable portfolios. The main feature offered by "Plus" is the global consulting service 
offered that spans asset management (funds and SICAVs) as well as asset administration products and 
ETPs (ETFs, ETCs, ETNs) and insurance investment products. 
• 
its extensive network of financial advisors is fully integrated into its business model and widely 
disseminated across Italy in the “Fineco Centers”. As at 30 June 2022, the network consisted of 2,887 
personal financial advisors distributed in Italy with 423 “Fineco Centers”. This network focuses on 
increasing FinecoBank’s total financial assets by bringing in clients who will use not just the bank’s 
investment advisory services, but also its banking and brokerage services. FinecoBank supports the 
growth and development of its financial advisor network by providing them with specially-tailored 
operating platforms that help them understand the financial needs of clients, raising the quality of the 
services provided and assisting in the steady, organic growth of FinecoBank’s total financial assets 
and the number of clients associated with a financial advisor. There is also continued investment in 
the commercial structures used by personal financial advisors, which contribute to raising the image 
and giving increasingly more coverage to the presence of FinecoBank in the Italian territory.  
• 
a demonstrated capacity for attracting clients and building client loyalty. A high degree of client 
satisfaction (96% in May 2022) (Source: Kantar TNS Infratest), industry-specific knowledge, 
experience in designing user-friendly operating platforms, and effective marketing strategies that 
focus on consistent management of the Fineco brand and promotional activities (including by the 
financial advisors network), all contribute to FinecoBank’s ability to attract new clients (particularly 
those in the “private” and “affluent” segments) while building loyalty among existing clients. 
• 
its integrated business model and breadth of investment products, which allows it to meet different 
clients’ needs in various market cycles, contributing to the bank’s ability to maintain consistent levels 
of total financial assets and a diverse revenue stream. Providing FinecoBank clients with a “one-stop

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
solution” for their financial needs also encourages clients to deposit funds with FinecoBank for their 
day-to-day banking needs (which increases FinecoBank’s “transactional” liquidity associated with 
these deposits), resulting in more stable deposit levels. In addition, the fact that FinecoBank does not 
charge performance fees for its investing services helps insulate it from market fluctuations, provides 
greater visibility on its results and minimises potential conflicts of interests. Furthermore, to address 
its exposure to liquidity risk, FinecoBank invests the portion of liquidity that according to its internal 
analyses is less stable in liquid assets or assets readily convertible into cash that can be used as a source 
of short-term financing with the central bank. 
• 
a strong ability to adapt the scale of its operations, based on an effective organisational structure and 
internal processes, as well as highly scalable information technology systems. This enables 
FinecoBank to expand its activities without incurring significant increases in its operating costs. 
• 
a highly scalable operating platform with a diversified revenues mix leading to consistent results across 
a variety of market conditions demonstrated by adjusted net profit (net of systemic charges) CAGR of 
approximately 12.5%, as at 30 June 2022. 
• 
a continuous enlargement of the client base of active investors (i.e. clients performing less than 20 
trades per month, with an average of 4 trades per month).  
THE STRATEGY 
FinecoBank’s overall strategy is aimed at consolidating and strengthening its position in the Italian market for 
integrated banking, brokerage, and investing services. It seeks to implement this strategy by leveraging its key 
strengths and executing specific strategies, including: 
Development, expansion and training of the financial advisors network 
FinecoBank aims to continue to expand its financial advisor network through recruitment of both experienced, 
high profile financial advisors—who can bring large portfolios and high-net worth clients to its network—as 
well as young professionals (including “millennials”) with the potential for growth and who will help 
FinecoBank address generational turnover. FinecoBank invests in its financial advisors by providing training 
programs that teach them the necessary skills for providing advanced advisory and wealth management 
services and by focusing on building loyalty among current financial advisors and encouraging the recruitment 
of new candidates. FinecoBank also intends to continue focusing on organic growth of its financial advisors 
network, both in terms of its client’s total financial assets and the number of clients. 
Continuous improvement of its integrated offering 
FinecoBank intends to continue to develop its offering of banking, brokerage, and investing services in an 
integrated manner that promotes its “one-stop solution” business model, with the goal of increasing its client 
loyalty and encouraging its clients to use FinecoBank for their day-to-day banking needs.  
Leverage its operating platform and internal know-how 
FinecoBank believes it is well-positioned to manage the development and growth of its business effectively 
by leveraging its innovative skills, highly scalable information technology infrastructure, extensive internal 
know-how in producing advanced and effective front-end applications and efficient back-end systems, and by 
building upon the efficiency of its organisational and operating structure. 
The aforementioned initiatives are expected to be complemented by further investments in advertising and 
marketing, with the purpose of reinforcing perceptions of FinecoBank’s brand, which is marketed as being 
characterised by: simplicity, transparency and innovation. FinecoBank believes that these actions are 
consistent with anticipated market trends, which are expected to be marked by an increasingly digitalised 
society and an increased demand for financial advisory services. FinecoBank believes that these trends favour

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
its strategic market position as a direct, multi-channel bank, and they should allow it to successfully implement 
its strategy. 
Capital efficiency and focus on the investing value chain 
FinecoBank has introduced a wide range of initiatives to move progressively towards a more capital efficient 
business model while at the same time further improving its revenues mix, becoming more focused on the 
financial needs of its clients. In this respect, in 2021 FinecoBank introduced two strategic discontinuities: the 
first is aimed at keeping under control the growth of the balance sheet (and therefore its Leverage Ratio 
Exposure); the second is taking more control of the investing value chain through Fineco AM, in order to 
further accelerate investing revenues and margins and progressively improve the FinecoBank’s revenues mix.  
Marketing Strategy 
As of 30 June 2022, FinecoBank had 1,454,645 clients (compared to 1,428,170 clients as of 31 December 
2021). 
FinecoBank’s “one-stop solution” of integrated banking, brokerage, and investing services targets a broad 
range of retail clients, which the Issuer categorises as: 
• 
“investors,” namely clients that are attracted by the breadth of investment solutions FinecoBank offers 
and the advisory services provided by financial advisors; 
• 
“traders,” namely clients that are attracted by FinecoBank’s efficient, functional, innovative, and 
complete brokerage operating platforms; and 
• 
“bankers,” namely clients that are attracted by FinecoBank’s easy-to-use and efficient banking 
operating platforms and more generally by the mix of traditional and innovative services offered. 
FinecoBank analyses its clients and potential clients in terms of their financial assets, generally targeting retail 
clients (as opposed to corporate clients) and, within the retail market, particularly targeting “affluent” clients, 
who the Issuer characterises as having between €50,000 and €500,000 in total financial assets and “private” 
clients, who have more than €500,000 in total financial assets. These “affluent” and “private” clients are 
generally characterised by higher net worth and savings rate, thus are best-suited to fulfilling the Issuer’s 
business objectives and taking advantage of the various services offered. 
In terms of communication and market positioning, FinecoBank’s strategy is based on three qualities that 
clients associate with the “Fineco” brand and its business: simplicity, transparency, and innovation. The 
Issuer’s advertising slogan (“The bank that simplifies banking”) is consistent with its mission: conceiving and 
implementing the best solutions to satisfy client needs. The Issuer’s positioning and advertising message also 
aims to overcome the perception of FinecoBank as being simply an “online bank” and reaches a broader public 
that is not necessarily familiar with direct channels. 
FinecoBank carries out brand and product campaigns using media (primarily TV, radio, and online), as well 
as running promotions (for the opening of new accounts or increasing asset gathering), events, and meetings 
at a local level in collaboration with the financial advisors network (targeted at both current and potential 
clients). The Issuer also offers online and in-classroom courses (in order to acquire new clients and to 
encourage the activity of current clients), uses social networks (FinecoBank is the most followed bank in Italy 
on Twitter and has the highest level of fan interactions on Facebook), and participates in national events 
dedicated to issues relating to investments and online trading. 
In the first half of 2022, global inflation along with rising interest rates has been one of the main topics analysed 
by media. The Issuer has been a protagonist of these insights on several occasions, through interviews with 
FinecoBank’s key figures. In this respect, FinecoBank’s management of interest rate risk is focused on

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
stabilisation. The banking book interest rate risk measure covers the dual aspect of the value and the net interest 
income/expense of FinecoBank. The two perspectives include the economic value perspective where variation 
in interest rates can affect the economic value of assets and liabilities, and the income perspective where the 
focus of analysis is the impact of changes of interest rates on accrual or reported net interest income that is the 
difference between revenues generated by interest sensitive assets and the cost related to interest sensitive 
liabilities. FinecoBank measures and monitors interest rate risk daily, within the methodological framework 
and corresponding limits or thresholds relating to the sensitivity of the net interest margin and the economic 
value. 
As regards the FinecoBank’s reputation management program, the Issuer remains stable in the first half of 
2022 by gaining about 1 point in terms of reputation compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. The Reputation 
Institute15 runs monthly measurement of corporate reputation through a representative sample of Italian 
population in a challenging context, due to recent events and changes in the macroeconomic scenarios. Finally, 
FinecoBank’s customer satisfaction reached 96% in May 2022 (Source: Kantar TNS Infratest). 
FinecoBank’s marketing and communication activities in the UK focused on investors behaviour analyses in 
UK market as well, getting closer to brokerage channel with a long-term approach, rather than short-term 
In the same period, all advertising campaigns in the trading segment were enhanced to continue to support 
positioning in this business segment and to attract new customers. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT 
The Issuer started its operations on 4 March 1982 as a limited liability company under the name GI-FIN S.r.l., 
engaging in the business of securities trading both for its own account and for third parties. The Issuer was re-
incorporated as a joint stock company on 12 October 1982 under the name GI-FIN S.p.A.. 
During its first years of operation, the Issuer’s banking business mainly focused on granting personal loans to 
retail clients. In 1996, the Issuer became part of the BIPOP Banca Popolare di Brescia banking group and in 
August 1999 it changed its name to FIN-ECO BANCA ICQ S.P.A., or, in abbreviated form, BANCA FIN-
ECO S.P.A., and began expanding the range of banking products it offered. 
Following the merger of Cassa di Risparmio di Reggio Emilia S.p.A.—CARIRE into Banco Popolare di 
Brescia S.c.r.l., the Issuer became part of the BIPOP-CARIRE banking group, and in 2001 it acquired FIN-
ECO ON LINE SIM S.p.A., which was engaged in an online trading business, laying the foundation for the 
development of a complete and integrated offer of banking and investing services. As a result of this 
transaction, the Issuer was able to provide the first interest-bearing savings account in Italy that was coupled 
with banking and investing services through the online channel. In the following years—in addition to 
expanding its range of banking, brokerage, and investment products—the Issuer started to provide financial 
advisory services through its own network of financial advisors as well as through a network of mortgage 
brokers. This created a unique business model in the Italian market and led to a significant increase in clients. 
In 2002, the Issuer merged into the Capitalia Group as a result of the merger of BIPOP-CARIRE and Banca 
di Roma. Following the establishment of the Capitalia Group, the Issuer reorganised its business and structure, 
particularly its brokerage business and network of financial advisors, with the aim of integrating the business 
units of the two banking groups that existed prior to the merger. 
On 24 June 2004, the Issuer changed its name to FinecoBank Banca Fineco S.p.A., or, in abbreviated form, 
FinecoBank S.p.A., Banca Fineco S.p.A. or Fineco Banca S.p.A. 
 
15 The Reputation Institute is the world's leading reputation consultancy and advisory firm. It enables many of the world's 
leading companies to make more confident business decisions that build and protect reputation capital, analyse risk and 
sustainability arguments, and drive competitive advantage.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
By 2006, the Issuer was the leading Italian broker in terms of number of trades, with a market share of 7.44% 
(Source: Assosim) The volume of trades that the Issuer executed grew steadily as a result of the increased 
volume of trades that it carried out on behalf of the Capitalia Group as well as the growth in volumes from 
new clients. 
On 20 September 2007, Capitalia S.p.A. merged into UniCredit and the Issuer became a member of the 
UniCredit Group. After the merger, UniCredit engaged in a reorganization process that assigned the Issuer 
responsibility within the UniCredit Group for increasing liquidity and access to capital through increasing 
customer deposits (referred to as “asset gathering”) and the online trading business, thereby replacing 
UniCredit Xelion Banca S.p.A., which had been the UniCredit Group’s multi-channel bank, providing banking 
and financial services through financial advisors. 
Additionally, this reorganisation process provided for the removal of the Issuer’s business units relating to 
loans, credit cards and personal loans that are secured by the borrower’s paycheck and the relocation of those 
product areas in the relevant companies of the UniCredit Group that were focused on these areas. This 
reorganisation also entailed the Issuer’s acquisition of UniCredit Xelion Banca S.p.A. and its subsidiary XAA 
Agenzia Assicurativa S.p.A., to eliminate any overlap between the businesses and further consolidate the 
Issuer’s leading position in the Italian asset gathering and online trading markets. The merger with UniCredit 
Xelion Banca S.p.A. also generated an increase in revenues due to the significant growth in the Issuer’s total 
financial assets and the expansion of its distribution channels, particularly its network of financial advisors. 
On 15 April 2014, FinecoBank approved the proposal for admission to listing of its ordinary shares on the 
MTA (Mercato Telematico Azionario) of the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). The listing and 
consequent expansion of the shareholders’ base have enabled the Issuer to strengthen the visibility of its 
business model, thereby improving its standing in the market, thanks also to national and international 
institutional investors becoming shareholders of FinecoBank. Since 1 April 2016, FinecoBank has been 
included in the FTSE-Mib, and since March 2017, its shares are included in the STOXXEurope 600 Index. 
Since 2017, FinecoBank is also present in the United Kingdom pursuant to the freedom to provide services in 
the EU, with an offer focused on brokerage and banking services. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
FinecoBank has one wholly-owned subsidiary, Fineco AM, which is an Irish investment firm that was set up 
in the last quarter of 2017. Fineco AM was incorporated with the aim to offer its customers a range of internally 
and externally managed UCITS funds, with a strategy focused on the definition of strategic asset allocation 
and selection of the best international managers, and therefore, to diversify and improve the offer of asset 
management products and to further increase the competitiveness of FinecoBank through a vertically 
integrated business model. During the first half of 2018, Fineco AM carried out the passporting process of the 
UCITS management company from Ireland to Luxembourg with the aim to become the manager of the “Fonds 
Commun de Placement (FCP) CORE SERIES Umbrella Fund”, managed by Amundi S.A.. The passporting 
process was successfully concluded on 2 July 2018. On 1 August 2018, Fineco AM received approval from 
the Central Bank of Ireland for its multi manager UCITS umbrella fund, “FAM Series UCITS ICAV” and on 
11 December 2018, for an additional UCITS umbrella fund of funds range, “FAM Evolution”. In 2018 Fineco 
AM obtained the passport for the UCITS management company from Ireland to Luxembourg in order to 
become the manager of the “Fonds Commun de Placement (FCP) CORE SERIES Umbrella Fund”, managed 
by Amundi S.A. On 1 August 2018, Fineco AM obtained the approval of its UCITS umbrella fund multi 
manager “FAM Series UCITS ICAV” from the Central Bank of Ireland and on 11 December 2018, of a further 
UCITS umbrella fund, “FAM Evolution”. As at 31 December 2021, Fineco AM managed €24.8 billion of 
assets, of which €15.1 billion were retail class and around €9.7 billion institutional class.  
On 10 May 2019, FinecoBank ceased to be a member of the UniCredit Group, following the sale by UniCredit 
of approximately 103.5 million ordinary shares in FinecoBank (equal to approximately 17% of the Issuer’s 
issued share capital). As a result of this transaction, UniCredit continued to hold a minority shareholding in 
the Issuer (equal to approximately 18% of the Issuer’s issued share capital). However, on 8 July 2019, 
UniCredit announced that it had sold its entire stake of 18.321 per cent. of the share capital of FinecoBank. 
The completion of such sale occurred on 11 July 2019.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
FinecoBank is an Italian, multi-channel direct bank which provides its retail clients with a “one-stop solution” 
of integrated banking, brokerage and investing services. FinecoBank distributes its products and services 
through multiple channels, including its network of personal financial advisors, its website and through 
custom-developed mobile applications, which are supported by FinecoBank’s customer contact center and the 
branches and ATM network of the UniCredit Group. FinecoBank offers its banking, brokerage and investing 
services by leveraging its integrated distribution structure and the complementary nature of these services, a 
distinguishing trait that it believes helps build client loyalty, as clients may rely on it both to carry out their 
ordinary banking operations and to perform investing activities.  
FinecoBank's offering is split into three integrated areas of activity: (i) banking, including current account and 
deposit services, payment services, and issuing debit, credit and prepaid cards, mortgages and personal loans; 
(ii) brokerage, providing order execution services on behalf of customers, with direct access to major global 
equity markets and the ability to trade CFDs (on currencies, indices, shares, bonds and commodities), futures, 
options, bonds, ETFs and certificates; (iii) investing, including the asset management activity carried out by 
the subsidiary Fineco AM, thanks to the vertically integrated business model, placement and distribution 
services of more than 6,000 products, including mutual funds and SICAV sub-funds managed by 75 leading 
Italian and international investment firms, insurance and pension products, as well as investment advisory 
services through a network of 2,887 personal financial advisors as of 30 June 2022. FinecoBank provides asset 
management activities via its subsidiary Fineco AM, which has been fully operational since 2 July 2018. 
Banking Services 
FinecoBank offers its clients a broad range of banking services, including account services (i.e. demand or 
term deposits), payment services and credit facilities. The Issuer’s clients may access the bank’s services by 
opening an account with FinecoBank, either through a financial advisor, online or through the Issuer’s contact 
center. The account is also instrumental to accessing brokerage and investing services. 
The Issuer provides its clients with banking services: (i) through its online website; (ii) through mobile 
applications it develops; (iii) by telephone through its contact center; and (iv) for certain services, at UniCredit 
branches and ATMs, on the basis of existing agreements with UniCredit, extended for 20 years at market 
conditions agreed from time to time, following FinecoBank’s exit from the UniCredit Group from 10 May 
2019. 
A key element of the Issuer’s product range, including with respect to its banking services, is the ease of use 
of its platforms and the functionality and efficiency of the design interface. The Issuer continually strives to 
ensure ease of use and access to its services, by developing functional and intuitive browsing interfaces, even 
for its most complex processes and services. 
Banking and Payment cards  
With regard to “Banking and Payment” cards, FinecoBank is committed to offering its customers new services 
or improving existing services, with a strong focus on digitisation and innovation. In the first half of 2022, the 
Banking area implemented improvements to existing products and services, and continued to optimize 
digitalisation processes and to expand its offering of products and services.  In this context the main 
improvements on the products and services available in 2022 includes: 
• 
the migration of banking transfers, MAV and RAV, F24, postal slips, CBILL and Riba, to a new 
technical infrastructure that improved customers performance and usability; 
• 
the addition of an option to register the real payer on all payments over €5,000, if different from the 
person that executes the payment;

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
• 
the digitisation of “payment service transfer” request to shift utilities, recurring transfers and liquidity 
from another current account to FinecoBank account; 
• 
the digitisation of closing account request, starting from April 2022, with customer’s digital signature; 
• 
the introduction of the virtual version of the debit (Visa Debit) and reloadable (Visa and Mastercard) 
cards, which can be applied after current account opening at the moment; 
• 
the raising of contactless limits to €50 for payment transactions made in Italy; 
• 
the alignment of rate conditions applicable to the “revolving option” (annual nominal interest rate) of 
classic credit cards with those of “Extra” card; 
• 
the introduction of a process that enable the “Extra” card holders to increase the instalments (from a 
choice of two predefined amounts); 
• 
for UK customers only, the improvement of the onboarding process from the app with the introduction 
of a new identification method through a video selfie. The functionality, considered as strengthened 
customer verification for AML (Anti-Money Laundering) purposes, allows customers to request the 
opening of a FinecoBank current account directly from their smartphone and in full autonomy. The 
onboarding process through the app has also been strengthened through the integration of further 
automations that reinforce the process of verifying the genuineness of the identification document 
presented by the customer.  
Following the COVID-19 health emergency, new processes were also put in place to enable financial advisors 
to continue acquiring clients remotely. In particular, an internal process was developed within the Bank 
allowing financial advisors to have their clients open a current account in complete autonomy, directly from 
the public area of FinecoBank website, proceeding with the simultaneous assignment.  
The number of current accounts opened with FinecoBank has increased, the effect of which was mainly 
recorded in the balance of direct deposits, which rose from €29,495.3 million as at 31 December 2021 to 
€30,518.4 million as at 30 June 2022. 
The number of current accounts, new accounts and active current accounts (i.e. accounts that have done at 
least one operation among Listed or OTC services) with FinecoBank in the United Kingdom has increased 
consistently since 1 January 2018. 
Mortgages, credit facilities and personal loans  
With respect to lending services, in the first half of 2022 FinecoBank continued to optimise its current loan 
portfolio. In particular: 
• 
the maximum amount applicable for the instant approval personal loan product has been increased up 
to €20,000 when the minimum requirements are met; 
• 
safeguards on mortgages loans have been improved to ensure the “coolig-off period” aimed at ensuring 
the customer’s protection and products transparency; 
• 
FinecoBank introduced the first credit product designed for legal persons (i.e. the “Pledge Overdraft” 
product). 
Furthermore, the credit lines guaranteed by securities granted in the first half of 2022 totalled €669 million 
(€663 million related to “Credit Lombard” product, €5.1 million related to credit facilities secured by pledged

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
and €0.9 million related to credit facilities with mandate for sale), equal to 98.5% of total amount of credit 
lines granted. 
Brokerage Services 
FinecoBank provides its brokerage services mainly through direct channels (online and mobile) on the basis 
of three proprietary operating platforms that it has developed internally, in addition to making these services 
available by phone through its customer contact center. These platforms allow different types of clients to 
access its brokerage services quickly and conveniently, and these platforms are characterised by easy-to-use 
interfaces and an innovative design. FinecoBank’s platforms consist of: 
• 
Web Platform: this base platform that is offered to all clients can be customised on the basis of the 
client’s profile and offers a wide range of tools for trading on markets, such as real-time reporting, 
complete with professional diagrams and accessory services; 
• 
Mobile Application: a platform accessible via mobile devices (including both smartphones and 
tablets) is offered to all clients, updated in real-time; and 
• 
PowerDesk: a professional platform is offered upon payment - this platform is automatically updated 
in real-time, displays advanced diagrams, and contains professional analysis and research, as well as 
sophisticated tools for trading. 
As of 30 June 2022, FinecoBank had approximately 228,000 active clients of its brokerage services. As of 30 
June 2022 FinecoBank’s brokerage platform had access to 26 global markets, bonds, ETFs, futures and 21 
currencies, both online and mobile. 
The Issuer’s brokerage operations are fully integrated with its bank account services and information 
technology infrastructure, and do not require clients to open a separate account or activate access to these 
services, which the Issuer believes facilitates cross-selling of its services. 
In addition to the aforementioned factors, the Issuer believes there are several aspects of its brokerage 
operations that distinguish it from its competitors. Due to FinecoBank’s significant trading volumes and broad 
client base, it is able to act as a systematic internaliser on stocks, bonds, and foreign exchange markets, acting 
as a direct counterparty for its clients’ orders (or by trading on its own behalf) without transmitting the orders 
through third parties. This enables the Issuer to maximize margins on the execution of orders for its clients, 
reducing the cost of execution on regulated markets, and permits the Issuer to develop specific, internal insight 
into market modelling and execution systems.  
FinecoBank also provides its clients an on-demand margin setting service, within predetermined limits. This 
service enables clients to undertake leveraged purchase and sale transactions of securities (both long and short), 
thereby committing an amount equal only to a percentage of the market value of the securities traded. This 
amount represents the transaction’s collateral security margin. The transaction is unwound automatically when 
a pre-set percentage of the collateral security margin is lost, and this allows clients to manage their exposure 
to trading and to avoid incurring losses that are higher than the amount withheld. When clients use the margin 
setting service, in addition to paying fees, FinecoBank receives the payment of interest on the amount of the 
open position (i.e. on the balance between the value of the securities and the collateral security margin). 
FinecoBank has developed a leading position over time in the Italian brokerage market. As at 30 June 2022, it 
was the leading Italian brokerage bank in the Italian Association of Financial Intermediaries and Financial 
Markets (Assosim) ranking of brokered volumes on the Italian Stock Exchange, with a market share of 25.7% 
of brokered volumes (Source: Assosim). For the year 2022, the average client breakdown by number of 
executed orders on registered securities and other products was as follows: i) 84% of clients executed 1 order 
per month, ii) 12% of clients executed 20 orders per month and iii) 4% of clients executed 100 orders per 
month.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
In connection with its brokerage services, FinecoBank also offers securities deposit and administration services 
for its clients, in addition to receiving and transmitting orders. As of 30 June 2022, FinecoBank was the leading 
operator for trading on behalf of third parties on the Mini-Futures index (39.94% market share) (Source: 
Assosim). 
FinecoBank provides its clients access to trading in securities on major Italian and international markets, in 
addition to occasionally matching orders and crossing trades internally between clients. Its brokerage services 
provide clients access to a wide range of trading products that include, among others, stocks, bonds, ETFs, 
futures, options, CFDs (on currencies, indices, stocks, bonds, and commodities), and structured products (i.e., 
certificates). 
For equity and debt markets, FinecoBank provides its clients the ability to trade domestically in Italy on the 
MTA, EuroTlx, EuroMot, and Vorvel, and on major European markets, including those in Germany, the 
United Kingdom, France, Spain, Switzerland and the Netherlands. In the United States it provides its clients 
access to the NYSE, NASDAQ and AMEX. FinecoBank also offers the ability to trade in derivatives on the 
Italian Derivatives Market (IDEM), European Derivatives Exchange (EUREX) and Chicago Mercantile 
Exchange (CME). FinecoBank is a direct member in almost all the markets on which its clients trade in 
securities (except for the markets in Finland, Switzerland, Spain and the United States, where it provides a 
service of receiving and transmitting orders). This enables FinecoBank to improve the level of service provided 
in terms of trading speed and quality of information flow on its platforms. 
FinecoBank charges its clients fees for the brokerage services it provides, based on the type of market and 
securities involved for each order, and these fees decrease based on increases in the number of transactions 
performed by the client. It also charges specific monthly fees for the use of the Power Desk platform.  
In the first half of the 2022, the expansion of the range of products and services offered by FinecoBank was 
characterised in particular by: 
• 
the extension of the trading hours for CFDs with underlying indices and commodities of the CME and 
the trading hours of the “Knock Out” with underlying currency crosses until 10:50 p.m.; 
• 
the expansion of the offer in Over-The-Counter derivative financial instruments (CFDs and “Knock 
Out”) with underlying futures on cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin and Ethereum; 
• 
the extension of the “Vorvel Certificates” segment of the Vorvel market (from 08:10 a.m. to 09:55 
p.m.) for the negotiation of “Fineco Turbo Certificates”.  
Investing Services 
As part of the Issuer’s shift in its investment platform from an open architecture model to a guided open 
architecture model, beginning in 2010, FinecoBank offers customers an extremely wide range of asset 
management products - comprising collective asset management products, such as units of UCITS and SICAV 
shares - from carefully selected Italian and international investment firms, pension and insurance products as 
well as investment advisory services. The guided products that FinecoBank offers currently consist of multi-
segment funds of funds that allow its clients to diversify their risk exposure by spreading that risk across a 
number of issuers and products rather than investing in a single issuer or security. The Issuer’s clients have 
expressed a growing interest in these types of products, based on their better risk/return ratio, and they are also 
more profitable for FinecoBank as compared to the other products offered to investors. 
The asset management products that FinecoBank offers generally provide for the payment by the investor of 
commissions consisting of: (i) upfront fees; (ii) management fees; and (iii) performance fees. These 
commissions are paid by the investor to the investment firm, and FinecoBank typically receives a payment 
from the investment firm of a part of the upfront fees (if any) and the management fees. FinecoBank reviews

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
the fee structure applied by the investment firms on an ongoing basis, particularly regarding the performance 
fees, in order to verify compliance with international standards of fairness. 
The placement agreements usually provide that the upfront fees paid by the clients are fully paid by the 
investment firms to FinecoBank, and also set forth the share of the management fees that the investment firms 
will pay FinecoBank. FinecoBank does not earn any performance fees. 
Insurance Products 
The Issuer currently distributes life, insurance-based investment products and retirement insurance policies on 
the basis of placement agreements with CNP Vita Assicurazione S.p.A., Eurovita S.p.A. and Lombard 
International Assurance S.A..  
Unit-linked insurance policies (or branch III product category) are of particular strategic importance for 
FinecoBank business, as they enable its clients to invest in asset management products while providing certain 
tax and other advantages over a direct investment. 
Specifically, “Core Unit” and “Advice Unit” products allow FinecoBank’s clients to obtain both the typical 
advantage of insurance products (namely, estate planning and tax efficiency) and the typical benefits of guided 
products (including the opportunity to invest in multiple asset management products at the same time). 
Furthermore, “Core Multiramo” products (or multi-branch policies) have also become very popular and largely 
distributed, combining the return opportunities offered by unit-linked policies with the capital protection 
provided by separate accounts. 
FinecoBank also distributes the following life and retirement insurance products: 
• 
Whole life insurance policies (CNP “Top Valor” series and Eurovita “Focus Gestione” series) offering 
capital protection with a valuation that is intended to never be negative, due to the high concentration 
of investments in government securities. 
• 
Individual pension plan policies (Core Pension) enabling clients to build a supplementary retirement 
pension through flexible, customised accumulation plans. 
• 
Term life insurance policies (CNP Top Defense and Eurovita High Protection) that are aimed at 
ensuring financial support to beneficiaries in case of specific life events impacting the policy holder. 
Retirement Products 
FinecoBank makes open-ended pension funds and individual retirement plans available to its clients through 
placement agreements with Amundi, Arca SGR S.p.A., Anima SGR S.p.A. and CNP Assicurazioni S.p.A.. 
FinecoBank’s range of retirement products is characterised by diversification both in terms of investment firms 
and in terms of categories of products distributed (multi-segment lines, capital protection lines, minimum 
guaranteed yield lines, etc.). 
The funds offered are relevant for clients interested in setting up an individual or collective supplementary 
pension plan. These products entitle the subscriber to receive, upon reaching retirement age, the payment of 
an annuity that is in certain cases coupled with a clause that permits for survivorship benefits. 
Fee based investment advisory services 
FinecoBank offers its clients investment advisory services through its financial advisors, based on customised 
recommendations on specific financial products and investment strategies, with the objective of ensuring that 
its clients’ investments reflect their risk profile and yield targets, while enhancing portfolio diversification. 
FinecoBank offers traditional advisory services and two advisory services. The first service, called Advice,

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
was launched in 2010 as part of the guided open architecture model, this is a guided service that: (i) minimizes 
the potential conflict of interest of the financial advisor through a compensation structure that provides for a 
transparent payment for advisory services, regardless of the fees earned by FinecoBank and the financial 
advisor for the placement of products in the client’s portfolio; and (ii) supports the financial advisor’s activities 
by supplying internally developed technical tools and investment models that reflect different risk/return 
profiles. 
More specifically, as part of this enhanced advisory service, the financial advisors determine the most 
appropriate asset allocation for the client on the basis of his or her risk/return profile, by using models that 
allow the advisor to: 
(i) 
carry out a review of the client’s portfolio, including both assets invested with FinecoBank and assets 
invested with other credit institutions, with a detailed mapping of the client’s asset allocation, the risk/ 
return profile of the portfolio, the cost of each security in this portfolio, and the portfolio’s overall 
performance; and 
(ii) 
monitor the portfolio, and provide financial advice on an ongoing basis concerning asset allocation, 
the securities in the portfolio (with a view to high quality products in terms of, among other things, 
rating and liquidity), and the consistency of these securities with the risk/return profile of the client. 
FinecoBank charges its clients a monthly fee (a portion of which is paid to the financial advisor) for these 
enhanced advisory services, which are determined in consultation with the financial advisor on the basis of the 
risk/return profile and timeline of the investments that are made, independent of the fees earned by the 
investment firms for the products in the client’s portfolio. The fees for this enhanced advisory service are 
generally more profitable for FinecoBank with respect to the mere placement of securities in FinecoBank’s 
clients’ portfolios, in consideration of the higher value added of this service. 
As of 30 June 2022, the Issuer offered nine multi-asset risk/return profiles, in the context of its enhanced 
advisory services, which draw from the products in its investment platform (investment funds, SICAV open-
ended funds, ETFs, government treasuries, corporate, and supranational securities).  
Since 2018 FinecoBank offers a second advisory service called Plus, dedicated to the FinecoBank network: a 
consulting contract through which the consultant can offer its customers highly diversified and freely 
customisable portfolios. 
The main differences between Plus and Advice are: pricing model, portfolio monitoring in Advice, wider range 
of eligible assets and new look through reporting dedicated to Plus. 
The pricing model of Plus is “fee on top”, so on average is lower than Advice but it is added to the management 
fees of the AUM.  
It is worth noting the entry into the platform of Fineco AM’s funds. Starting from September 2018, Fineco 
AM launched the new range of funds under delegation, using partnerships with the best international managers. 
Fineco AM’s structure will take full advantage of the opportunities offered by FinecoBank’s open architecture 
and it is expected it will allow FinecoBank to more closely cater to its customers' needs, to more efficiently 
select products and achieve greater profits through its vertically integrated business model.  See “Asset 
Management Activities – Fineco AM” below.  
With regard to pension products, at the end of June 2022, customers increasingly focused on the Core Pension, 
an open-end pension fund of Amundi for long-term investments exclusively accessible directly online or 
through web collaboration PFA. With respect to insurance advisory services, in the first half of 2022 the range 
of products was extended through (i) the addition of two tariffs with bonuses to “Multiramo Private” product, 
completing the range of products with a line dedicated exclusively to the high net worth individual (i.e. private

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
customers with total financial assets of over €1,000,000) and (ii) the launch of the new “Multiramo Flex” with 
recurring premiums including a “private” version.  
Despite the complex market situation, characterised by the return of volatility, FinecoBank’s network of 
personal financial advisors has confirmed its ability to act as a privileged interlocutor in the financial planning 
of customers. The total net sales recorded as at 30 June 2022 amounted to €5,636 million, substantially in line 
with the record result of € 5,787 million recorded in the first half of 2021, even if with a different composition. 
As at 30 June 2022, the net sales of assets under management amounted to € 1,702 million. As at 30 June 2022, 
the sales from advisory services amounted to €443 million and 32,161 were the current accounts opened 
through the network of personal financial advisors. 
With regard to the private segment, as at 30 June 2022 the overall assets amounted to approximately €43.3 
billion, referring to about 44,000 clients.  
Asset Management Activities – Fineco AM 
FinecoBank’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Fineco AM, is a UCITS management company incorporated on 26 
October 2017 in the Republic of Ireland with the aim to offer its customers a range of UCITS, with a strategy 
focused on the definition of strategic asset allocation and selection of the best international managers, and 
therefore, diversify and improve the offer of asset management products and further increase the 
competitiveness of FinecoBank through a vertically integrated business model.  
As at 30 June 2022, the volumes of net assets under management managed by Fineco AM amounted to €24.5 
billion, of which €14.6 billion were retail class and €9.9 billion institutional class.  
DISTRIBUTION NETWORK 
FinecoBank operates through a multi-channel structure, relying on a network of financial advisors as well as 
“direct” online and mobile channels. FinecoBank also relies on the support of the network of bank branches 
and ATMs of the UniCredit Group and its customer contact center, which allows clients to contact FinecoBank 
by phone, email and through instant-messaging services. FinecoBank acquires new clients primarily through 
its financial advisors who promote FinecoBank and the services offered at a local level—whether through 
personal contacts, word-of-mouth advertising, client events and marketing initiatives that are organised 
locally—while also relying on FinecoBank’s marketing and communications campaigns.  
Financial Advisors 
FinecoBank’s network of personal financial advisors, or PFAs, operate throughout Italy and provide 
investment advisory services to clients, whilst promoting the investment products that FinecoBank distributes. 
In advising clients, FinecoBank’s financial advisors are aided by the fact that many clients use FinecoBank as 
a “one-stop solution” for their financial needs, allowing the financial advisors to easily understand the full 
financial profile of clients and their investment needs. 
In terms of size and managed assets, FinecoBank's personal financial advisors network is the third largest in 
Italy. It is one of FinecoBank's key business channels, both in terms of acquiring new customers and of 
managing and retaining existing ones. To support the financial advisors in their work, FinecoBank adopts a 
cyborg-advisory model: thanks to an advisory platform extremely advanced from a technological point of view 
and extremely modern in terms of advisory solution offered, financial advisors can manage, also through 
remote connection, a bigger number of clients, always providing a timely assistance and constant innovation 
in terms of new proposals and rebalancing accordingly with the evolution of the market scenario and customer 
needs.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
Moreover, starting from FinecoBank’s open architecture, one of the most complete on the market, the 
investment solutions (so called Guided Products and Services) allow personal financial advisors to work 
with no conflicts of interest, providing the best answers to customers.  
FinecoBank internally developed X-Net, a cyborg advisory platform for its personal financial advisors. The 
personal financial advisor is at the heart of a system characterised by advanced digital services which simplify 
its job and strengthen the relationship with the customer. The X-Net platform represents one of the pillars of 
FinecoBank’s advisory model as it leverages on a cyborg advisory concept which, differently from a pure 
robo-advisory approach, maintains the importance of a financial advisor but with the essential support of 
technology. Moreover, customers can easily, quickly and safely manage the investment proposals through the 
web and mobile collaboration service, available from mobile and PC, even more simplifying the interactions 
between personal financial advisors and clients. The personal financial advisors therefore benefit from a faster 
and paperless activity and customers benefit from a more flexible service. This service is fully integrated into 
X-Net. 
The following table sets forth the growth of total financial assets of FinecoBank clients that were managed by 
financial advisors as of 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021, as well as the net sales realised through the network 
of financial advisors for the six months ended on 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022. This break down allows to 
identify the contribution to the net sales from: (i) the recruitment of financial advisors, (ii) the organic growth 
of FinecoBank’s network of financial advisors, and (iii) market effect. The table also shows the growth of the 
size of FinecoBank’s network of financial advisors for the period under review, as well as the average amount 
of total financial assets managed by each financial advisor. 
 
 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
 
(in thousands of Euros, except number of PFAs) 
TFA Associated with PFA network 
 
90,077,691 
88,791,995 
Total Net Sales 
 
4,935,318 
5,545,294 
Number of PFAs 
 
2,887 
2,731 
As of 30 June 2022, FinecoBank’s network consisted of 2,887 financial advisors, who were coordinated by 
180 group managers and 26 area managers (who are also financial advisors). The area managers report directly 
to the Financial Advisors Network Central Office. The Financial Advisors Network Central Office is supported 
by local coordinators, who are FinecoBank employees engaged in overseeing and supporting its commercial 
activities across Italy. 
Without any commercial campaigns and despite the market effect, the average portfolio of the network 
remained substantially unchanged compared to the same period last year (€31.2 million as of 30 June 2022 
compared to €32.5 million as of 30 June 2021), reflecting the healthy collection activities carried out in the 
past and the solid trust relationship established with customers.  
FinecoBank’s financial advisors are not its employees, but rather enter into agency agreements with 
FinecoBank that engages them in the promotion and placement of the products FinecoBank offers across Italy. 
These contracts require that the financial advisors promote and place FinecoBank’s products exclusively.  
Fineco Centers 
FinecoBank’s financial advisors primarily work from the bank’s Fineco Centers, which are physical offices 
throughout Italy. As of 30 June 2022, the Issuer had 423 Fineco Centers. Fineco Centers, which originally 
started as a simple workspace for the financial advisors, quickly evolved into multi-functional spaces that are 
a key point of client contact, complete with multimedia information displays, LCD digital video walls and

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
dedicated areas for courses and events. Fineco Centers are located in the central areas in all of Italy’s principal 
cities, and many of these serve as “flagship stores” that play an important role in FinecoBank’s marketing 
campaign. FinecoBank’s marketing strategy is focused on reinforcing the idea that it is a truly multi-channel 
direct bank, while also encouraging interaction with its financial advisors. The following table sets forth the 
number of Fineco Centers and personal financial advisors in each region throughout Italy as of 30 June 2022. 
 
REGION 
NO. FINECO 
CENTERS 
NO. PERSONAL 
FINANCIAL 
ADVISORS 
Lombardy 
73 
602 
Piemonte 
40 
285 
Veneto 
38 
202 
Sicily 
36 
196 
Lazio 
33 
336 
Tuscany 
30 
206 
Emilia Romagna 
28 
187 
Campania 
27 
271 
Puglia 
19 
104 
Liguria 
16 
116 
Marche 
13 
102 
Abruzzo 
10 
59 
Friuli Venezia Giulia 
10 
55 
Trentino Alto Adige 
10 
26 
Calabria 
7 
32 
Umbria 
6 
51 
Basilicata 
4 
16 
Sardinia 
4 
29 
Molise  
2 
6 
Aosta Valley 
0 
6 
Total 
423 
2,887

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
Online Channel 
The online channel is one of FinecoBank’s main distribution channels. It consists of FinecoBank’s website 
(finecobank.com), which has a public section, accessible to current and potential clients without any login, and 
a restricted area, accessible only by clients through a dedicated login. 
FinecoBank’s website and the operating platforms accessible through its website are developed in-house and 
the Issuer believes they are a highly distinctive aspect of its offering, characterised by a high level of 
functionality, ease of use, and an innovative design interface. The Issuer dedicates continuous efforts to 
improving and optimising its website, information technology systems and underlying software applications 
in order to provide easier and more intuitive navigation, greater clarity of information and greater operating 
efficiency.  
The online channel is used by all of the Issuer’s clients, whether or not they are linked to a personal financial 
advisor. Clients use the website for information purposes (to consult and monitor their account balances, 
investments and the performance of the financial markets) and as a system for directly carrying out transactions 
for their accounts (payment and other accessory services), and investment transactions on the Issuer’s 
platforms. 
The online channel also plays an important role in supporting financial advisors through the web collaboration 
service, which enables a financial advisor to send an advisory proposal in real-time to a client through the 
restricted area of the website. The client is then able to quickly evaluate the proposal and decide in real-time 
whether to accept it. The web collaboration service embodies the Issuer’s business vision, in which the online 
channel is not conceived of as independent from or competing with the network of financial advisors, but an 
integrated part of their services simplifying client interactions and supporting their advisory function while 
reducing costs (by minimising paperwork and reducing reliance on back office support). 
Mobile Channel 
As a result of the market success of smartphones and tablets and the applications, or “apps,” developed for 
these devices, the mobile channel has increasingly gained relevance over the years, thanks in part to 
FinecoBank’s internal development of apps for its banking and brokerage services that are specific to different 
devices and operating systems.  
Additional Service Support 
FinecoBank’s distribution network also relies on a customer contact center and the UniCredit network of bank 
branches and ATMs for providing its clients with integrated and complementary support for their ordinary 
information and transaction needs. Since 2008, FinecoBank clients have been able to carry out ordinary 
banking transactions (such as cashing or depositing checks, cash withdrawals, sending wire transfers, and 
making tax or bill payments) at the approximately 2,042 branches and 2,042 “advanced” ATMs of the 
UniCredit Group (which offer a broader array of services than basic withdrawal-deposit ATMs), on the same 
financial terms that are available to them through online banking. FinecoBank clients can withdraw up to 
€3,000 daily from UniCredit Group ATMs for a maximum of 6,000 per month.  
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
FinecoBank’s current organisational model is based on a functional model, which favours economies of scale 
and facilitates the development of vertical skills and knowledge within each area. The model guarantees the 
necessary decision-making mechanisms, whilst maintaining the "horizontal link" between the various 
functions. Although the current arrangement applies the concept of “functional specialisation”, a project-based 
approach is maintained for every phase of definition and release of products and services.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
The horizontal links are guaranteed by the work of specific committees that monitor business lines and the 
progress of the most important projects, also to guarantee the necessary synergies of distribution channels.  
The organisational model envisages the identification of corporate control functions, as follows: i) compliance 
with laws and regulations; ii) risk management; iii) internal audit and iv) further direction, support and/or 
control functions, including the Chief Financial Officer, Legal Affairs, Chief People Officer, Corporate 
Identity and the control function in respect of the network of financial advisors. 
Furthermore, the organisational model identifies three further functional lines, which govern: 
• 
the sales network (Network PFA & Private Banking Department), to monitor, manage and develop 
the network of financial advisors; 
• 
the business (Global Business Department), to monitor the development of products and services 
offered to customers; 
• 
the operational functioning (Global Banking Services Department), for the coordination of the 
organisational structures in charge of overseeing the organisational and operational processes, 
information systems and logistics, necessary to guarantee the effective and efficient operation of the 
business systems. 
The synergies between the distribution channels and the monitoring of decision-making processes that cut 
across the departments are ensured by a Management Committee.  
The following organisational structures report to the Chief Executive Officer and General Manager: the PFA 
Network & Private Banking Department, the Global Business Department, the Chief Financial Officer’s 
Department, the Chief Risk Officer’s Department, the Chief Lending Officer Department, the Network 
Controls, the Monitoring and Services Department, the Legal & Corporate Affairs Department, the Global 
Banking Services Department, the Chief Financial Officer Department, the Compliance Unit, the Regulatory 
Affairs Team and the Identity & Communications Team. 
The Internal Audit Function reports directly to the Board of Directors, which has a strategic supervisory 
function.  
The Board of Directors resolved, effective from 1 January 2022, to reorganise the Compliance Department in 
order to qualitatively and quantitatively strengthen the regulatory compliance function, better organising the 
department by identifying vertical controls in specific areas (for example, in the areas of banking transparency 
and customer protection). Similarly, it was decided to rename the “Human Resources Department” in the 
“Chief People Officer Department”, as well as the renaming of direct reporting structures, to be more consistent 
with the current context and to highlight the central role of people.  
GROUP MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
FinecoBank, as the parent company, is responsible for maximising the long-term value of the FinecoBank 
Group as a whole, guaranteeing the unitary governance, direction and strategic control of the Group. 
FinecoBank has defined rules for the governance of the FinecoBank Group, in order to fully exercise its role 
in managing and coordinating the FinecoBank Group16, and has outlined the FinecoBank Group's managerial 
and functional management system and set out the key processes between FinecoBank, as parent company, 
and its subsidiaries. 
 
16 In accordance with Article 61 of Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the Italian Banking Law) and the 
supervisory instructions issued by the Bank of Italy.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
FinecoBank ensures the coordination of the FinecoBank Group’s activities with a management system based 
on the concept of "competence lines", through the strong functional link between the structure of FinecoBank, 
as parent company, and the related organisational structures of the subsidiaries.  
The "competence lines" are represented by the organisational structures (functions) operating between 
FinecoBank and its subsidiaries which have the objective of directing, coordinating and controlling the 
activities and risks of the FinecoBank Group as a whole and, through the organisational structures (functions) 
present locally, of the individual FinecoBank Group companies. The "competence lines" operate in the 
following areas: Investor Relations, Finance and Treasury, Planning and Control, Accounting & Regulatory 
reporting, Planning and Tax Affairs and Advisory (Chief Financial Officer), Risk Management (within the 
Chief Risk Officer area), Credit (within the Chief Lending Officer), Legal/Corporate, Compliance, Internal 
Audit, Chief People Officer Department, Identity & Communication, Organisation/Business Continuity & 
Crisis Management, Information & Communication Technology, Security, Purchasing (Global Banking 
Services). 
With the aim of achieving a strong functional and managerial connection at group level, within the constraints 
set by applicable local laws and regulations, the managers of the "competence lines" have a direct role and, in 
compliance with the responsibilities of the corporate bodies of the FinecoBank Group, specific powers of 
direction, support and control with reference to the corresponding functions of the FinecoBank Group 
companies (always in coordination with the top management of the respective companies), for the purpose of: 
• 
defining budget objectives, policies, guidelines and models of competence, in agreement and after 
consultation with the heads of the business functions and top management of the FinecoBank Group 
companies; 
• 
monitoring the implementation of policies and models of competence, through the examination of 
specific reports transmitted by the relevant departments of the FinecoBank Group companies; 
• 
issuing non-binding opinions on the definition of the internal organisational structure of the relevant 
departments of the FinecoBank Group companies; and 
• 
formulating recommendations and proposals for the appointment and career path and for the 
implementation of performance evaluation and short-term incentive systems of line managers, in 
agreement and after consultation with the top management of the FinecoBank Group companies and 
with FinecoBank’s HR Manager. The recommendations and proposals must be addressed to the 
competent body of the FinecoBank Group companies and submitted for approval. If the line manager 
is the company’s top manager, the recommendations are directly delegated to the assessment of 
FinecoBank’s CEO, after gauging the opinion of the relevant heads of the "competence lines".  
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
FinecoBank’s information technology allows its distribution network to be completely integrated with both its 
internal operating structure (including the administrative, financial, accounting, and regulatory functions) and 
the applications that its clients use to access services dedicated to them. FinecoBank provides its services using 
one single technical platform, logically made up by several components, namely core banking, brokerage, 
market data, omnichannel interfaces (web, mobile, CRM, voice etc). 
Integration between components, data and services is achieved by using an internal integration layer adopting 
a “service oriented” API paradigm. External components (cloud based applications, InfoProviders feeds, 
partners applications) are directly integrated using a backend reverse API gateway or direct integration, 
according to third party capabilities. 
Frontend interfaces provide services to final customers. This is done for every product lines and services.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
The current architecture is structured on several logical layers, segregated in terms of networks and delivery 
systems: 
• 
frontend layer for web, mobile and phone banking applications; 
• 
backend layer for the delivery of core applications such as banking, trading, general accounting, 
management and supervisory reporting; 
• 
data layer where all data, structured and unstructured, are stored and managed; 
• 
technical integration layer that allows the three previous layers to interact and integrate with the third-
parties (info-providers, stock markets, payments network hubs, settlement counterparties, partners, 
etc.). 
Main goals of FinecoBank architecture are aimed at having "horizontal" scalability, providing services that are 
delivered in a distributed manner and keeping in-house the development and management of value-added 
applications that represent a competitive edge for FinecoBank. 
FinecoBank IT systems are designed and managed to deliver highly reliable and performing services, whilst 
keeping a high level of efficiency in terms of costs. FinecoBank’s internal IT processes are characterised by a 
high level of automation and the Issuer manages most of its technology infrastructures and software 
applications directly through its Information Communication and Technology Office (composed by 216 
employees as of 30 June 2022). This helps in keeping technology total cost of ownership (TCO) relatively 
lower compared to the average one for financial industry and strongly reduces the need to provide information 
to outsourcers, thus limiting the risk of third parties breaches. Exceptions to direct solution development are 
certain software solutions licensed from third parties, where standard package mainteinance is entrusted to 
these same third parties. 
FinecoBank is able to leverage on specific internal know-how in designing and defining interfaces, and in 
enhancing ease of use of the operating platforms. Website and mobile app innovation is an ongoing process, 
in which FinecoBank also considers input from clients, to improve the service provided, optimise the interfaces 
and the accessibility, and generally improve ease of use of its various services.  
Managing cyber risk is key for FinecoBank considering its business proposal as an omnichannel bank. 
Therefore, the Issuer pays particular attention to the security of its online channels, investing significantly in 
maintaining the strength of this channel’s security without complicating the access to the website and mobile 
apps for clients.  
In order to guarantee security of its IT systems, FinecoBank has deployed a range of technical and 
administrative security measures, e.g.  next-gen firewalls, intrusion detection and prevention systems, anti-
malware, sandboxes, systems hardening, network segregation, a 24X7 SOC (Security Operation Center), 
internal policies and procedures, and an ample control framework. In designing such security measures, 
FinecoBank continually seeks to balance the need for keeping a high level of usability and availability for its 
customers maintaining, at the same, a strong security posture. 
The Issuer has also adopted a formal and comprehensive “Security Incident Response Plan”, articulated on 
several levels: governance, organisation, operations and reporting. Cybersecurity and fraud management 
processes are managed in-house, with dedicated teams, both part of ICT & Security department. Governance, 
architecture, implementation and operations for cybersecurity & anti-fraud are managed internally by highly-
skilled staff. 
External, renowned providers are used to complement its internal solutions (e.g. anti-DDOS cloud solution for 
cyber defence, EMV3DS cloud solution for PSD2 compliance etc.).

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
Cybersecurity is taken seriously in FinecoBank, with a considerable share of its technology budget invested in 
cybersecurity solutions. FinecoBank chose to keep in-house most of its software development and a security 
software development life cycle is followed, thus including security controls in requirements, design, coding, 
release and operation phases. 
Cybersecurity in FinecoBank has been, from the beginning, an integral part of a larger software development 
cycle and constitutes one of the top priority when releasing services to customers. 
Moreover, FinecoBank is focused on its specific and peculiar business model, keeping a strong alignment 
between business and technology; this makes easier to cope with cybersecurity fast evolving environment 
without damaging service usability and user experience. 
The objective of maintaining a high standard of security is verified, on an ongoing basis, also through 
benchmarking with industry and market fraud levels, both for banking and cards (credit/debit) management. 
In order to provide its services and host its infrastructure, the Issuer uses two data centers located off-site from 
its main premises. The datacenters are to be considered top-tier in terms of reliability, with a full range of 
security and safety measures aimed at keeping them active even in spite of potential adverse scenarios. These 
data centers are totally independent from each other and are configured to work at the same time, in a load 
balancing fashion. As required by applicable regulations, FinecoBank has adopted a model that comprises 
organisational units dedicated to managing “Business Continuity and Crises”, both in normal operating 
conditions and in emergency situations. FinecoBank’s “Business Continuity and Crisis Management” 
framework includes the management plan for emergency events and the business continuity plan, a full-fledged 
disaster recovery plan (which establishes the measures for the restoration of applications and information 
technology systems impacted by potential disasters) and the cyber attack plan (which sets out the strategies for 
handling small and large scale cyber attacks). In terms of customer protection, FinecoBank has in place clear 
policies, frameworks and governance which cover all its processes, from the design of products and services 
to training, incentives, and client interaction. The Issuer ensures the compliance with data protection rules by 
adopting the principles prescribed by Italian legislation, implementing Directive 95/46/EC through a new 
“Global Policy on Privacy”. In April 2016, the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons 
with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (the GDPR) was 
approved by the EU Parliament. The new data protection regime entered into force on 25 May 2018 and 
became directly applicable in all Member States of the European Union without the need of implementing 
national legislation. As part of the Issuer’s commitment to data protection, compliance risk assessment and 
second level controls aim to identify, monitor and manage compliance risks in this regulatory area. With 
specific reference to the GDPR, FinecoBank’s Compliance constantly monitored the regulatory updates and 
supported the various functions involved (mainly Organization, ICT, Security) in the process of adjusting to 
the new regulation through the gradual implementation of identified software solutions. Every year the Data 
Protection Officer of FinecoBank prepares and submits to the Board of Directors and to the Board of Statutory 
Auditors, after having been examined by the Risk and Related Party Committee, the “Data Protection Officer 
report of FinecoBank S.p.A.” (last Data Protection Officer report of FinecoBank was summitted on March 
2022); the purpose of the report is to summarize the results of the activities carried out and the initiatives 
undertaken to protect the personal data processed and manage any potential risk of breach, the ascertained 
malfunctions and the relative corrective actions taken, as well as the training of staff, in compliance with the 
requirements of the GDPR.  
During 2022, the Information and Communications Technology & Security Department carried out its usual 
activities for technological renewal, consolidation and development of the information system in order to 
provide new and more versatile added value services to customers with a focus on the issues of operational 
process efficiency, consolidation and development of the information system, aimed at providing innovative, 
reliable, interoperable and open services that improve the experience of customers and financial advisors, as 
well as ensuring adherence to the opportunities offered by the regulatory landscape. The main project activities 
completed include:

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
• 
the new fully featured trading platform (FinecoX);  
• 
 the extension of the range of products offered in both trading and banking;  
• 
 new services offering service to support customers, especially with a view to simplifying and 
digitalizing the offer;  
• 
the application optimization with particular attention to issues of efficiency of operational processes;  
• 
the extension of analytics tools with a view to data-driven organization, to strengthen the analysis and 
correlation of data and improve the customer experience; and 
• 
change and updating of products and services to implement new laws and regulations. 
From an architectural point of view, disruptive and innovative project initiatives were also carried out at 
infrastructural level, through the introduction of specially designed technologies aimed at providing a 
significant contribution in terms of resiliency and security. In addition to this, infrastructural and application 
optimization and the continuous improvement and tuning of the architecture continued, in line with regulatory 
requirements and constraints, with the usual attention to the Issuer's digitalization issues. 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
FinecoBank’s research and development activities are shaped by its business model. To promote technical 
solutions in line with FinecoBank’s mission, research and development is focused on developing software that 
enables the provision of increasingly innovative financial advice together with exclusive own-account trading. 
The Issuer focuses particular attention on development and innovation of its IT systems, both hardware and 
software, as these are key elements to maintain a leading position in the market for online financial services. 
The amounts invested for these purposes were equal to €12,447 thousand in 2021.The Issuer invests heavily 
in research and development, particularly for IT and design interfaces, in order to ensure excellence of its 
proprietary operating platforms, which represent a key success factor in the market in which it operates. 
FinecoBank’s research and development investment also focuses on all components of its website and the 
other channels of its distribution network.  
More specifically, the main software applications that have been developed over the years are:  
• 
“Advice”: a computer program through which the Bank enables its personal financial advisors to offer 
a professional advisory service to customers who want a personalised financial plan;  
• 
“Internaliser”: a computer program through which FinecoBank executes customer orders in its own 
account relating to trading on financial markets as an alternative counterparty to the market; and 
• 
“Powerdesk and Webtrading”: a software that allows FinecoBank to offer customers sophisticated and 
efficient tools for online trading on the main international financial markets and simple solutions to 
complement the direct banking services. 
PROPERTY 
The Issuer leases most of the property it uses in its business throughout Italy, including its headquarters located 
at Via Rivoluzione d’Ottobre 16, Reggio Emilia. The Issuer also has two data centers, one of which is located 
in Milan and the other is located in the Milan suburb of Pero.  
On 31 January 2019, FinecoBank acquired from Immobiliare Stampa S.C.p.A. (part of the Banca Popolare di 
Vicenza Group) the bank’s registered office in Piazza Durante 11, Milan. The building, part of which was

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
leased up until that date, is used as office space. The transaction was completed at a price of €62 million, and 
the property is accounted on the financial statements also considering taxes and initial direct costs. 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND LICENSING 
The Issuer is the owner of the Fineco trademarks—including the Italian figurative trademark “Fineco The New 
Bank” (No. 362020000050431), the Italian word trademark “Fineco” (No. 362019000137420) in classes 35, 
36 and 45, the Italian word trademark “Fineco” (No. 362020000126178) in classes 09, 16, 35, 36, 38, 41 and 
42, the Italian figurative trademark “Fineco” (No. 0001631072) and the Italian figurative trademark “Fineco 
Bank” (No. 302016000030943), which it uses in its operations. Such trademarks also include the names 
Fineco, FinecoOnline, Fin-Eco. The Issuer also owns the trademarks MoneyMap, PowerBoard, PowerBook, 
PowerChart, PowerDesk, Fineconomy and “F”. All of its primary trademarks are registered in Italy and many 
of them are registered in other countries and internationally.  
The Issuer has registered and owns the rights to the domain names for its primary websites (finecobank.com, 
finecobank.co.uk, fineco.it and mobile.fineco.it) and several other domain names that use derivatives of the 
Fineco name under the Italy-specific “.it” top-level domain name, such as www.finecobanca.it and 
www.finecobank.it. The Issuer has also registered a number of its product names under the “.it” top-level 
domain name, including www.logostrader.it and www.cashpark.it. In addition, it has registered the domain 
name “finecobank” under 32 country-specific and other top-level domain names, for example, 
www.finecobank.de, www.finecobank.co.uk and www.finecobank.info, as well as registering other 
derivatives of its brand and product names. It does not, however, own the rights to several domain names that 
use the Fineco name, such as www.fineco.com, and this may lead to confusion with clients or other users that 
seek to access the Issuer’s services. See “FinecoBank may not be able to adequately protect its intellectual 
property rights in foreign markets” under section “Risk Factors”.  
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
As part of FinecoBank’s exit from the UniCredit Group, with a view to continuity and in the interests of the 
shareholders of both banks, FinecoBank and UniCredit entered into the following agreements: 
Pledge Agreement 
A pledge agreement dated 21 January 2020 was entered into between UniCredit as pledgor and FinecoBank 
as pledgee (the Pledge Agreement) for the provision by UniCredit of collateral in favour of FinecoBank to 
mitigate, for regulatory capital and large exposure purposes in accordance with Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013, 
certain exposures of FinecoBank vis-à-vis UniCredit. 
In particular, the Pledge Agreement is aimed at mitigating the exposure of FinecoBank vis-à-vis UniCredit 
deriving from: i) the subscription of UniCredit Bonds, which will run off in 2024; and ii) the issue of certain 
financial guarantees (fideiussioni) by FinecoBank in favour of UniCredit. 
Pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, UniCredit has granted in favour of FinecoBank a pledge under Belgian law 
over financial collateral as set out in the Pledge Agreement. 
The Pledge Agreement contains provisions relating to the integration of the guarantee and substitution of the 
pledged collateral, which are aimed at enabling FinecoBank to comply with provisions related to capital 
absorption and large exposures under the CRD IV Regulation and other regulations applicable from time to 
time.  
UniCredit has the right, at any time following a period ending 365 days after the occurrence of a change of 
control event (as described in the Pledge Agreement) and following consultation with the relevant supervisory 
authority (with the participation of FinecoBank), to the release of the pledge in the event of a change of control 
of FinecoBank (as determined under the Pledge Agreement).

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
Furthermore, FinecoBank has been progressively replacing UniCredit Bonds (representing as at 30 June 2022 
approximately €2.4 billion of the total bonds portfolio, which amounts to a total of approximately €25.2 billion) 
with a diversified government bond portfolio. In order to optimise its portfolio by diversifying counterparties, 
starting from 2020 FinecoBank increased its exposure (in terms of nominal value) to sovereign debt. 
Master Service Agreement 
A Master Service Agreement was entered into on 7 May 2019 between FinecoBank and UniCredit (the MSA), 
aimed at allowing FinecoBank to continue operating for the period of time necessary until it is able to 
autonomously carry out those activities and services previously provided by companies of the UniCredit 
Group. In particular, pursuant to the MSA, UniCredit has undertaken to: i) continue to provide certain 
administration and back-office activities and services, as well as other ancillary services required for the 
performance of FinecoBank’s activities; ii) continue to provide for a certain amount of time the services and 
activities envisaged by existing contracts between FinecoBank and UniCredit, on the same conditions, except 
for the contracts relating to operations at ATMs and branches and payment systems of the UniCredit Group 
which have been renegotiated to extend their duration; and iii) do everything within its power to support 
FinecoBank vis-a-vis third parties outside the UniCredit Group to ensure that contracts in place between such 
third parties and FinecoBank (including where the contracts were entered into by the UniCredit Group on 
behalf of FinecoBank) continue without interruption. The duration for which the activities and services have 
continued to be provided differs depending on the type of activity or service and, UniCredit has a right to 
terminate such activities and services on a change of control of FinecoBank, as set out in the MSA. In any 
case, FinecoBank completed an insourcing process at the end of June 2021. In particular, the MSA includes 
an agreement pursuant which FinecoBank’s clients will continue to be able to access the entire Italian 
UniCredit network of branches and ATMs for the purposes of carrying out certain banking transactions (the 
ATM Agreement).  
The ATM Agreement will be valid until 31 May 2029, upon which (unless FinecoBank terminates the 
agreement) it will be automatically renewed for a further 10 years until 31 May 2039, after which both 
FinecoBank and UniCredit will be entitled to terminate the ATM agreement upon 12 months prior notice. 
UniCredit also has the right to terminate the ATM Agreement before 31 May 2039 in the event of a change of 
control of FinecoBank, upon 12 months prior written notice (as determined under the MSA). 
Except for the above contracts and for those entered into in the ordinary course of its business, FinecoBank 
has not entered into any material contracts which could materially prejudice its ability to meet its obligations 
under the Notes.  
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS 
As at 30 January 2023, the fully subscribed and paid up share capital of FinecoBank amounted to 
€201,339,553.80, divided into 610,119,860 ordinary shares with a nominal value of €0.33. As at 30 January 
2023, on the basis of the information available to the Issuer as at 30 January 2023, the principal shareholders 
of FinecoBank were17:  
 
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS 
% OWNED 
BlackRock Inc. 
9.201%  
Wellington Management Group LLP 
5.441% 
Capital Research and Management Company 
5.050% 
FMR LLC. 
4.464%  
 
17 Source: Ownership Consob, significant holdings.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM 
FinecoBank’s internal control system seeks to ensure sound and prudent management of its business activities, 
with the purpose of achieving its targets, monitoring business risks and operating in compliance with applicable 
laws. 
FinecoBank’s internal control system comprises rules, procedures and organisational structures that involve 
all company levels, established to achieve the objectives of effective, efficient company processes 
(administration, production, distribution processes etc.), safeguarding the value of assets and protecting against 
losses, ensuring the reliability and integrity of accounting and operating information, the compliance of 
operations with applicable laws, as well as with policies, plans, regulations and internal procedures, and the 
consistency of organisational monitoring of developments of company strategies and changes in the reference 
context.  
Circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended, defines the principles and guidelines to which the internal 
control system of banks must conform. The circular defines the general principles of the organisation, identifies 
the role and responsibilities of governing bodies, and sets out the characteristics and roles of corporate control 
functions. The internal control system must provide protective measures that cover all types of business risk. 
The primary responsibility for these tasks lies with the bank’s bodies, each in accordance with its specific 
duties. The structure of tasks and lines of responsibility of corporate functions and bodies must be clearly 
specified. Banks must apply the provisions according to the proportionality principle, i.e. taking into account 
the operating scale and organisational complexity, the nature of the activities carried out, and the type of 
services provided. As part of the SREP, the ECB or the Bank of Italy verify the internal control system in 
terms of completeness, suitability, functionality (in terms of efficiency and effectiveness) and reliability of 
banks.  
In this respect, it is also worth noting that, with update no. 40th of 3 November 2022, the Circular No. 285 was 
amended in order to implement the EBA Guidelines on ICT and security risk management. Among the others, 
as of 30 June 2023, Italian banks (thus including FinecoBank) would be required to set up a second-level 
control function to manage and monitor over the risks associate with ICT and security. Alternatively, upon 
bank’s decision, such tasks may be assigned to the pre-existing risk management and control functions, in line 
with the roles, responsibilities and competences of each of those functions, and provided that the relevant 
monitoring and managing activities would be properly performed and the technical competences requirements 
would be duly met. Italian banks are required to submit to the Bank of Italy a communication, describing the 
planned steps to be taken and the arrangements to be implemented to be compliant with these recently 
introduced changes, by 1 September 2023.  
In accordance with the provisions laid down by the Supervisory Authority, FinecoBank's internal control 
system consists of a set of rules, functions, organisational structures, resources, processes and procedures 
aimed at ensuring the achievement of the following objectives, in compliance with the principles of sound and 
prudent management:  
• 
verifying the implementation of FinecoBank’s strategies and policies;  
• 
containing risk within the limits set out in FinecoBank’s Risk Appetite Framework;  
• 
preventing FinecoBank’s involvement, even if unintentional, in unlawful activities (with specific 
reference to money laundering, usury and the financing of terrorism);  
• 
protecting the value of assets and preventing losses;  
• 
ensuring the effectiveness and efficiency of corporate processes;  
• 
ensuring the security and reliability of FinecoBank’s information and ICT procedures; and

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
• 
ensuring compliance of transactions with the law and supervisory regulations, as well as internal 
policies, procedures and regulations issued by FinecoBank. 
In terms of the methods applied, FinecoBank’s internal control system is based on four types of controls:  
• 
level one controls ("line controls"): these are controls for individual activities and are carried out 
according to specific operational procedures based on a specific internal regulation. Monitoring and 
continuously updating these processes is entrusted to "process supervisors" who are charged with 
devising controls able to ensure the proper performance of daily activities by the staff concerned, as 
well as the observance of any delegated powers. The processes subject to control relate to units that 
have contact with customers, as well as completely internal bank units;  
• 
level two controls: these are controls related to daily operations connected with the process to measure 
quantifiable risks and are carried out by units other than operating units, on an ongoing basis. The Risk 
Management function controls market, credit and operational risks, as regards compliance with limits 
assigned to operating functions and the consistency of operations of individual production areas with 
established risk/return objectives; the Compliance unit is responsible for controls on non-compliance 
risks; for regulatory areas which already have types of control performed by the bank's specialised 
structures, monitoring of compliance risk is assigned to these structures based on the "Indirect 
Coverage" operating model;  
• 
level three controls: these controls are based on analysis of information obtained from databases or 
company reports, as well as on-site controls. The purpose of these controls is identifying violations of 
procedures and regulations as well as periodically assessing the completeness, adequacy, functionality 
(in terms of efficiency and effectiveness) and reliability of the internal control system and information 
system (ICT audit), on a regular basis, in relation to the nature and intensity of the risks. These controls 
are assigned to the Internal Audit function; and 
• 
institutional supervisory controls: these refer to controls by the bank’s bodies, including in particular 
the Board of Statutory Auditors and the Supervisory Body pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 231 of 
8 June 2001. 
Considering the functions and units involved, the Internal Control System is based on:  
• 
control bodies and functions including, according to their respective responsibilities, the Board of 
Directors, the Risk and Related Parties Committee, the Remuneration Committee, the Appointments 
Committee, the Corporate Governance and Environmental and Social Sustainability Committee, the 
Chief Executive Officer and General Manager, the Board of Statutory Auditors, the Supervisory Body 
set up pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/01 and the corporate control functions (Risk Management18, 
Compliance, Internal Audit) as well as other company functions with specific internal control duties;  
• 
procedures for the coordination of entities involved in the internal control and risk management 
system, which provide for:  
• 
cooperation and coordination among control functions, through specific information flows 
that are formalised in internal regulations and through managerial committees dedicated to 
control issues;  
• 
definition of information flows between corporate bodies and control functions within 
FinecoBank. 
 
18 This function includes the Anti Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Function, responsible for managing the correct 
application of regulations on anti-money laundering and combating the financing of terrorism, headed by the Head of the 
Anti-Money Laundering Function.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
In July 2017, FinecoBank was admitted to the Italian Revenue Agency’s Cooperative Compliance Scheme 
pursuant to articles 3-7 of Legislative Decree 128/2015, which allows FinecoBank to take part in a register of 
taxpayers (published on the Italian Revenue Agency’s official website) operating in full transparency with the 
Italian tax authorities. This is a fundamental milestone to keep FinecoBank’s tax risk control system constantly 
shared with the tax administration in order to monitor its effectiveness and adequacy. Indeed, since 2017, 
FinecoBank has formalised - by resolution of its Board of Directors - the tax strategy with the guidelines and 
principles adopted in the management of tax issues in accordance with the OECD’s recommendations.  
ENVIRONMENTAL INITIATIVES 
The FinecoBank Group is committed to monitoring and assessing the effects of climate change on its credit 
and asset management activities. FinecoBank’s investment policy is based on granting credit to retail 
customers and investing mainly in government bonds. Granting credit to large, small and medium-sized 
enterprises or financing corporate projects or plants is not part of the FinecoBank Group's policy. The limited 
exposure to firms preserves the FinecoBank Group both from the risk of causing impacts on the environment 
through financing counterparties associated with a high environmental risk (such as industries in the energy 
sector) and from the risk of indirectly being affected by any possible environmental events damaging its clients. 
The high diversification of FinecoBank’s commercial portfolio (both in individual and territorial terms) 
protects the Group from the possible deterioration of the solvency of its clients due to environmental factors, 
such as atmospheric events or natural disasters. The environmental impact of the FinecoBank Group is 
therefore mainly attributable to the direct consumption of resources at both its operating offices and the offices 
of its financial advisors. The FinecoBank Group concentrates its efforts to minimise its environmental impact, 
focusing on dematerialisation processes, through innovations that significantly reduce paper flows and related 
emissions, the adoption of energy efficiency measures and initiatives to promote sustainable mobility. 
In September 2022, FinecoBank obtained the recognition that certifies the excellence of its environmental 
management system, implemented throughout the whole Italian perimeter of corporate offices and Fineco 
Centers, according with the requirements of the Regulation (EC) No 1221/2009 (the EMAS Regulation).  
In 2022, FinecoBank expressed its commitment to combating climate change, by setting the important goal of 
achieving its “Net zero CO2 emissions” status by 2050, regarding both operational and financed emissions. 
Through this objective, the Group commits to reduce its Scope 1 and 2 operational emissions by 35% and its 
Scope 3 operational emissions by 20% by 2030, achieving a 90% reduction in these emissions by 2050, with 
the residual emissions being neutralised from the “Net-Zero” year. The Group is also committed to ensuring 
that its financial assets are aligned with the climate objectives of the Paris Agreement Under the United Nations 
Framework Convention on Climate Change entered into force on 4 December 2016, with particular reference 
to government and bank debt securities. 
As for ESG risk assessment, starting from 2021, FinecoBank’s risk assessment framework introduces ESG 
items which are aimed at complying with the ECB guidelines on climate and environmental risks, both in 
relation to strategy and the monitoring and measurement of such risks through dedicated indicators. Further to 
an analysis of FinecoBank’s business model, exposures and risk factors, FinecoBank’s risk management 
function has identified the deterioration of real estate collateral covering mortgages as a potential 
environmental impact risk area in the medium to long term. FinecoBank’s risk performance indicators are 
therefore intended to monitor the concentration and quality of real estate guarantees in highly seismic and/or 
hydrogeological areas, and ESG investment objectives in FinecoBank’s Banking Book.   
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
The corporate governance system adopted by FinecoBank is designed to promote a clear and responsible 
development of banking operations, contributing in the creation of long-term sustainable value. In particular, 
it is based on the principles recognised by international best practice as fundamental for good governance: the 
central role of the Board of Directors, the correct management of conflict of interests, the efficiency of the

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
internal control system and the transparency towards the market, with particular reference to the 
communication of corporate management choices.  
The overall framework of FinecoBank’s corporate governance has been defined in accordance with existing 
provisions of laws and regulations, taking into account, also, the recommendations included in the code of 
self-regulation for listed companies promoted by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the Code of Self-Regulation).  
In this context, FinecoBank adopts the so-called traditional governance system, based on the presence of two 
bodies appointed by the shareholders' meeting: the Board of Directors, with functions of strategic supervision 
and management company, and the Statutory Auditors, with control functions. The statutory audit is entrusted 
to an external auditing firm, in accordance with applicable legislation.  
In order to foster an efficient system of information and advisory which allows the Board of Directors to better 
assess certain matters within its competence, in conformity with the supervisory provisions issued by Banca 
d'Italia and the recommendations of the Code of Self-Regulation, there are four committees with proactive, 
advisory and coordination functions:  
• 
Remuneration Committee  
• 
Appointments Committee  
• 
Risk and Related Parties Committee  
• 
Corporate Governance and Environmental and Social Sustainability Committee 
MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors 
FinecoBank’s Board of Directors consists of 11 members19, including the Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer. It was appointed by the ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of FinecoBank held on 28 April 2020 and will 
remain in office until the next Shareholders' Meeting called to approve the annual financial statements for the 
year ending 31 December 202220. 
The composition of the Board in office is quantitatively and qualitatively consistent with the theoretical profile 
approved by the Board of Directors, including with regard to the limits on the number of offices held. In 
addition, the Board of Directors meets the requirements of integrity, experience and independence (including 
suitability) set forth in the Issuer’s articles of association and current regulations. 
In addition to the powers afforded under the Issuer’s articles of association, FinecoBank’s Board of Directors 
is tasked with setting the strategic policies and the guidelines for the organisational and operational structures, 
overseeing and monitoring their timely execution within the assigned risk profiles. The Board of Directors is 
responsible for establishing and approving the methods through which risks are detected and assessed and for 
approving the risk management strategic direction and policies. The Board of Directors also verifies that the 
internal control structure is consistent with the risk tolerance established and approves policies for the 
management of risks.  
 
19 On 9 February 2021, Andrea Zappia, non-executive Director of FinecoBank, resigned with effect from 1 March 2021 
due to professional commitments. The Shareholders’ Meeting of FinecoBank of 28 April 2021 appointed Alessandra 
Pasini as member of the Board of Directors.  
20 The members of the Board of Directors (and of the Board of Statutory Auditors) are appointed by the Shareholders' 
Meeting according to the list voting mechanism. This voting system, which uses lists of competing candidates, ensures 
that representatives of minority shareholders are appointed.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
The Chief Executive Officer and General Manager has been assigned specific powers by the Board of Directors 
in all of the Issuer's areas of activity. The Chief Executive Officer and General Manager puts in place the 
necessary measures to ensure the establishment and maintenance of an efficient and effective internal control 
system. 
The following table sets forth the current members of FinecoBank’s Board of Directors. 
 
Name 
Position 
Marco Mangiagalli 
Chairman 
Francesco Saita 
Vice Chairman 
Alessandro Foti 
Chief Executive Officer and General Manager 
Alessandra Pasini 
Director 
Elena Biffi 
Director 
Giancarla Branda 
Director 
Gianmarco Montanari 
Director 
Maria Alessandra Zunino De Pignier 
Director 
Marin Gueorguiev 
Director 
Paola Giannotti De Ponti 
Director 
Patrizia Albano 
Director 
The business address for each of the above Directors is Piazza Durante 11, Milan 20131, Italy. 
Other principal activities performed by the above members of the Board of Directors which are significant 
with respect to FinecoBank are listed below:  
Marco Mangiagalli 
• 
non-executive chairperson of E.I. Towers S.p.A. 
• 
member of the board of directors of Finarvedi S.p.A. 
Francesco Saita 
• 
member of the board of directors of Aessedomus S.r.l. 
• 
professor of the Department of Finance (Dipartimento di Finanza) at the Bocconi University of Milan 
• 
member of the committee (Comitato di Redazione) of the Research Division of CONSOB and of other 
relevant scientific committees 
Alessandro Foti

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
• 
member of the board of directors of ASSORETI (Associazione delle Società per la Consulenza agli 
Investimenti) and of the Bocconi University of Milan 
Alessandra Pasini 
• 
executive chairperson of Zhero BV 
• 
sole director of Zhero S.r.l. 
Elena Biffi 
• 
member of the board of directors of Arnoldo Mondadori Editore S.p.A.  
• 
commissioner liquidator (commissario liquidatore) of La Concordia S.p.A in administrative 
compulsory winding up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa)  
• 
member of the board of directors of REVO S.p.A. 
• 
member of the board of directors of Elba Compagnia di Assicurazioni e Riassicurazioni S.p.A. 
• 
member of the board of director of Fondo Pensione Vaticano 
• 
member of the board of director of Assofintech 
Giancarla Branda 
• 
statutory Auditor of Saras S.p.A., ACI Progei S.p.A. and ACI Consult S.p.A. in winding up; 
• 
member of the board of directors of Garofalo Health Care S.p.A. 
• 
lawyer at Salvini e Associati Law Firm 
Gianmarco Montanari 
• 
general director of the “Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia” 
• 
member of the board of directors of Tinexta S.p.A. and Evalue Innovation sl 
• 
member of the board of directors of the University of Turin and of “Istituti riuniti salotto e fiorito – 
scuole paritarie” 
• 
member of the board of director of Italgas S.p.A. 
• 
member of the board of directors of Reale ITES S.r.l. and Reale ITES ESP sl 
Maria Alessandra Zunino De Pignier 
• 
member of the board of directors of AIAF Formazione e Cultura s.r.l. 
• 
Statutory auditor of Sabaf S.p.A. 
• 
consultant of Alezio.net Consulting s.r.l. 
• 
member of the board of director of European Federation of Financial Analysts (Frankfurt)

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
• 
member of the board of director of International Platform for Investment Professional (Switzerland) 
Marin Gueorguiev 
• 
risk management and control system consultant 
Paola Giannotti De Ponti 
• 
member of the board of directors of Terna S.p.A. 
Patrizia Albano 
• 
member of the board of directors of Piaggio & C S.p.A. 
• 
standing member of the board of statutory auditors of Artemide Group S.p.A. and Artemide S.p.A. 
• 
chairman of the board of statutory auditors of Artemide Italia S.r.l. 
• 
lawyer at Albano law firm  
Senior Management 
The following table sets out the name, title and principal activities outside FinecoBank of each of the senior 
managers of FinecoBank:  
Name 
Title 
Other principal activities performed by 
the Senior Managers which are significant 
with respect to FinecoBank 
Alessandro Foti 
Chief Executive Officer and General 
Manager 
Please see Management – Board of Directors 
Lorena Pelliciari 
Chief Financial Officer and Dirigente 
Preposto 
(Manager 
charged 
with 
preparing 
the 
company 
financial 
reports) 
member of the board of directors of Fondo 
Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi 
member of the committee of Pri.Banks 
Paolo Di Grazia 
Deputy General Manager and Head of 
Global Business 
Vice 
President 
Assosim 
(Associazione 
Italiana Intermediari Mobiliari)  
member of the board of directors of Vorvel 
Sim S.p.A. 
Fabio Milanesi 
Deputy General Manager and Head of 
Global Banking Services 
- 
Mauro Albanese 
Deputy General Manager and Head of 
Network PFA & Private Banking 
member of the board of directors of AIPB 
(Italian association of private bankers) 
The business address for each of the above members of FinecoBank’s senior management is Piazza Durante 
11, Milan 20131, Italy.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The Board of Statutory Auditors, without prejudice to any other or more specific duty and power assigned to 
it by primary and secondary laws and regulations in force, monitors compliance with laws, regulations and the 
bylaws (statuto), as well as the proper administration and adequacy of organisational and accounting 
arrangements of the Issuer, of the risk management and control system, as well as the functioning of the overall 
internal control system. The Board of Statutory Auditors meets the requirements of integrity, experience and 
independence (including suitability) set forth in the current regulations.  
The Board of Statutory Auditors, in carrying out its duties, works with the Internal Audit function and Risk 
and Related Parties Committee, on the basis of a continuous dialogue and the proactive exchange of 
information. The Board Statutory of Auditors also works with the Issuer’s external auditors, the Compliance 
Manager and the Anti-Money Laundering Function Manager. 
The current Board of Statutory Auditors was appointed by FinecoBank’s Shareholders’ Meeting of 28 April 
2020 and 28 April 202121 and will remain in office until the next Shareholders' Meeting called to approve the 
annual financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2022.  
The following table sets out the current members of FinecoBank’s Board of Statutory Auditors: 
 
Name 
Position 
Luisa Marina Pasotti 
Chairman 
Giacomo Ramenghi 
Standing Auditor 
Massimo Gatto 
Standing Auditor 
Lucia Montecamozzo 
Alternate Auditor 
Alessandro Gaetano 
Alternate Auditor 
All of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors in office are enrolled with the Register of Chartered 
Accounting Auditors of the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance. The business address for each of the 
above members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is Piazza Durante 11, Milan 20131, Italy.  
Other principal activities performed by the Statutory Auditors of FinecoBank which are significant for 
FinecoBank are listed below: 
 
21 The Shareholders’ Meeting of 28 April 28 2020 appointed the Board of Statutory Auditors (comprising three Statutory 
Auditors and two Stand-In Auditors) for the 2020-2022 period in the persons of Elena Spagnol, Massimo Gatto and 
Chiara Orlandini, as Statutory Auditors, and Luisa Marina Pasotti and Giacomo Ramenghi, as Stand-In Auditors. On 16 
September 2020, Ms. Elena Spagnol resigned from her position as Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of the 
Bank, with effect from 1 October 2020, and in compliance with laws and the Articles of Association, the Stand-in Auditor 
Ms. Luisa Marina Pasotti, also from the list submitted by several asset management companies and institutional investors, 
took over the position of Statutory Auditor with effect from 1 October 2020, as Statutory Auditor and Chairman of the 
Board of Statutory Auditors. In addition, on 5 September 2020, Ms. Chiara Orlandini resigned from her position as 
Statutory Auditor of the Bank, with effect from 12 October 2020, and in compliance with laws and the Articles of 
Association, the Stand-in Auditor Mr. Giacomo Ramenghi, also from the list submitted by several asset management 
companies and institutional investors, took over the position of Statutory Auditor. The Shareholders’ Meeting of 28 April 
2021, then confirmed Ms. Luisa Marina Pasotti as Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditor and Mr. Giacomo 
Ramenghi as Standing Auditor; furthermore the Shareholders’ Meeting appointed Ms. Lucia Montecamozzo and Mr. 
Alessandro Gaetano as Alternate Auditor.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
Luisa Marina Pasotti 
• 
standing auditor of Marelli e Pozzi S.p.A., Servizi Aerei S.p.A. 
• 
member of the board of director of Dolcemagic S.r.l. 
• 
chartered accountant of Studio Associato Pasotti e Badanai 
Giacomo Ramenghi 
• 
standing auditor of Prometeia S.p.A., Prometeia Advisor SIM S.p.A., MSC Società di Partecipazione 
tra Lavoratori S.p.A.,  Rekeep S.p.A., Servizi Ospedalieri S.p.A., Annovi Reverberi S.p.A. and H2H 
Facility Solutions 
• 
chartered accountant of Studio Gnudi e Associati 
Massimo Gatto 
• 
standing auditor of MARR S.p.A., Poste Welfare Servizi S.r.l. and SACE BT S.p.A. 
• 
chartered accountant of Studio Gatto 
Lucia Montecamozzo 
• 
partner of Studio Legale Tributario Fantozzi & Associati 
Alessandro Gaetano 
• 
full professor in Business Economics at “Tor Vergata” University (Rome)  
EMPLOYEES 
The following table breaks down the Issuer’s employees by employment category as of 30 June 2022 and 31 
December 2021.  
 
Employees 
 
30 June 2022 
 
31 December 
2021 
Executives 
 
30 
 
30 
Managers 
 
430 
 
427 
Professional Areas 
 
806 
 
804 
Total 
 
1,266 
 
1,261 
Agency and temporary 
workers and interns 
 
0 
 
0 
Employees FAM 
 
50 
 
44 
As at 30 June 2022, FinecoBank’s employees totaled 1,266 up compared to 1,261 as at 31 December 2021.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
During the first half of 2022, activity continued normally despite the Covid emergency persisted, as all 
employees could work remotely. In addition, further initiatives aimed at facilitating and improving the working 
and personal life of employees continued, in continuity with what was done in 2021 (for example in the area 
of health and welfare). These initiatives, in continuity with what was done in 2021, concerned several areas: 
health, home working, office work and other useful initiatives. Timeliness of intervention and constant 
monitoring of the evolution of the pandemic situation were the keywords that characterized the FinecoBank's 
approach in all processes dedicated to human resources. FinecoBank has reached an agreement with the trade 
unions on work from home. On voluntary basis, the employees can work from home for approximately 2/3 
days a week up to a maximum of 12 days a month. 
In addition, hiring activities aimed at strengthening and optimising the areas dedicated to business 
development, organizational and technological support and risk control and management continued in 
"remote" mode.  
The Issuer provides its employees certain insurance benefits required by applicable laws and the National 
Collective Bargaining Agreement for Credit Institutions (CCNL), where applicable. 
As of 30 June 2022, FinecoBank had accrued €4.297 million in provisions for severance indemnities. During 
the year ended 31 December 2021, the amount set aside for the Italian social security fund (INPS fund) was 
equal to €747,979, while the amount set aside for the complementary pension funds was equal to €3,322,819. 
SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTIONS  
Inaugural Market issuance of Senior Preferred instrument 
In October 2021, FinecoBank successfully completed the placement of its first market issue of Senior Preferred 
Notes for a nominal amount of € 500 million and a coupon of 0.5% for the first 5 years. The issue registered a 
demand equal to more than 4 times the offer, confirming the market's appreciation of FinecoBank also in the 
fixed-income segment. The placement was carried out with a view to complying with the fully loaded MREL 
Requirements calculated on the total exposure for the purposes of calculating the financial leverage ratio 
currently required of FinecoBank Group as from 1 January 2024. 
Capital increase in Vorvel Sim 
On 10 May 2022 the shareholder’s meeting of Vorvel Sim, approved the capital increase in the total amount 
of € 3.5 million, corresponding to a contribution of € 0.7 million for each shareholder. FinecoBank subscribed 
to its own capital increase during May 2022, keeping its shareholding unchanged at 20%. 
Realignment of tax values of goodwill to higher book values pursuant to Article 110 of Decree-Law 104 of 
2020  
In 2021 FinecoBank exercised the option to realign goodwill pursuant to Article 110 of Legislative Decree 
104/2020, an operation that resulted in the cancellation of deferred taxes of €24.5 million and the recognition 
of deferred tax assets of € 10.2 million, in addition to the payment of the substitute tax of €2.7 million for the 
realignment of goodwill, with a positive effect in taxes for the first half of first half of 2021 of € 32 million. 
Starting in the financial year ended 31 December 2021, the amortisation plan for goodwill began for a portion 
equal to one fiftieth of the realigned amount. As at 30 June 2022, the amortisation of the realigned goodwill 
was charged for the accrued portion. 
LITIGATION AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS 
FinecoBank is involved in a number of legal proceedings in the normal course of its business. The most 
significant cases it is involved in are those proceedings related to: (i) claims by its clients alleging unlawful 
conduct by its financial advisors, for which the Issuer may incur statutory joint and several liability; (ii) claims

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
by its clients alleging breaches by the Issuer of applicable banking and financial rules of conduct or other 
contractual breaches; (iii) claims by its former financial advisors for the payment of severance pay; and (iv) 
tax claims. 
FinecoBank has taken out specific insurance policies to protect against the risk associated with claims by its 
customers alleging unlawful conduct by its financial advisors, for which it may be held jointly and severally 
liable, and has made provisions for expected liabilities that are not covered by such insurance policies. 
As a precaution against claims, as at 30 June 2022 FinecoBank had a provision in place for legal disputes of 
€24,243,000. This provision includes the costs of proceedings borne by FinecoBank in the event of an adverse 
conclusion of the dispute plus the estimated expenses to be paid to lawyers, any technical advisers and/or 
experts who assist FinecoBank, to the extent that it is believed that they will not be reimbursed by the relevant 
counterparties. This estimate was determined by FinecoBank, in relation to current disputes, mainly based on 
the analysis of the historical trend of legal expenses incurred, by type of litigation and degree of judgment. 
Tax disputes 
The Issuer received a notice of assessment for the year 2003 from the Italian Revenue Agency, containing an 
objection to the use of tax credits for €2.3 million which was appealed by FinecoBank. The Issuer has already 
paid the additional taxes and interest due. In this respect, as at 30 June 2022, the Group had in place a provision 
for an amount of €3.7 million, including the allocations for fines and interest for the additional tax being 
contested and requested by the Tax Authorities through tax bills or payment notices paid and for the estimated 
amount of legal expenses to be incurred in the various proceedings. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
FinecoBank’s Board of Directors, in order to ensure continued compliance with applicable legal and regulatory 
provisions on corporate disclosure on transactions with related parties and persons in conflict of interest, during 
the meeting held on 16 December 2021 (effective from 15 January 2022) and with the prior favourable opinion 
of the Risk and Related Parties Committee and the Board of Statutory Auditors, approved the last update of 
the “Global Policy for the management of transactions with persons in potential conflict of interest of the 
FinecoBank Group” (the Procedures).  
The aforementioned Procedures include the provisions to be complied with when managing:  
• 
related parties transactions pursuant to the CONSOB Regulation adopted by resolution on 12 March 
2010, no. 17221, as subsequently amended;  
• 
transactions with associated persons pursuant to the regulations on "Risk activities and conflicts of 
interest with associated persons", established in Chapter 11 of the Bank of Italy Circular 285/2013 
("Supervisory Provisions for Banks") as amended following the update n. 33 of 23 June 2020 
obligations of bank officers pursuant to Article 136 of Legislative Decree 385 on 1September 1993, 
showing the "Consolidated Law on Banking"; 
• 
transactions with other relevant persons in potential conflict of interest as defined by the Issuer on a 
self-regulatory basis, taking into account the applicable legal and regulatory provisions; 
• 
loans granted to directors (i.e. members of the administrative, management and control bodies) and 
their related parties, pursuant to Article 88 of the CRD V.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
In September 2022, FinecoBank obtained a recognition that certifies the excellence of its environmental 
management system, implemented throughout the whole Italian perimeter of corporate offices and Fineco 
Centers, according with the requirements of the EMAS Regulation.  
On 15 December 2022, FinecoBank announced that the, following the SREP, the ECB has communicated the 
Pillar 2 Requirements (P2R) for the FinecoBank Group which are binding starting from 1 January 2023. For 
further details, please see “Regulatory framework” under “Risk Factors” section. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following table sets out certain profit and loss information for the periods indicated adjusted and recast as 
set out in the notes to the table: 
 
 
€ millions 
FY20 
FY21 
 
1H21 
1H22 
Financial Margin  
279.7 
280.0 
 
147.9 
176.4 
 
o/w Net Interest  
270.7 
247.9 
 
124.3 
127.0 
 
o/w Profit from treasury  
9.0 
32.1 
 
23.6 
49.4 
Dividends and other income from equity investments 
0.0 
0.0 
 
0.0 
-0.1 
Net fee and commission income 
379.4 
450.8 
 
214.3 
232.5 
Net trading, hedging and fair value income 
86.8 
74.3 
 
40.6 
54.8 
Net other expenses/income 
1.9 
-1.3 
 
0.6 
0.4 
Revenues 
747.8 
803.8 
 
403.5 
464.0 
Staff expenses 
-99.5 
-109.6 
 
-52.9 
-57.5 
Other administrative expenses net of recoveries 
-118.0 
-123.1 
 
-60.6 
-65.3 
Impairment/write-backs on intangible and tangible 
assets 
-25.4 
-26.2 
 
-12.7 
-13.2 
Operating costs 
-243.0 
-258.9 
 
-126.1 
-136.0 
Operating profit (Loss) 
504.8 
544.9 
 
277.4 
328.0 
Other charges and provisions 
-34.1 
-49.9 
 
-14.0 
-12.5 
 
o/w Contributions to the single resolution fund 
(SRF) and deposit guarantee schemes (DGS) 
-26.8 
-40.0 
 
-7.7 
-7.7 
Net impairment losses on loans and provisions for 
guarantees and commitments 
-3.3 
-1.7 
 
-1.7 
-1.2 
Net income from investments 
-6.3 
1.1 
 
1.2 
-0.8 
Profit (Loss) before tax from continuing operations 
461.1 
494.4 
 
262.9 
313.5 
Income tax for the period 
-137.5 
-113.7 
 
-46.2 
-91.2 
Profit (Loss) for the period 
323.6 
380.7 
 
216.7 
222.4 
Net profit adjusted(1) 
324.5 
349.2 
 
184.6 
222.5 
Non recurring items (min, gross) 
FY20 
FY21 
 
1H21 
1H22 
Extraord. systemic charges (Trading Profit)(2) 
-1.4 
-0.7 
 
0.0 
-0.2 
Realignment of Intangible Assets 
0.0 
32.0 
 
32.0 
0.0 
Total 
-1.4 
31.3 
 
32.0 
-0.2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) Net of non recurring items. 
(2)Voluntary scheme valuation. 
 
 
The following table sets out certain financial or other ratios as at the dates or for the periods indicated calculated 
as set out in the notes to the table:

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
 
Dec. 20 
Jun. 21 
Dec. 21 
Jun. 22 
PFA TFA / PFA (mln)(1) 
30.6 
32.5 
33.9 
31.2 
Guided Products / TFA 
36% 
38% 
39% 
38% 
FAM retail / Fineco AUM(2) 
23% 
26% 
27% 
29% 
Cost/Income Ratio (3) 
32.5% 
31.3% 
32.2% 
29.3% 
CET 1 ratio 
28.6% 
18.6% 
18.8% 
19.1% 
Adjusted RoE(4) 
21.2% 
23.3% 
22.0% 
29.3% 
Leverage Ratio 
4.85% 
4.03% 
4.02% 
3.82% 
Leverage Ratio excl. temporary exemption(5) 
4.85% 
3.81% 
3.84% 
3.82% 
LCR(6) 
858.09% 
834.44% 
828.09% 
828.97% 
NSFR 
308.5% 
321.39% 
325.25% 
330.54% 
 
(1) PFA TFA/PFA: calculated as end of period Total Financial Assets related to the network divided by number of PFAs eop. 
(2) Calculated as FAM retail stock eop divided by FinecoBank AUM stock eop. 
(3) Cost/Income ratio calculated as Operating Costs divided by Revenues. 
(4) RoE: annualised Net Profit, net of non recurring items divided by the average book shareholders’ equity for the period (excluding dividends expected 
to be distributed and the revaluation reserves). 
(5) Leverage Ratio excluding exposures towards central banks from the total leverage ratio exposures (according to Article 429a of the CRR) was equal 
to 4.03% in June 2021, to 4.04% in September 2021, to 4.02% in December 2021 and to 3.99% in March 2022. 
(6) Average of the liquidity coverage ratio based on end-of-the-month observations over the preceding 12 months for each quarter of the relevant 
disclosure period. 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
In order to facilitate the understanding of economic and financial performance of the FinecoBank Group, the 
Issuer's directors have identified certain unaudited Alternative Performance Measures (APMs), as defined 
under the rules of the ESMA. 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference the following APMs, as defined by the ESMA’s 
Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (ESMA/2015/1415), which are used by the management of 
the Issuer to monitor its financial and operating performance and to facilitate management in identifying 
operational trends and take about investment decisions, resource allocation and other operational decisions. 
With reference to the interpretation of these APMs draws attention to the matters illustrated below: 
(i) 
these indicators are constructed exclusively from the FinecoBank Group's historical data and are not 
indicative of the future performance of the FinecoBank Group; 
(ii) 
the APMs are not required by IFRS and, although derived from the Issuer's Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements and Unaudited Consolidated First Half Financial Reports, are, respectively, not 
audited and not reviewed; 
(iii) 
these financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to IFRS; 
(iv) 
reading of these APMs should be carried out together with the FinecoBank Group's financial 
information from the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the Unaudited Consolidated First

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
Half Financial Reports;  
(v) 
it is to be noted that, since not all companies calculate APMs in the same manner, these are not always 
comparable to measurements used by other companies. 
APMs used by the FinecoBank Group are processed with continuity and consistency of definition and 
representation for all periods for which financial information included in this Base Prospectus. 
This type of key metrics is used by management to assess financial performance. These metrics are not a 
measurement of our financial performance under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to total 
comprehensive income/(loss) or other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS, or as 
alternatives to cash flow from operating activities as measures of liquidity. These amounts have not been 
audited or reviewed by any independent auditors. 
 
Margins of the reclassified Income Statement 
The Issuer provide a consolidated reclassified income statement, with the following APMs.  
Revenues: this aggregate includes core income and other income/expenses strictly correlated with operating 
activity. It is calculated as the sum of the following captions of the reclassified income statement: 
− Financial margin; 
− Dividends and other income from equity investments; 
− Net fee and commission income; 
− Net trading, hedging and fair value income; 
− Net other expenses/income. 
 
Operating costs: this aggregate includes costs and expenses relating to the operating activity presented in the 
following captions of the reclassified income statement: 
− Staff expenses; 
− Other administrative expenses; 
− Recovery of expenses; 
− Impairment/write-backs on intangible and tangible assets. 
 
Operating Profit (Loss): obtained from the difference between Revenues and Operating costs, as described 
above, it represents the result of operations. 
 
Net Operating Profit (Loss): this aggregate represents the operating profit (loss) that takes into account the net 
impairment losses on loans and provisions for guarantees and commitments.  
 
Lastly, Profit (Loss) for the period includes the following captions of the reclassified income statement are 
included: 
‒ Income taxes for the period; 
‒ Other charges and provisions; 
‒ Net income from investments. 
 
The Reclassified Consolidated First Half Report and the Reclassified Consolidated Financial Statements 
present and illustrate the reclassified consolidated income statement and balance sheet, the reconciliation of 
which with the consolidated financial statements is shown in the Appendices "Reconciliation Schedules for 
the Preparation of the Reclassified Consolidated Financial Statements" (in line with Consob Communication 
No.6064293 of July 28, 2006).  
Cost / income ratio  
Cost / income ratio is the ratio of operating costs (staff expenses, other administrative expenses, recovery of

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
expenses, impairment/write-backs on intangible and tangible assets) to operating income (revenues). It is one 
of the main key performance indicators of the Issuer’s efficiency: the lower is the ratio, the higher is the 
profitability.  
 
(in €/thousands) 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2020 
A. Operating costs 
136,030 
126,104 
258,893 
243,010 
B. Revenues 
464,032 
403,458 
803,810 
747,786 
Cost 
/ 
income 
ratio 
(A/B)(1) 
29.3% 
31.3% 
32.2% 
32.5% 
(1) Cost/Income ratio calculated as Operating Costs divided by Revenues. 
 
Cost of risk 
The cost of risk is the ratio of net impairment losses of loans with customers in the last 12 months (net 
impairment losses on current deposits, credit cards, personal loans and mortgages of the last four quarters) 
divided by the same types of loans and receivables with customers (average of the averages of the last four 
quarters, calculated as the average balance at the end of the quarter and the balance at the end of the previous 
quarter). The scope only includes loans to commercial customers. It is one of the risk indicators of bank assets: 
the lower the ratio, the less risky the bank assets. 
(in €/thousands) 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2020 
A. Net impairment losses 
of loans with customers (*) 
885 
2,925 
1,620 
3,802 
B. Loans and receivables 
with customers (*) 
5,278,747 
4,044,048 
4,621,205 
3,658,611 
Cost of risk (A/B) 
0.02% 
0.07% 
0.04% 
0.10% 
(*) The items refer to loans and receivables with customers on current deposits, credit cards, personal loans and 
mortgages. 
 
Impaired loans to total loans with ordinary customers ratio 
Impaired loans to total loans with ordinary customers ratio is the ratio between net impaired loans and total 
loans with ordinary customers (defined as the loans and receivables with customers net of debt securities).  
 
(in €/thousands) 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2020 
Bad exposures 
2,067 
2,115 
2,141 
2,025 
Unlikely to pay 
1,412 
1,095 
1,179 
1,065 
Past-due loans 
812 
1,318 
1,061 
441

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
A. Net impaired loans 
4,291 
4,528 
4,381 
3,531 
B. 
Total 
loans 
with 
ordinary customers 
5,734,337 
4,656,591 
5,416,604 
4,008,307 
Impaired loans to total 
loans 
with 
ordinary 
customers (A/B) 
0.07% 
0.10% 
0.08% 
0.09% 
 
Net profit adjusted 
The net profit adjusted is the profit (loss) for the period excluding non-recurring items recorded in the period.  
 
(in €/thousands) 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2020 
A. Profit (loss) for the 
period 
222,363 
216,670 
380,711 
323,571 
B. Non-recurring items 
(184) 
32,023 
31,532 
(959) 
Net profit adjusted (A-B) 
222,547 
184,647 
349,179 
324,530 
The non-recurring items recorded in the first half of 2022 and in the full year 2020 refers to change in fair 
value of the exposure in equity securities versus the Voluntary Scheme established by the Interbank Fund for 
the Protection of Deposits. The non-recurring items recorded in the first half of 2021 and in the full year 2021 
refers to the fiscal realignment of the intangible asset recorded in Financial Statement as of 31 December 2019, 
under the art. 110 of the Legislative Decree No. 104/2020 and to change in fair value of the exposure in equity 
securities versus the Voluntary Scheme established by the Interbank Fund for the Protection of Deposits. 
 
Adjusted ROE 
The adjusted ROE is calculated as the annualised net profit adjusted divided by the average book shareholders’ 
equity for the period (excluding dividends expected to be distributed and the revaluation reserves). 
(in €/thousands) 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2020 
A. Annualised net profit 
adjusted  
445,094 
369,295 
349,179 
324,531 
B. Average book 
shareholders’ equity 
1,518,379 
1,585,911 
1,586,911 
1,528,163 
Adjusted ROE (A/B) 
29.3% 
23.3% 
22.0% 
21.2% 
 
 
Direct deposits 
The value of direct deposits from customers is calculated as the sum of current accounts, demand deposits, 
time deposits and reverse repos.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
(in €/thousands) 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2020 
A. Current accounts and 
demand deposits 
30,518,392 
28,272,565 
29,495,291 
28,013,775 
B. Time deposits and 
reverse repos 
- 
31 
1 
207 
Direct deposits (A+B) 
30,518,392 
28,272,596 
29,495,292 
28,013,982 
 
 
Assets Under Management (AUM) 
Assets Under Management are off-balance assets managed by the Issuer and the value of those assets is based 
on market prices. The value of Assets Under Management is calculated as the sum of the amount pertaining to 
the following products: investment funds, assets under custody and direct deposits under advisory, segregated 
accounts and insurance products. 
(in €/thousands) 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2020 
A. 
UCITS 
and 
other 
investment funds 
33,182,079 
35,699,170 
38,052,645 
31,577,808 
B. Assets under custody 
and direct deposits under 
advisory 
1,877,505 
1,969,630 
2,104,995 
1,775,626 
C. Segregated accounts 
308,096 
281,698 
329,710 
209,329 
D. Insurance products 
15,420,884 
13,448,360 
14,962,876 
11,818,687 
AUM (A+B+C+D) 
50,788,564 
51,398,858 
55,450,226 
45,381,450 
 
 
Assets Under Custody 
Assets Under Custody are custodial financial assets administered for Issuer’s customers (not attributable to 
AUM). Assets Under Custody are composed by government securities, bonds and shares. 
 
 
Total Financial Assets (TFA) 
The value of Total Financial Assets is calculated as the sum of direct deposits, Assets Under Management and 
Assets Under Custody.  
Guided products & services refer to the Issuer’s products and/or services developed by investing in UCITs 
selected from among those distributed for each asset class taking into account customers' different risk profiles 
and offered to the Issuer’s customers under the guided open architecture model. 
(in €/thousands) 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2021 
31 December 
2020 
A. Direct deposits 
30,518,392 
28,272,596 
29,495,292 
28,013,982

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
B. 
Assets 
Under 
Management 
50,788,564 
51,398,858 
55,450,226 
45,381,450 
C. 
Assets 
Under 
Custody 
21,497,301 
21,759,579 
22,969,895 
18,313,685 
TFA (A+B+C) 
102,804,257 
101,431,033 
107,915,413 
91,709,117 
of 
which 
Guided 
products & services 
38,841,952 
38,531,095 
42,304,154 
33,420,198 
 
 
Guided products / TFA ratio 
The guided products to TFA ratio is the ratio of guided products & services related to TFA and total financial 
assets. 
(in €/thousands) 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2020 
A. Guided products & 
services (related to TFA) 
38,841,952 
38,531,095 
42,304,154 
33,420,198 
B. TFA 
102,804,257 
101,431,033 
107,915,413 
91,709,117 
Guided products / TFA 
ratio (A/B) 
37.78% 
37.99% 
39.20% 
36.44% 
 
TFA – Personal Financial Advisors (“PFA”) 
This APM refers to the balance of direct and indirect inflows of the Network of personal financial advisors. 
 
TFA – Private banking  
This APM refers to financial services aimed at "high-end" private customers for the global management of 
financial needs.  
 
Net sales 
The value of net sales is calculated as the sum of net sales of: direct deposits, Assets Under Management and 
Assets Under Custody. 
Guided products & services refer to the Issuer’s products and/or services developed by investing in UCITs 
selected from among those distributed for each asset class taking into account customers' different risk profiles 
and offered to the Issuer’s customers under the guided open architecture model. 
(in €/thousands) 
30 June 2022 
30 June 2021 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2020 
A. Net sales of direct 
deposits 
1,023,099 
258,610 
1,481,305 
2,505,616 
B. Net sales of Assets 
1,701,695 
4,047,210 
7,293,851 
4,295,841

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
Under Management 
C. Net sales of Assets 
Under Custody 
2,911,398 
1,481,067 
1,875,915 
2,481,734 
Net Sales (A+B+C) 
5,636,192 
5,786,887 
10,651,071 
9,283,191 
of which Guided products 
& services 
1,624,961 
3,729,928 
6,793,943 
4,209,227 
 
 
Net sales – Personal Financial Advisors (PFA)  
This APM indicates the net sales made through the network of PFA. It is calculated as the sum of net sales of 
direct deposits, Assets Under Management and Assets Under Custody.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
REGULATORY ASPECTS 
The FinecoBank Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB, the 
European Central Bank (ECB) and is also subject to the authority of the Single Resolution Board (SRB). The 
banking laws to which the FinecoBank Group is subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and 
are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of such institutions and limit their exposure to risk. In 
addition, the FinecoBank Group must comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling 
practices. New acts of legislation and regulations may be introduced in Italy and the European Union that may 
affect the FinecoBank Group, including proposed regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter the 
FinecoBank Group's capital requirements. 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups include implementation of measures 
consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel 
Committee). 
In accordance with the regulatory frameworks described above and consistent with the regulatory framework 
being implemented at the European Union level, the FinecoBank Group has in place specific procedures and 
internal policies to monitor, among other things, liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the prevention and 
detection of money laundering, privacy protection, ensuring transparency and fairness in customer relations 
and registration and reporting obligations. Despite the existence of these procedures and policies, there can be 
no assurance that violations of regulations will not occur, which could adversely affect the FinecoBank Group's 
results of operations, business and financial condition. In addition, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, certain 
laws and regulations have only been recently approved and the relevant implementation procedures are still in 
the process of being developed. 
Basel III and the CRD IV Package 
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee approved, in the fourth 
quarter of 2010, revised global regulatory standards (Basel III) on bank capital adequacy and liquidity, which 
impose requirements for, inter alia, higher and better-quality capital, better risk coverage, measures to promote 
the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of stress and the introduction of a leverage ratio as a 
backstop to the risk-based requirement as well as two global liquidity standards. The Basel III framework 
adopts a gradual approach, with the requirements to be implemented over time, with full enforcement in 2019. 
In January 2013, the Basel Committee revised its original proposal in respect of the liquidity requirements in 
light of concerns raised by the banking industry, providing for a gradual phasing-in of the Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio with a full implementation in 2019 as well as expanding the definition of high-quality liquid assets to 
include lower quality corporate securities, equities and residential mortgage backed securities. Regarding the 
other liquidity requirement, the net stable funding ratio, the Basel Committee published the final rules in 
October 2014 which took effect from 1 January 2018. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking requirements: the CRD IV 
Directive and the CRD IV Regulation which forms the CRD IV Package, as subsequently updated by the CRR 
II and CRD V Directive. 
Full implementation began on 1 January 2014, with particular elements being phased in over a period of time 
(the requirements are now largely fully effective as of 1 January 2019 and some minor transitional provisions 
provide for phase-in until 2024). Further details on the implementation of the Banking Reform Package (as 
defined below) are provided in the paragraph “Revision to the CRD IV Package” below.  
National options and discretions that were so far exercised by national competent authorities will be exercised 
by the Single Supervisory Mechanism in a largely harmonised manner throughout the Banking Union. In this 
respect, on 14 March 2016, the ECB adopted Regulation (EU) No.2016/445 on the exercise of options and 
discretions, as subsequently amended. Depending on the manner in which these options/discretions had been

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
exercised by the national competent authorities and on the manner in which the SSM will exercise them in the 
future, additional/lower capital requirements may result. 
In Italy, the Government approved a Legislative Decree on 12 May 2015 (Decree 72/2015) implementing the 
CRD IV Directive and amending the Italian Banking Act. Decree 72/2015 entered into force on 27 June 2015. 
Decree 72/2015 impacts, inter alia, on: 
• 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and members of 
the management body (Articles 23 and 91 of the CRD IV Directive); 
• 
competent authorities’ powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (Articles 64, 65, 102 and 
104 of the CRD IV Directive); 
• 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called whistleblowing, Article 71 
of the CRD IV Directive); and 
• 
administrative penalties and measures (Article 65 of the CRD IV Directive). 
The Bank of Italy published supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular of the Bank of Italy 
No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as subsequently amended from time to time by the Bank of Italy, (the Circular 
No. 285) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing the CRD IV Package and the Banking 
Reform Package, and setting out additional local prudential rules. The CRD IV Package is also supplemented 
in Italy by technical rules relating to the CRD IV Directive and the CRD IV Regulation published through 
delegated regulations of the European Commission and guidelines of the EBA. 
As part of the CRD IV Package, certain transitional arrangements as implemented by the Circular No. 285 
have been gradually phased-out. The transtionational arrangements which provide for the regulatory capital 
recognition of outstanding instruments which qualified as Tier 1 and Tier 2 captial instruments under the 
framework which the CRD IV Package replaced but which no longer meet the minimum criteria under the 
CRD IV Package have been gradually phased out.  
Capital Requirements 
According to Article 92 of the CRD IV Regulation, as amended by the CRR II, institutions shall at all times 
satisfy the following own funds requirements: (i) a CET1 Capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; (ii) a Tier 1 Capital 
ratio of 6 per cent.; (iii) a Total Capital ratio of 8 per cent, and (iv) the Leverage Ratio of 3 per cent. These 
minimum ratios are complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 Capital: 
• 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to Article 129 of the 
CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285); 
• 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer (CCyB): set by the relevant competent authority between 0% - 2.5% 
of credit risk exposures towards counterparties each of the home Member State, other Member States 
and third countries (but may be set higher than 2.5 % where the competent authority considers that the 
conditions in the Member State justify this), with gradual introduction from 1 January 2016 and 
applying temporarily in the periods when the relevant national authorities judge the credit growth 
excessive (pursuant to Article 130 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section III of Circular 
No. 285). The Bank of Italy has set, and decided to maintain, the CCyB (relating to exposures towards 
Italian counterparties) at 0% for the fourth quarter of 2022; 
• 
Capital buffers for globally systemically important banks (G-SIBs): set as an "additional loss 
absorbency" buffer varying depending on the sub-categories on which the globally systemically 
important institutions (G-SIIs) are divided into. The lowest sub-category shall be assigned a G- SII 
buffer of 1 % of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRD

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
IV Regulation and the buffer assigned to each sub-category shall increase in gradients of at least 0,5 
% of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRD IV 
Regulation. G-SIBs is determined according to specific indicators (size, interconnectedness, lack of 
substitutes for the services provided, global cross border activity and complexity) and, being phased 
in from 1 January 2016 (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section 
IV of Circular No. 285), became fully effective on 1 January 2019. Based on the most recently updated 
list of G-SIIs published by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) on 23 November 2021, neither the 
Issuer (nor any member of the FinecoBank Group) is a G-SIB and therefore they do not need to comply 
with a G-SIBs capital buffer requirement (or a leverage ratio buffer); and  
• 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks at a domestic level (O-SIIs): up to 3.0% as set 
by the relevant competent authority (reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher risk that 
such banks represent to the financial system (pursuant to Article 131 of the CRD IV and Title II, 
Chapter 1, Section IV of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has not identified so far the FinecoBank 
Group as an O-SII, therefore the Issuer does not need to comply with an O-SII capital buffer 
requirement. 
In addition to the above-mentioned capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV Directive, as amended by 
the CRD V, each Member State may introduce a systemic risk buffer (SyRB) of Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
for the financial sector or one or more subsets of that sector in order to prevent and mitigate long-term non-
cyclical systemic or macroprudential risks not otherwise covered by the CRD IV Package, in the sense of a 
risk of disruption in the financial system with the potential of having serious negative consequences on the 
financial system and the real economy in a specific Member State.  
With update No. 38 of 22 February 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to provide for, inter alia, 
the introduction of:  
(i) 
the possibility for the Bank of Italy to activate the SyRB for banks and banking groups authorised in 
Italy. In particular, the requirement to maintain a SyRB of Common Equity Tier 1 is intended to 
prevent and mitigate macro-prudential or systemic risks not otherwise covered with the macro-
prudential instruments provided for by the CRD IV Regulation, as amended by the CRR II, the anti-
cyclical capital buffer and the capital buffers for G-SII and for O-SII. The buffer ratio for systemic 
risk can be applied to all exposures or to a subset of exposures and to all banks or to one or more 
subsets of banks with similar risk profiles; and 
(ii) 
some macro-prudential instruments based on the characteristics of customers or loans (so-called 
“borrower-based measures”). Specifically, these are measures that are not harmonised at European 
level, which can be used to counter systemic risks deriving from developments in the real estate market 
and from high or rising levels of household and non-financial corporate debt. 
Furthermore, with update No. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to align its 
provisions with Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD IV Directive, as amended by the CRD V. In particular, the 
amendments introduced to Part I, Chapter 1, Title III of the Circular No. 285 provide for, inter alia, the 
introduction of:  
(i) 
A clear differentiation between components of P2R estimated from an ordinary perspective and the 
Pillar 2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective which supervisory authorities may require 
banks to hold; and 
(ii) 
The possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the presence of excessive 
leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (P2R and Leverage Ratio and Pillar 2 
Guidance Leverage Ratio).

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
Failure by an institution to comply with buffer requirements described above (Combined Buffer 
Requirements) may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called “Maximum 
Distribuitable Amounts” and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan on necessary remedial 
actions (Articles 140 to 141c of the CRD IV Directive).  
In addition, FinecoBank Group is subject to the P2R for banks imposed under the CRD IV Package, which 
will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the SREP. The SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions have 
adequate arrangements and strategies in place to maintain liquidity and capital, including in particular the 
amounts, types and distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk profile, in order to ensure sound 
management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be exposed, including those revealed by 
stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the financial system. 
The quantum of any P2R imposed on a bank, the type of capital which it must apply to meeting such capital 
requirements, and whether the Pillar 2 requirement is “stacked” below the capital buffers (i.e. the bank’s capital 
resources must first be applied to meeting the P2R in full before capital can be applied to meeting the capital 
buffers) or “stacked” above the capital buffers (i.e. the bank’s capital resources can be applied to meeting the 
capital buffers in priority to the Pillar 2 requirement) may all impact a bank’s ability to comply with the 
Combined Buffer Requirement. 
In its publication of the 2016 EU-wide stress test results on 29 July 2016, the EBA has recognised a distinction 
between “Pillar 2 requirements” (stacked below the capital buffers) and “Pillar 2 capital guidance” (stacked 
above the capital buffers). With respect to Pillar 2 capital guidance, the publication stated that, in response to 
the stress test results, competent authorities may (among other things) consider “setting capital guidance, above 
the combined buffer requirement”. Competent authorities have remedial tools if an institution refuses to follow 
such guidance. The ECB published a set of “Frequently asked questions on the 2016 EU-wide stress test”, 
confirming this distinction between P2R and Pillar 2 capital guidance and noting that “Under the stacking 
order, banks facing losses will first fail to fulfil their Pillar 2 capital guidance. In case of further losses, they 
would next breach the combined buffers, then Pillar 2 requirements, and finally Pillar 1 requirements”. 
The distinction between “Pillar 2 requirements” and “Pillar 2 capital guidance” has been codified by the CRD 
V. Whereas the former are mandatory requirements imposed by supervisors to address risks not covered or not 
sufficiently covered by Pillar 1 and buffer capital requirements, the latter refers to the possibility for competent 
authorities to communicate to an institution their expectations for such institution to hold capital in excess of 
its capital requirements (Pillar 1 and Pillar 2) and Combined Buffer Requirements in order to cope with 
forward-looking and remote situations. Under the CRD V, only P2R, and not Pillar 2 capital guidance, will be 
relevant in determining whether an institution is meeting its Combined Buffer Requirement. 
Non-compliance with Pillar 2 capital guidance does not amount to a failure to comply with capital 
requirements, but should be considered as a “pre alarm warning” to be used in a bank's risk management 
process. If capital levels go below Pillar 2 capital guidance, the relevant supervisory authorities, which should 
be promptly informed in detail by the bank of the reasons of the failure to comply with the Pillar 2 capital 
guidance, will take into consideration appropriate and proportional measures on a case by case basis (including, 
by way of example, the possibility of implementing a plan aimed at restoring compliance with the capital 
requirements including capital strengthening requirements). 
On 23 July 2020 the European Banking Authority (EBA) published guidelines for competent authorities for 
the special procedures for the SREP 2020, identifying how flexibility and pragmatism could be exercised in 
relation to the SREP framework in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. The 2020 SREP cycle focused on 
the ability of the supervised entities to handle the challenges of the COVID-19 crisis and its impact on their 
current prospective risk profile.  
The Bank of Italy notified to the EBA its intention to comply with the abovementioned guidelines on 23 
September 2020. The Bank of Italy in fact announced to the supervised entities that only in exceptional cases,

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
due to a significant increase in their current and prospective risk profiles, it would have updated the banks’ 
current requirements.  
On 18 March 2022, the EBA published its final report on revised guidelines on common procedures and 
methodologies for SREP and supervisory stress testing. The EBA has developed the revised SREP guidelines 
in order to implement the changes brought by CRD V and CRR II (as defined below). In particular, the revision 
of the Guidelines, while keeping the original framework with the main SREP elements intact, reflects, among 
other things, the introduction of the assessment of the risk of excessive leverage and the revision of the 
methodology for the determination of the Pillar 2 Guidance. Additional relevant changes are related to the 
enhancement of the principle of proportionality and the encouragement of cooperation among prudential 
supervisory authorities and anti-money laundering/combating the financing of terrorism supervisors, as well 
as resolution authorities. The Bank of Italy should report its intention to comply with the Guidelines by 2 
months after the publication of the translation in the official EU languages (still pending). The guidelines will 
apply from 1 January 2023. 
The CRD IV Package introduced a leverage ratio with the aim of restricting the level of leverage that an 
institution can take on, to ensure that an institution’s assets are in line with its capital.  The Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 2015/62 was adopted on 10 October 2014 and was published in the Official Journal of 
the European Union in January 2015 amending the calculation of the leverage ratio compared to the current 
text of the CRD IV Regulation (Leverage Ratio Regulation). Institutions have been required to disclose their 
leverage ratio from 1 January 2015. The CRD IV Package contains specific mandates for the EBA to develop 
draft regulatory or implementing technical standards as well as guidelines and reports related to liquidity 
coverage ratio and leverage ratio in order to enhance regulatory harmonisation in Europe through the Single 
Rule Book. The CRR II complemented the system of reporting and disclosure, as envisaged in the Leverage 
Ratio Regulation, by the introduction of the leverage ratio as own fund requirement. 
Liquidity and leverage requirements 
The CRD IV Package also introduced the LCR. This is a stress liquidity measure based on modelled 30-day 
outflows. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 supplementing the CRR with 
regard to liquidity coverage requirement for credit institutions (LCR Delegated Act) was adopted in October 
2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union in January 2015. On 20 May 2022, 
amendments to the LCR Delegated Act were published in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2022/786 of 10 February 2022) and has applied as of July 2022. Most of these amendments 
has been introduced to better allow the credit institutions issuing covered bonds to comply, on one hand, with 
the general liquidity coverage requirement for a 30 calendar day stress period and, on the other hand, with the 
cover pool liquidity buffer requirement, as laid down by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council. The NSFR is part of the Basel III framework and aims to promote resilience over a longer 
time horizon (1 year) by creating incentives for banks to fund their activities with more stable sources of funding 
on an on-going basis. The NSFR has been introduced as a requirement in the CRR II published in June 2019 and 
is applicable from June 2021. 
Revision to the CRD IV Package 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented a comprehensive package of reforms to further 
strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (Banking Reform Package). The Banking Reform 
Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation. 
These proposals were agreed by the European Parliament, the Council of the EU and the European 
Commission and were published in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019 entering into force 20 days 
after, even though most of the provisions are applicable as of 28 June 2021, allowing for a smooth 
implementation of the new provisions. 
The Banking Reform Package includes:

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
(i) 
revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk; 
(ii) 
changes to the market risk rules which include the introduction first of a reporting requirement pending 
the implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the FRTB (as defined below) published in 
January 2019 by the Basel Committee and then the application of own funds requirements as of 1 
January 2023; 
(iii) 
a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a backstop to 
risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3% of an institution's Tier 1 capital; 
(iv) 
a binding NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to finance their 
long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding (liabilities) in 
order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints). This means that the amount of available 
stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution's liabilities and regulatory capital by 
appropriate factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. The NSFR will be expressed as 
a percentage and set at a minimum level of 100%, indicating that an institution holds sufficient stable 
funding to meet its funding needs during a one-year period under both normal and stressed conditions. 
The NSFR will apply at a level of 100% at individual and a consolidated level starting from 28 June 
2021, unless competent authorities waive the application of the NSFR on an individual basis as of two 
years after the date of entry into force of the EU Banking Reform Package; 
(v) 
changes to the large exposures limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; and 
(vi) 
improved own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SMEs and infrastructure projects. 
In particular, on 7 June 2019, the legal acts of the “Banking Reform Package” regarding the banking sector 
have been published on the EU Official Journal. Such measures include, together with the amendments to the 
BRRD and to SRM Regulation, (i) CRR II amending the CRD IV Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting 
and disclosure requirements, and (ii) CRD V Directive amending the CRD IV Directive as regards exempted 
entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures 
and powers and capital conservation measures. The amendments proposed better align the current regulatory 
framework to international developments in order to promote consistency and comparability among 
jurisdictions. 
Such measures entered into force on 27 June 2019, while a) the CRR II is applicable from 28 June 2021, 
excluding some provisions with a different date of application (early or subsequent), b) the CRD V and BRRD 
2 shall be implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions which will be 
applicable subsequently. 
In Italy, the Government approved a Legislative Decree on 8 November 2021 (Decree 182/2021) 
implementing the CRD V Directive and amending the Italian Banking Act. Decree 182/2021 entered into force 
on 30 November 2021. Decree 182/2021 impacts, inter alia, on: 
• 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and members of 
the management body (Articles 22, 23 and 91 of the CRD V Directive); 
• 
competent authorities’ powers to impose additional own fund requirements (Articles 104 and 104a of 
the CRD V Directive); 
• 
authorisation regime applicable to financial holding companies and mixed financial holding 
companies (Article 21a of the CRD V Directive); and

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
• 
regime governing the banking groups and introduction of the status of “intermediate EU parent” 
(Article 21c of the CRD V Directive). 
Moreover, it is worth mentioning that the Basel Committee concluded the review process of the models (for 
credit risk, counterparty risk, operational risk and market risk) for the calculation of minimum capital 
requirements, including constraints on the use of internal models and introducing the so-called “output floor” 
(setting a minimum level of capital requirements calculated on the basis of internal models equal, when fully 
implemented, to 72.5 per cent. of those calculated on the basis of the standardised methods). The main purpose 
is to enhance consistency and comparability among banks. The new framework was finalised for market risk in 
2016 and finally revised in January 2019. The new framework for credit risk and operational risk was completed 
in December 2017. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published, as part of a legislative package that includes also 
amendments to CRD V, the text of the proposal to amend the CRR II (CRR III and jointly the 2021 Reform 
Package). In particular, the 2021 Reform Package legislative initiative aims at implementing in the EU the 
2017 Basel Accord and further elements not included in such international framework contributing to financial 
stability and to the steady financing of the economy in the context of the post-COVID 19 crisis recovery. This 
general objective can be broken down in four more specific objectives: 
(i) 
to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, without significant increases in capital requirements 
overall; 
(ii) 
to enhance the focus on ESG risk in the prudential framework; 
(iii) 
to further harmonise supervisory powers and tools; and 
(iv) 
to reduce institutions' administrative costs related to public disclosure and to improve access to 
institutions prudential data. 
(v) 
to insert in the CRR a dedicated treatment for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for 
internal MREL (i.e. “daisy chain approach”). 
Once agreed on the final text between the various stakeholders involved in the legislative process (European 
Commission, European Parliament and Council of the EU) and once implemented in the Union, these 
regulatory changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes in the 
capital calculation and increase capital requirements. The analysis carried out by the EBA, published in 
December 2019 upon request of the European Commission, shows that the adoption of the new Basel III criteria 
would require banks to increase minimum capital requirements (MCR) by 23.6 per cent., resulting in a capital 
deficit of €124 billion. On 21 August 2020, the EBA was requested by the European Commission to update 
further its Basel III impact study and published the new impact analysis on 15 December 2020. The overall 
impact is presented under two implementation scenarios: the first one updates the impact presented in the 
previous Call for Advice (CfA) reports (the Basel III scenario); the second one (the EU-specific scenario) 
considers the additional features requested by the European Commission in its CfA, i.e. applying the SME 
supporting factors on top of the Basel SME preferential risk weight treatment; maintaining EU credit valuation 
adjustment exemptions; exercising the jurisdictional discretion contemplated in the Basel III framework to 
exclude the bank-specific historical loss component from the calculation of the capital for operational risk 
(internal loss multiplier = 1). Under the Basel III scenario, the steady-state implementation of the overall 
reform scheduled for January 2028 could increase the minimum required capital (MRC) amount, which 
includes Pillar 2 requirements and EU-specific buffers, by +18.5% with respect to the December 2019 baseline. 
Under the EU-specific scenario, steady-state implementation of the final Basel III framework (i.e. 2028) could 
increase the MRC amount by +13.1% with respect to the December 2019 baseline. 
The EBA has been conducting regular and ad-hoc quantitative impact studies to assess or monitor the impact 
of various rules on the EU banking sector.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
Regular monitoring exercise includes also a monitoring exercise to assess the impact of the Basel III 
framework on a sample of EU banks that the EBA conducts in coordination and in parallel with the Basel 
Committee (Basel III Monitoring Exercise). This exercise assesses the impact of the latest regulatory 
developments at Basel Committee level in the following area: (a) global regulatory framework for more resilient 
banks and banking systems; (b) the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and liquidity risk monitoring tools; (c) the 
leverage ratio framework and disclosure requirements; (d) the Net Stable Funding Ratio; and (e) the post-crisis 
reforms. 
The impact of the Basel III is assessed using mostly the following measures: 
(i) 
percentage impact on minimum required Tier 1 capital (MRC); 
(ii) 
impact, in basis point, on the current actual Tier 1 capital ratio; and 
(iii) 
Tier 1 shortfall resulting from the full implementation of Basel III, namely the capital amount that 
bansks need to filfil the Basel III MCR. 
According to EBA Decision no. EBA/DC/2021/373concerning information required for the monitoring of 
Basel supervisory standards published on 18 February 2021 (EBA Decision), the Basel III Monitoring 
Exercise, which is currently only being carried out on a small sample of credit institutions and on a voluntary 
basis, should be extended to a broader and stable set of credit institutions. In particular, in order to ensure 
consistency, accuracy and completeness of the data provided, G-SIIs and O-SIIs, as well as credit institutions 
whose Tier 1 capital equals or exceeds €3 billion, or total assets equal or exceeding €30 billion, should be 
included in the sample. 
Pursuant to EBA Decision, as of 31 December 2021, the Basel III Monitoring Exercise will become mandatory 
and will be carried out on an annual basis only. 
On 30 September 2022, EBA published its first mandatory Basel III Monitoring Report which assess the 
impact that Basel III full implementation will have on EU banks in 2028. According to this assessment, the 
full Basel III implementation would result in an average increase of 15.0% of the current Tier 1 minimum 
required capital. Thus, to comply with the new framework, banks would need EUR 1.2 billion of additional 
Tier 1 capital.  
On 4 May 2020, EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting requirements for market 
risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II. 
In particular, the implementing technical standards (ITS) introduced uniform reporting templates, the template 
related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the IT solutions for the 
specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the FRTB (as defined below) into 
the EU prudential framework by means of a reporting requirement. Based on the ITS submitted by the EBA, 
the European Commission adopted the Implementing Regulation no. 2021/453/EU of 15 March 2021 which 
applied from 5 October 2021. 
Revisions to the Basel III framework 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published of its final set of amendments to its Basel III framework 
(known informally as Basel IV). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, including: 
(i) 
changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
(ii) 
limitations to the use of IRB approaches, mainly banks will be allowed to use the F-IRB approach and 
the SA, only for specialised lending the A-IRB will be still used;

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
(iii) 
a new framework for determining an institution's operational risk charge, which will be calculated 
only by using a new standardised approach; 
(iv) 
an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and 
(v) 
an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution's total risk weighted assets (RWA) 
generated by IRB models are no lower than 72.5% of those generated by the standardised approach. 
According to the Basel Committee, Basel IV should be introduced as a global standard from January 2022, 
with the output capital floor being phased-in (starting at 50% from 1 January 2022 and reaching 72.5% as of 
1 January 2025). In this occasion, the Basel Committee postponed the suggested implementation date for the 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB) has been postponed by the Basel Committee to January 
2025 to allow it to finalise the remaining elements of the framework and align the implementation date with 
the other Basel IV reforms. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the SSM Regulation for the establishment of SSM. The SSM Regulation provides the 
ECB, in conjunction with the national competent authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, 
with direct supervisory responsibility over “banks of significant importance” in those Member States. “Banks 
of significant importance” include any Eurozone bank in relation to which (i) the total value of its assets 
exceeds €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – the ratio of its total assets over 
the national gross domestic product exceeds 20%; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit institutions 
established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the European 
Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism and/or (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of 
significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member 
State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. FinecoBank 
has been classified as a significant supervised entity pursuant to the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework 
Regulation and, as such, is subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB starting from January 2022. 
The relevant national competent authorities continue to be responsible, in respect of FinecoBank Group, for 
supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money laundering, payment 
services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB is exclusively responsible for the 
prudential supervision of FinecoBank, which includes, inter alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw 
authorisation; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings; (iii) ensure compliance with all prudential 
requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, where necessary, higher prudential requirements 
to protect financial stability under the conditions provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust 
corporate governance practices and internal capital adequacy assessment controls and (vi) intervene at the 
early stages when risks to the viability of a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. 
The ECB may exercise options and discretions under the SSM and SSM Framework Regulation in relation to 
FinecoBank. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive  
The BRRD, entered into force on 2 July 2014, is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an institution that is failing or likely to fail so as to ensure the 
continuity of the institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimizing the impact of an 
institution’s failure on the economy and financial system. In addition, to the capital requirements under CRD 
IV Directive, the BRRD introduces requirements for banks to maintain at all times a sufficient aggregate 
amount of own funds and eligible liabilities (the Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities, or MREL). The Issuer has to meet MREL requirements on a consolidated basis. MREL constrains 
the structure of liabilities and may require the use of subordinated debt, which would have an impact on cost 
and potentially on the Issuer’s financing capacity.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone (except for the asset separation 
tool) or in combination with other resolution tools where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an 
institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector 
measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe and (c) a resolution action 
is in the public interest: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the 
institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created 
for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution 
authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles 
to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-
down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution 
authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert 
certain unsecured debt claims (including the Notes) into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. other 
instruments that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or 
other instruments of ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of 
ownership) (the general bail-in tool). Such shares or other instruments of ownership could also be subject to 
any future application of the BRRD. For more details on the implementation in Italy please refer to the 
paragraphs below. 
With specific reference to the bail-in instruments, the MREL requirement is intended to ensure that a bank, in 
case of application of the bail-in tool, has sufficient liabilities to absorb losses and to assure compliance with 
the Common Equity Tier 1 requirement provided for the authorisation to exercise the banking business, as well 
as to generate confidence in the market. Regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria to determine the 
MREL requirements are set out in Delegated Regulation EU 2016/1450 which was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 3 September 2016. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power 
to permanently write-down/convert into shares or other instruments of ownership (including the Subordinated 
Notes) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (non- viability loss 
absorption). Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion may also be subject 
to any application of the general bail-in tool. The point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the 
relevant authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has 
yet been taken) or that the institution or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments 
(including the Subordinated Notes) are written-down/converted or extraordinary public support is to be 
provided. 
Resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt instruments (such as the 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) issued by an institution under 
resolution, amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, the date on which the interest 
becomes payable (including by suspending payment for a temporary period) and to restrict the termination 
rights of holders of such instruments. The BRRD also provides for a Member State, after having assessed and 
exhausted the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to 
be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. 
Resolution authorities may provide public equity support to an institution and/or take the institution into public 
ownership. Such measures must be taken in accordance with the EU state aid framework and will require a 
contribution to loss absorption from shareholders and creditors via write- down, conversion or otherwise, in an 
amount equal to at least 8 % of total liabilities (including own funds). 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be 
provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities 
provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued 
liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of 
precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as 
holders of the Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
An SRF (as defined below) was set up under the control of the SRB (as defined below). It ensures the 
availability of funding support while the bank is resolved. It is funded by contributions from the banking sector. 
The SRF can only contribute to resolution if at least 8 per cent. of the total liabilities, including own funds, of 
the bank have been bailed-in.  
The BRRD requires all Member States to create a national, prefunded resolution fund, reaching a level of at 
least 1 per cent. of covered deposits by 31 December 2024.  The national resolution fund for Italy was created 
in November 2015 and required both ordinary and extraordinary contributions to be made by Italian banks and 
investment firms.  In the Banking Union, the national resolution funds set up under the BRRD were superseded 
by the single resolution fund, established by the European Regulation no. 806/2014 as of 1 January 2016 
(Single Resolution Fund or SRF) and those funds have been pooled together gradually. Therefore, as of 2016, 
the Single Resolution Board calculates, in line with the Council Implementing Regulation no. 2015/81/EU (the 
Council Implementing Act), the annual contributions of all institutions authorised in the Member States 
participating in the SSM and the SRM.  The SRF is financed by the European banking sector. The total target 
size of the Fund is equal to at least 1 per cent. of the covered deposits of all banks in the Member States 
participating in the Banking Union. The SRF is to be built up over eight years, beginning in 2016, to the target 
level of EUR 55 billion (the basis being 1 per cent. of the covered deposits in the financial institutions of the 
Banking Union). Once this target level is reached, in principle, the banks will have to contribute only if the 
resources of the SRF are actually used in order to deal with resolutions of other institutions.  
Under the BRRD, the target level of the National Resolution Funds was set at national level and calculated on 
the basis of deposits covered by deposit guarantee schemes. Under the SRM, the target level of the SRF is 
European and is the sum of the covered deposits of all institutions established in the participating Member 
States. This results in significant variations in the contributions by the banks under the SRM as compared to 
the BRRD. As a consequence of this difference, when contributions would have been paid based on a joint 
target level starting as of 2016, contributions of banks established in Member States with a high level of 
covered deposits could abruptly have decreased, while contributions of those banks established in Member 
States with fewer covered deposits could abruptly have increased. In order to prevent such abrupt changes, the 
Council Implementing Act (i.e. Council Implementing Regulation no. 2015/81) provides for an adjustment 
mechanism to remedy these distortions during the transitional period by way of a gradual phasing in of the 
SRM methodology. 
Implementation of the BRRD in Italy 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government, namely Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the BRRD Decrees), both of 
which were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015.  Legislative 
Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law which implements the provisions of BRRD relating to resolution 
actions, while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the existing Banking Act and deals principally with 
recovery plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy.  The BRRD Decrees entered into force 
on the date of publication on the Italian Official Gazette (i.e. 16 November 2015), save that: (i) the general 
bail-in tool applies from 1 January 2016; and (ii) a “depositor preference” granted for deposits other than those 
protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and SMEs is effective from 
1 January 2019. 
It is important to note that, pursuant to article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015, resolution authorities 
may not exercise the write down/conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds 
or their related hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any 
part of a secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments) that exceeds the 
value of the assets, pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. The BRRD specifically contemplates 
that pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Accordingly, holders of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes of a particular Series may be subject to write- 
down/conversion upon an application of the general bail-in tool while other Series of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as appropriate, Subordinated Notes (or, in each case, other pari passu ranking

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
liabilities) are partially or fully excluded from such application of the general bail-in tool. Further, although 
the BRRD provides a safeguard in respect of shareholders and creditors upon application of resolution tools, 
Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that such protection is limited to the incurrence by shareholders or, as 
appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of the application of the relevant tool than they would have 
incurred in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. It is therefore possible not only that the claims of 
other holders of junior or pari passu liabilities may have been excluded from the application of the general bail-
in tool and therefore the holders of such claims receive a treatment which is more favourable than that received 
by holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, but also that the 
safeguard referred to above does not apply to ensure equal (or better) treatment compared to the holders of such 
fully or partially excluded claims. This is due to the fact that the safeguard is not intended to address such 
possible unequal treatment but rather to ensure that shareholders or creditors do not incur greater losses in a bail-
in (or other application of a resolution tool) than they would have received in a winding up under normal 
insolvency proceedings.  
Certain categories of liability are subject to the mandatory exclusions from bail-in foreseen in Article 44(2)(g) 
of the BRRD. For instance, most forms of liability for taxes, social security contributions or to employees 
benefit from privilege under Italian law and as such are preferred to ordinary senior unsecured creditors in the 
context of liquidation proceedings. Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national 
insolvency regimes such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess 
of the coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to the BRRD have a ranking 
in normal insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, 
unsecured, non-preferred creditors, such as holders of Senior Preferred Notes. In addition, the BRRD does not 
prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending national insolvency regimes to provide other types of 
creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative 
Decree No. 181/2015 has amended the creditor hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and 
investment firms to resolution as well as compulsory liquidation procedures by providing that, as from 1 
January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of 
individuals and SMEs will benefit from a preference in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, though with a 
ranking which is lower than that provided for individual/SME deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the 
deposit guarantee scheme. On 25 October 2017 the European Parliament, the Council and the European 
Commission agreed on elements of the review of the BRRD. As part of this process Article 108 of the BRRD  was 
amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399. Member States were required to adopt and publish relevant laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with the amendment to the creditor hierarchy by 
29 December 2018. The recognition of the new class of so-called “Senior Non-Preferred Debt” has been 
implemented in the EU through the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 12 December 2017 amending BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency 
hierarchy. In Italy, the Directive has been implemented with the law No. 205/2017, modifying article 12bis of 
the Consolidated Banking Act.  
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights of 
set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the 
absence of an express agreement to the contrary. Since each holder of Subordinated Notes and the holders of 
the Senior Preferred Notes will have expressly waived any rights of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other 
similar remedy which they might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, it is clear that the statutory right of set-off 
available under Italian insolvency laws will likewise not apply. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well 
as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. As indicated above, holders of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes may be subject to write-down/conversion into shares or 
other instruments of ownership on any application of the general bail-in tool and, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, non- viability loss absorption.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
Revisions to the BRRD framework 
The Banking Reform Package included BRRD II which provides that Member States are required to ensure 
implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating to the implementation 
of the standard on total TLAC applying from January 2022 while the transitional period for full compliance 
with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL 
set at 1 January 2022. The Banking Reform Package includes, amongst other things: 
(i) 
full implementation of the FSB's TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL regime. 
Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation methodology for 
MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, the introduction of 
internal MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on institutions; 
(ii) 
introduction of a new category of “top-tier” banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are 
not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed €100 billion; 
(iii) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and 
(iv) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
Changes to the BRRD under BRRD II will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed 
as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. In order to ensure compliance with MREL 
requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, the BRRD II provides that in case a bank does not 
have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its MREL requirements, the resultant shortfall is 
automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be counted towards meeting the combined 
capital buffer requirement. However, under certain circumstances, BRRD II envisages a nine-month grace 
period before restrictions to discretionary payments to the holders of regulatory capital instruments senior 
management of the bank and employees take effect due to a breach of the combined capital buffer requirement. 
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 (Decree No. 193), implementing the 
BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 (Decree 
no. 180) and the Italian Banking Act. 
The provisions set forth in the Decree No. 193 includes, among other things: 
(i) 
Changes to the MREL regulatory framework 
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory framework 
regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is calculated, to the provisions set forth in BRRD II. 
In particular, the amended version of Decree No. 180 clearly envisages that MREL shall be determined by the 
Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria: 
(a) 
the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate to 
meet the resolution’s objectives; 
(b) 
the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate group 
subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-in tool or 
write- down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, looses could be absorbed 
and that it is possibile to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage ratio to a level 
necessary to enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for authorisation, according to the 
regulatory framework currently in force, even if the resolution plan envisages the possibility for certain 
classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in or to be transferred in full to a recipient under 
a partial transfer;

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
(c) 
the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
(d) 
the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, due to 
the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of the financial 
system. 
(ii) 
New ranking for subordinated instruments of banks which do not qualify as own fund 
Article 91 of the Banking Law has been modified by Decree No. 193 to transpose into the Italian legislative 
framework the provisions envisaged by Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. 
In particular, according to the amended version of Article 91, subordinated instruments which do not qualify 
(and no part thereof is recognized) as own funds items shall rank senior to own funds items (including any 
instruments only partly recognized as own funds items) and junior to senior non-preferred instruments. 
Moreover, if own funds items cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own 
funds items but junior to senior non-preferred instruments. 
The abovementioned provisions also applies to instruments issued before the entrance into force of Decree No. 
193, such as 1 December 2021. 
(iii) 
New minimum denomination requirement 
Article 12-ter of the Italian Banking Act, introduced by Decree No. 193, provides for the determination of a 
minimum unit value for bonds and debt securities issued by banks or investment firms equal to Euro 200,000 
for subordinated bonds and other subordinated securities or Euro 150,000 for senior non-preferred debt 
instruments (“strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello”). 
Any contracts entered into with non-professional investors and relating to investment services having as their 
object the instruments referred to in Article 12-ter of the Italian Banking Act issued after 1 December 2021, 
that do not respect the minimum unit value, shall be declared as null and void (Article 25-quarter of the 
Financial Services Act, as amended by Decree No. 193). 
Without prejudice to the restrictions outlined above on the sale to retail investors, the ban previously in force 
on the placement of Senior Non Preferred debt instruments with non-qualified investors has been repealed by 
Article 5 of Decree No. 193. 
As the BRRD II has only recently been implemented in Italy and other Member States, there is uncertainty as 
to the effects of its application in practice.  
Also, certain provisions of the BRRD II remain subject to regulatory technical standards and implementing 
technical standards to be prepared by the European Banking Authority. In addition to the BRRD II, it is 
possible that the application of other relevant laws, the CRD V and the CRR II and any amendments thereto 
or other similar regulatory proposals, including proposals by the FSB on cross-border recognition of resolution 
actions, could be used in such a way as to result in the Notes absorbing losses in the manner described above. 
Any actions by the relevant resolution authority pursuant to the powers granted to it as a result of the 
transposition of the BRRD, as amended by the BRRD II, or other measures or proposals relating to the 
resolution of financial institutions, may adversely affect the rights of holders of the Notes, the price or value 
of an investment in the Notes and/or the Issuer’s ability to satisfy its obligations under the Notes.  
The Single Resolution Mechanism  
On 19 August 2014, SRM Regulation entered into force. The SRM Regulation became operational on 1 January 
2016. There are, however, certain provisions including those concerning the preparation of resolution plans 
and provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB with national resolution authorities, which entered into 
force on 1 January 2015. The SRM Regulation was subsequently updated with the Banking Reform Package

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
in June 2019. The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM, applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. 
It will mainly consist of the SRB and the SRF. 
SRM II Regulation amends the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization of credit 
institutions and investment firms. 
The Single Resolution Mechanism framework ensures that, instead of national resolution authorities, there will 
be a single authority – i.e. the SRB – which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks being 
supervised by the SSM and part of the Eurozone. In line with the changes to BRRD II described above, revisions 
to the provisions of the SRM Regulation (in relation to MREL) are due to change in due course. 
In such a context, it is worth to mention the process to review - started by the European Commission in 
November 2020 – the “Crisis Management and Deposit Insurance” framework. Following this revision, new 
and different legal and regulatory requirements may apply to the Group, in particular the intention of the 
European legislator is to amend the BRRD, the SRM Regulation and the “Deposit Guarantee Schemes 
Directive”. 
Voluntary Scheme 
FinecoBank joined the voluntary scheme (the Voluntary Scheme), introduced by the “Italian Interbank 
Deposit Guarantee Fund” in November 2015 through a change to its by-laws.  
The Voluntary Scheme provides for a maximum amount of €795 million to be used to support interventions 
in favour of small banks in difficulty and subject to extraordinary administration procedure, in case of concrete 
recovery perspectives and for the purpose of avoiding higher burdens for the banking system consequent to 
liquidation or resolution interventions. Such resources are not immediately paid by adhering banks, which 
simply undertake to disburse them upon request on occasion of specific interventions, up to such maximum 
amount. The FinecoBank Group adhered to the voluntary scheme and accordingly committed its share of the 
maximum amount.  
From 2016 to 2022 the Voluntary Scheme intervened in favour of some banks, in particular Cassa di Risparmio 
di Cesena, Cassa di Risparmio di Rimini, Cassa di Risparmio di San Miniato, Banca Carige, Banca Popolare 
di Bari and AIGIS Banca. 
With regard to the above mentioned interventions, FinecoBank contributed with monetary payments which 
have led to the recognition of equity instruments (classified as “available for sale” based on IAS 39 until the 
end of 2017 and subsequently from 1 January 2018 as “Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss: 
c) other financial assets mandatorily at fair value” according to the current accounting standard IFRS 9). 
As at 30 September 2022, there was no exposure left in equity instruments deriving from the aforementioned 
contributions paid by FinecoBank. 
Measures to counter the impact of the "COVID-19" virus 
European and national authorities have undertaken several measures to support the banking and financial 
market to counter the economic effects of COVID-19. 
On 10 March 2020, through an addendum to the 2019 credit agreement between the Italian Banking 
Association (“Associazione Bancaria Italiana”) and the business associations, the possibility of requesting 
suspension or extension was extended to loans granted until 31 January 2020. The moratorium refers to loans 
to micro, small and medium-sized companies affected by the COVID-19 outbreak. The capital portion of loan 
repayment instalments may be requested to be suspended for up to one year, later extended until 30 June 2021. 
The suspension is applicable to medium/long-term loans (mortgages), including those concluded through the 
issue of agricultural loans, and to property or business assets leasing transactions. In the latter case, the 
suspension concerns the implicit capital instalments of the leasing. On 21 April 2020, through an agreement

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
entered into with the consumer associations, the moratorium was extended to credit to households, including 
the suspension of the principal portion of mortgage-backed loans and unsecured loans repayable in instalments. 
These measures have not been further prorogated by Law no. 234 of 30 December 2021 and will then expire 
once the small and medium-size companies, which had benefited from the moratorium, have repaid the 
relevant loans. 
On 11 March 2020, ESMA, considering the spread of COVID-19 and its impact on the EU financial markets, 
issued four recommendations in the following areas: (1) business continuity planning, (2) market disclosure, 
(3) financial reporting and (4) fund management. 
(a) 
Business Continuity Planning: ESMA has recommended all financial market participants to be ready 
to apply their contingency plans to ensure operational continuity in line with regulatory obligations. 
(b) 
Market disclosure: issuers should disclose as soon as possible any relevant significant information 
concerning the impacts of COVID-19 on their fundamentals, prospects or financial situation in 
accordance with their transparency obligations under the Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 (MAR), as a 
disclosure obligation contained in Article 17, paragraph 1 of the MAR, pursuant to which issuers are 
required to disclose to the public without delay any inside information directly concerning them. 
(c) 
Financial reporting: ESMA has recommended issuers to provide transparency on the actual and 
potential impacts of COVID-19, to the extent possible based on both a qualitative and quantitative 
assessment on their business activities, financial situation and economic performance in their 2019 
year-end financial report if these have not yet been finalised or otherwise in their interim financial 
reporting disclosures. 
(d) 
Fund Management: ESMA has encouraged fund managers to continue to apply the requirements on 
risk management and to react accordingly. 
The ECB, at its monetary policy meeting held on 12 March 2020, decided to adopt a comprehensive set of 
monetary policy measures, consisting of three key elements: first, safeguarding liquidity conditions in the 
banking system through a series of favourably-priced longer term refinancing operations (the so-called 
“LTROs”); second, protecting the continued flow of credit to the real economy through a fundamental 
recalibration of the third series of targeted longer term refinancing operations (i.e. TLTRO III); and, third, 
preventing tightening of financing conditions for the economy in a pro-cyclical way via an increase in the asset 
purchase programme (the so-called “APP”). 
Since the adoption of the abovementioned decision, the parameters and the conditions of the TLTRO III have 
been recalibrated on several occasions, as considered necessary and appropriate in light of the risks to the price 
stability, the monetary policy transmission mechanism and the economic outlook in the euro area. Thus, 
TLTRO III, as adjusted when warranted, have played a key role in maintaining price stability, in particular 
throughout the acute phase of the pandemic period, by preserving favourable financing conditions in a 
disinflationary environment and supporting the accommodative stance of monetary policy necessary to address 
the severe downside risks to the economy and price stability. Therefore, over the pandemic period, the ECB 
granted exceptionally favourable financing conditions to participating credit institutions through TLTRO III, 
with a view to sustaining lending to the real economy at a time of intense stress.  
Recently, a significant upward revision in the outlook for medium-term inflation (since the end of 2021) as 
well as in 2022 an unexpected high increase of energy costs, supply deficiencies and trade disruption, mainly 
due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, caused a material rise in inflation which call for a reassessment of the 
appropriate monetary policy stance.  
As part of this re-evaluation package, on 27 October 2022, the Governing Council adopted decision no. 
2022/2128 (ECB Decision No. 2128), whereby it decided that from 23 November 2022 until the maturity date 
or early repayment date of each outstanding TLTRO III operations (TLTRO III Operations), the interest rate

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
on TLTRO III Operations will be indexed to the average applicable key ECB interest rates over this period 
and no more over the entire life of the program tranche. The measures laid down by ECB Decision No. 2128 
have modified the TLTRO III program in a more restrictive way by removing almost all remuneration 
incentives and resulted in a sharp worsening of the funding rate and thus ECB introduced a new early 
repayment window on the date of the change effectiveness to allow banks to exit the program before relative 
conditions change.  
As of 30 September 2022, the Issuer had two TLTRO III Operations outstanding with the ECB: the first 
performed in December 2020 (2020 TLTRO III Operation) and the second in March 2021 (2021 TLTRO 
III Operation). The overall FinecoBank’s TLTRO III exposure as of 30 September 2022 was worth  €1,045 
million as  the 2020 TLTRO III Operation amounts to €950 million expiring on December 2023 and the 2021 
TLTRO III Operation amounts to €95 million expiring on March 2024. In this regard, in November 2022, 
benefiting from an early repayment date FinecoBank has fully early repaid both tranches of the program for a 
total of €1.045 million, bringing its total exposure to €0. 
As FinecoBank has repaid the 2020 TLTRO III Operation and the 2021 TLTRO III Operation in full and, as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, has no further TLTRO III Operations outstanding with the ECB, the Issuer 
would not bear any potential adverse impact the changes introduced by the ECB Decision No. 2128 may cause 
on participating credit institutions. 
The Governing Council also decided to add a temporary envelope of additional net asset purchases of €120 
billion until the end of the year, ensuring a strong contribution from the private sector purchase programmes. 
On 18 March 2020, this was followed by the announcement of the €750 billion Pandemic Emergency Purchase 
Program (PEPP), increased with a further €600 billion on 4 June 2020 and by €500 billion on December 2020, 
for a new total of €1,850 billion. Net asset purchases under the PEPP ended as of April 2022. On 15 December 
2022, the Governing Council reiterated its intention to reinvest the principal payments from maturing securities 
purchased under the programme until at least the end of 2024. In any case, the future roll-off of the PEPP 
portfolio will be managed to avoid interference with the appropriate monetary policy stance. 
On 12 March 2020, the ECB Banking Supervision leg, the SSM, published the first supervisory response to 
provide banks with a temporary capital and operational relief. According to the ECB statements: i) banks are 
allowed to operate temporarily below the level of capital defined by the Pillar 2 Guidance, the capital 
conservation buffer (CCB) and the LCR to release resources for financing households and undertakings; ii) 
the ECB encourages also national macroprudential authorities to relax the CCyB; iii) banks are allowed to 
partially use capital instruments that do not qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital to meet the P2R, 
for example Additional Tier 1 (AT1) or Tier 2 instruments; iv) banks will discuss with the ECB further individual 
measures, such as modified timetables, processes and deadlines (e.g. for on-site inspections or remedial actions); 
v) flexibility will be granted for the application of the ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans to 
adjust to bank's specific situation due to COVID-19. 
On 10 February 2022, the ECB publish a communication (the ECB Communication) whereby it announced 
to see no needs to allow banks to operate below the level of capital defined by their Pillar 2 Guidance beyond 
December 2022, nor to extend beyond March 2022 the supervisory measure that allow them to exclude central 
bank exposure from their leverage ratios. Therefore, banks are: (i) expected to operate above Pillar 2 Guidance 
from 1 January 2023; (ii) re-include central bank exposures in leverage ratio from 1 April 2022; and (iii) have 
ample headroom above capital and leverage ratio requirements.  
Among the various measures adopted by the Italian government to address the epidemiological emergency due 
to COVID-19 outbreak, on 17 March 2020 Law Decree No. 18 (Cura Italia Decree) was adopted. The Cura 
Italia Decree introduced special measures derogating from the ordinary proceeding of the Guarantee Fund for 
SMEs in order to simplify the requirements for access to the guarantee and strengthen the intervention of the 
Guarantee Fund for SMEs itself, as well as the possibility of transforming the DTA relating to losses that can 
be carried forward but not yet deducted and to the amount of the ACE (Aiuto alla Crescita Economica)

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
notional return exceeding the total net income, to the extent of 20 per cent. of the impaired loans sold by 31 
December 2020. 
On 20 March 2020, the ECB announced additional measures (in addition to those already undertaken on 12 
March 2020 on temporary capital and operational relief for banks) to ensure that its directly supervised banks 
can continue to fulfil their role to fund households and corporations amid the COVID-19 related economic 
shock to the global economy. The ECB published also a detailed FAQ on the measures adopted with the aim of 
updating it as needed. In particular, the ECB recommended to: 
• 
give banks further flexibility in prudential treatment of loans backed by public guarantees, by extending 
to them the preferential treatment foreseen in its guidance for non-performing lonas for loans guaranteed 
or insured; 
• 
encourage banks to avoid excessive procyclical effects when applying the IFRS 9 international 
accounting standard; 
• 
activate capital and operational relief measures announced on 12 March 2020. 
On 25 March 2020, the EBA and ESMA published detailed statements to address IFRS 9 accounting issues due 
to the COVID-19 outbreak and linked to the exceptional measures taken by banks and governments to address 
the situation, which affected compliance with the EBA guidelines on the definition of default (DoD) and 
forbearance/past-due classifications of loans. 
The EBA statement of 25 March 2020 explained the functioning of the prudential framework in relation to the 
exposures in default, the identification of forborne exposures and impaired exposures in accordance with IFRS 
9. In particular, EBA has clarified some additional aspects of the operation of the prudential framework 
concerning: 
• 
the classification of exposures in default; 
• 
the identification of forborne exposures; 
• 
the accounting treatment of the aforesaid exposures 
Specifically, the EBA repeated the concept of flexibility in the application of the prudential framework, 
clarifying that an exposure should not be automatically reclassified as (i) exposure in default, (ii) forborne 
exposure, or (iii) impaired exposure under International Financial Reporting Standard - IFRS9, in case of 
adoption of credit tolerance measures (such as debt moratorium) by national governments. 
The ESMA statement of 25 March 2020 provided guidance on the application of IFRS 9 (Financial 
Instruments) addressed to issuers and auditors with regard to the calculation of expected losses and related 
disclosure requirements, in particular, as regards the suspension (or deferral) of payments established for credit 
agreements (e.g. moratorium on debt) that impact the calculation of Expected Credit Loss (ECL) under the 
principles set forth in IFRS 9. On 20 May 2020, ESMA published a Public Statement addressing the 
implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on the half-yearly financial reports of listed issuers (the Public 
Statement). The Public Statement provided recommendations on areas of focus identified by ESMA and 
highlighted: i) the importance of providing relevant and reliable information, which may require issuers to make 
use of the time allowed by national law to publish half-yearly financial reports while not unduly delaying the 
timing of publication; ii) the importance of updating the information included in the latest annual accounts to 
adequately inform stakeholders of the impacts of COVID-19, in particular in relation to significant 
uncertainties and risks, going concern, impairment of non-financial assets and presentation in the statement of 
profit or loss; and iii) the need for entity-specific information on the past and expected future impact of COVID-
19 on the strategic orientation and targets, operations, performance of issuers as well as any mitigating actions 
put in place to address the effects of the pandemic. The Public Statement was conceived to be applicable also

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
to financial statements in other interim periods when IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting is applied. It called 
on the management, administrative and supervisory bodies, including audit committees, of issuers and, where 
applicable, their auditors, to take due consideration of the recommendations included within the statement. 
On 27 March 2020, the Basel Committee's oversight body, the Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of 
Supervision (GHOS), has deferred Basel III implementation to increase operational capacity of banks and 
supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact of the COVID-
19 on the global banking system. 
The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise the following changes to the implementation timeline of the 
outstanding Basel III standards: 
• 
the implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred by 
one year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor has also 
been extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
• 
the implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
• 
the implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 has 
been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 27 March 2020, the European Central Bank published a recommendation addressed to significant banks to 
refrain from paying dividends and from share buy-backs aimed at remunerating shareholders for the duration 
of the economic shock related to COVID-19. The ECB has decided to extend the recommendation on dividends 
until 1 January 2021 with the new Recommendation ECB/2020/35 that repeals the previous Recommendation 
ECB 2020/19 of 27 March 2020. 
On 15 December 2020, the ECB recommended that banks exercise extreme prudence on dividends and share 
buy-backs. To this end, the ECB asked all banks to consider not distributing any cash dividends or conducting 
share buy-backs, or to limit such distributions, until 30 September 2021. Given the persisting uncertainty over 
the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the ECB expects dividends and share buy-backs to remain 
below 15 per cent. of the cumulated profit for 2019-2020 and not higher than 20 basis points of the CET1 ratio. 
Banks that intend to pay dividends or buy back shares need to be profitable and have robust capital trajectories. 
They are expected to contact their joint supervisory team to discuss whether the level of intended distribution 
is prudent. The recommendation remained valid until the end of September 2021. On 23 July 2021, the ECB 
decided not to extend dividend recommendation beyond September 2021 with the new Recommendation 
ECB/2021/31. In particular, the ECB considered that the reduced economic uncertainty allows the supervisory 
assessment of the prudence of bank’s plans to distribute dividends and conduct share buybacks on an individual 
basis with a careful forward-looking assessment of capital plans in the context of the normal supervisory cycle. 
On 1 April 2020 the ECB provided banks with further clarifications on the use of forecasts for the Expected 
Credit Loss (ECL) calculations under IFRS 9, after having invited banks to opt, if not done before, for applying 
the IFRS 9 five-year transitional arrangements included in the CRR to mitigate the First Time Application 
(FTA) capital impact of the new accounting principle. 
On 2 April 2020, the EBA published more detailed guidance on the criteria to be fulfilled by legislative and non-
legislative moratoria applied before 30 June 2020. The Guidelines acknowledged that Member States have 
implemented a broad range of support measures in order to minimise the medium- and long-term economic 
impacts of the efforts taken to contain the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of this, the EBA Guidelines clarify 
several aspects of payment moratoria, such as that they do not automatically trigger the classification as 
forborne or distressed restructuring if the measures taken are based on the applicable national law or on an 
industry or sector-wide private initiative agreed and applied broadly by the relevant credit institutions. In June 
2020, the EBA further extended the application date of its guidelines by three months, from until 30 September

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
2020, and on the 21 September, communicated its phasing-out. However, on 2 December 2020 the guidelines 
were reactivated until 31 March 2021. 
On 29 January 2021, the EBA published the "Report on the implementation of selected COVID-19 policies", 
which contains a series of clarifications in the form of questions and answers (Q&A) on the interpretation of 
the EBA Guidelines, in particular with regard to the overall duration of the deferred payment to fall within the 
scope of the EBA Guidelines on moratoriums. However, the clarifications did not concern the hypothesis in 
which the moratorium pursuant to law, even if granted before 31 September, was extended for more than 9 
months due to a subsequent law. 
In continuity with the Cura Italia Decree, Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (Liquidity Decree) was issued, 
a further measure deemed necessary to support Italian entrepreneurship. The Liquidity Decree, in addition to 
providing an additional guarantee managed by SACE Simest (SACE), a company of the Cassa Depositi e 
Prestiti S.p.A. group, aims to further strengthen the Guarantee Fund for SMEs by redrawing its rules for 
accessing, by including also companies with no more than 499 employees and professionals, as well as 
increasing the guarantee coverage percentages already provided by Article 49 of the Cura Italia Decree 
(provision that is repealed). In the wake of the latter provision, the Liquidity Decree makes further exceptions 
to the ordinary rules of the guarantee fund for SMEs, which will be applicable until 31 December 2020. The 
Government extended such measures until 30 June 2022. 
On 28 April 2020, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for amending the CRR to ease 
banking activity during the COVID-19 emergency and ensure the flow of loans to households and businesses. 
The measures, both temporary and exceptional, have been promoted to mitigate the immediate impact of 
COVID-19 related developments, and they imply: 
• 
the reintroduction of prudential filters to manage the current situations of strong turbulence in the 
markets and to neutralize the effects of losses and gains on the value of debt securities held in the 
portfolio available for sale as if the securities were valued at cost instead of at fair value; 
• 
a temporary approach to market risk in order to allow supervisors to implement appropriate measures 
to avoid automatic increases in the quantitative addendum (in particular over the period January 2020 
and December 2021); 
• 
more favourable treatment of government guarantees granted during the crisis, aligning the calendar 
provisioning applied to positions with government guarantees with the calendar provisioning applied 
to credits guaranteed by export credit agencies; 
• 
early application of certain measures provided for in CRR II: i) extension of the SME supporting 
factor; ii) introduction of the infrastructure supporting factor; iii) improved weighting calibration for 
loans guaranteed by salary/pension share disposals; iv) improved prudential treatment of software; 
• 
an adaptation of the timeline of the application of international accounting standards to banks' capital 
(IFRS9 phase-in arrangements); 
• 
the postponement of the date of application of the additional reserve requirement for the leverage ratio 
of systemic banks (“G-SIB buffer”); 
• 
a change in the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio; 
• 
the introduction of a transitional regime for EU Sovereign exposures in the currency of another EU 
Member State.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
Following the positive vote of the plenary session of the European Parliament (19 June 2020), the so-called 
“CRR Quick-Fix” has been published in the European Official Journal on 26 June and has entered into force 
the following day (27 June 2020). 
On 19 May 2020, the Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 (the Decreto Rilancio) was published in the Official 
Journal, introducing urgent measures in the areas of healthcare, work and economic support, as well as social 
policies, related to the epidemiological emergency caused by COVID-19. 
Such decree has been signed in the Law No. 77/2020. It introduced some provisions (valid until 31 December 
2020) which are aimed at strengthening SME's capital, thus preventing their insolvency risk. Particular 
reference is made to two public tools: “Patrimonio PMI” fund, which is aimed at subscribing new bonds issued 
by SME corporates with €10 million turnover, which have been impacted by COVID-19 a turnover reduction 
of 33 per cent. in April and May 2020 (two tax credits are granted to other investors <20 per cent. of the 
investment> in such corporates, and to the corporates above indicated which have suffered losses <50 per cent. 
of the losses which exceed the 10 per cent. of the Net worth, but in the limit of the 30 per cent. of the capital 
increase>); and the so-called “Patrimonio rilancio” (dedicated assets within CDP) which is aimed at 
subscribing new bonds (mainly convertible bonds) and shares in order to support the real economy. 
In August 2020 the Government approved the Law Decree 14 August 2020, No. 104, converted into Law 13 
October 2020, No. 126 containing several urgent measures in support of health, work and economy, linked to 
the COVID-19 emergency. The measures introduced by the Law regard the extension of the moratorium for 
SME until 31 January 2021 (formerly 30 September 2020) and, for tourist sector, until 31 March 2021. Such 
prorogation operate automatically, unless expressly waived by the beneficiary company. They also provide 
technical changes to the possibility (Article 55, Law Decree Cura Italia No. 18/2020) to convert the DTAs into 
tax credits (application to special regimes, such as consolidated and transparency). The decree above 
mentioned also widens the scope of the public guarantee, too, extending the FCG guarantee scope to companies 
which already got a prorogation of the guarantee due to temporary difficulties of the beneficiary and including 
financial intermediation and holding financial assets activities in the 30k guaranteed loans. It also extends 
SACE guarantee scope also to companies admitted to the arrangement procedure with business continuity (or 
certified plans and restructuring agreements) if their exposures are not classifiable as non-performing 
exposures (at the date of submission of the application), they don't present amounts in arrears and the lender 
can reasonably assume the full repayment of the exposure at maturity. 
In October and November 2020, the Council of Ministers approved the "Relieves" Law Decree (Law Decree 
28 October 2020, No. 137) and the "Relieves 2" Law Decree (Law Decree 9 November 2020, No.149) which 
provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support to workers and production sectors, justice 
and safety linked to COVID-19 epidemic. Main measures introduced by the Law are a non- refundable aid for 
enterprises whose sectors have been restricted and the prorogation of "rental" Tax credit to October-December 
period and extension to enterprises with turnover exceeding €5 million and which have had a 50 per cent. 
reduction of turnover. In March 2021, the Council of Ministers approved the "Support" Law Decree (Law 
Decree 22 March 2021, No. 41) which provides further urgent measure regarding health protection, support to 
workers and production sectors linked to COVID-19 pandemic. Such decree introduces a new non-refundable 
aid for enterprises and professionals which have had a 30 per cent. reduction of turnover. 
Finally, among the measures adopted in response to the COVID-19 emergency, we recall the Capital Markets 
Recovery Package proposal (so-called "quick fix") published by the European Commission in July, which 
proposes targeted amendments to the MiFID, the Prospectus Regulation as well as the Securitization 
Regulation. The package aimed to provide European economies with some relief to face the crisis emerging 
from the COVID-19 pandemic.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding Italian taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law and interpretation occurring after such date, which changes 
could be made on a retroactive basis. 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which 
may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons 
and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which 
(such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to additional or special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons are advised to consult their own tax advisors 
concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons. This summary 
will not be updated to reflect changes in laws or interpretation and if such a change occurs the information in 
this summary may become invalid. 
In any case, Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same English 
term as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed by using the 
relevant Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English terms 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
In this Italian Taxation section any reference to (i) the Notes includes also the Coupons and the Receipts and 
(ii) the Noteholders includes also the Couponholders and the Receiptholders, where the context so admits. 
Italian tax treatment of proceeds payable under the Notes 
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities in Resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, the Italian tax consequences 
of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Notes may be different depending on whether: 
(a) 
they represent a securitised debt claim, implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through 
which the subscriber of the Notes transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of capital for the purpose of 
obtaining a remuneration on the same capital and subject to the right to obtain its (partial or entire) 
reimbursement at maturity; or 
(b) 
they represent a securitised derivative financial instrument or bundle of derivative financial 
instruments not entailing a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through which the subscriber of the 
Notes invests indirectly in underlying financial instruments for the purpose of obtaining a profit 
deriving from the negotiation of such underlying financial instruments. 
Italian tax treatment of interest and proceeds payable under Notes qualifying as bonds or debentures similar 
to bonds implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale) 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended and supplemented (Decree No. 239) 
sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including 
the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as 
Interest) deriving from notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds 
(titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by Italian banks. 
For this purpose, pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and 
supplemented (Decree No. 917) bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) are securities that: 
(a) 
incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or maturity, an amount not lower than 
their nominal value;

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
(b) 
attribute to the holders no direct or indirect right to control or participate in the management of the 
issuer or in the management of the business in respect of which the notes have been issued; and 
(c) 
do not provide for a remuneration which is entirely linked to the profits of the issuer, or other 
companies belonging to the same group or to the business in respect of which the securities have been 
issued. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree No. 239 also applies to Interest from regulatory capital financial instruments 
(other than shares and assimilated instruments) complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued 
by, inter alia, Italian banks as set out by Article 2, paragraph 22, of Law Decree No. 138 of 13 August 2011, 
as converted with amendments by Law No. 148 of 14 September 2011 and as further amended and clarified 
by Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013, and by Article 9 of Law Decree No. 34 of 30 April 2019 converted 
into Law No. 58 of 28 June 2019. 
Italian resident Noteholders  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is the beneficial owner of Interest payments under the Notes and is: 
(i) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; 
(ii) 
a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or a società in accomandita semplice or a similar 
partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities; 
(iii) 
a non-commercial private or public institution (other than a company), a trust not carrying out mainly 
or exclusively commercial activities or the Italian State or other pubic and territorial entity; 
(iv) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
Interest deriving from the Notes and accrued during the relevant holding period is subject to a substitutive tax, 
referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or obtained by 
the holder upon disposal of the Notes), unless the relevant Noteholder holds the Notes in a discretionary 
investment portfolio managed by an authorized intermediary and, under certain conditions, has validly opted 
for the application of the risparmio gestito regime provided for by Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 
461 of November 21, 1997 (Decree No. 461) (see “Capital gains tax” below). 
Where the resident holders of the Notes described above under (i) to (iii) above are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.  
Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and will be subject to 
Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a credit that can be offset 
against the income tax due. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest 
relating to the Notes may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva) if the Noteholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social 
security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 and the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are deposited with 
an Intermediary (as defined below), Interest from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva but must 
be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate 
taxation (IRES) and, in certain circumstances, depending on the status of the Noteholder, also to regional tax 
on productive activities (IRAP).

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
Payments of Interest deriving from the Notes made to Italian resident real estate investment funds and Italian 
resident real estate investment companies with fixed capital (SICAF, i.e. società di investimento a capitale 
fisso) (the Real Estate Funds) complying with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements and subject to 
the regime provided for by, inter alia, Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 and/or Law Decree No. 44 
of 4 March 2014, each as amended, are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in 
the hands of such Real Estate Funds, provided that the Notes are timely deposited with an Intermediary (as 
defined below).  Subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders of the Real Estate 
Fund and income realised by the unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or 
shares in the Real Estate Fund may be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent..  
Moreover, subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and the percentage of its 
participation, income realised by Real Estate Funds may be attributed to the relevant investors and subject to 
tax in their hands irrespective of its actual collection and in proportion to the percentage of ownership of units 
or shares on a tax transparency basis. 
Where the Italian resident Noteholder is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (other than a Real 
Estate Fund), an investment company with fixed capital (SICAF, i.e. società di investimento a capitale fisso, 
other than a Real Estate Fund) or an investment company with variable capital (SICAV, i.e. società di 
investimento a capitale variabile) (together, the Funds) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to 
the supervision of a regulatory authority and the Notes are deposited with an Intermediary (as defined below), 
payments of Interest on such Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
management results of the Fund.  The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding 
tax of 26 per cent. may in certain circumstances apply to distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders or in case of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Fund. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an Intermediary (as defined 
below), payments of Interest relating to the Notes accrued during the holding period will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax 
period to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at 
the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the Notes).  Subject to certain 
conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, investment companies (società di 
intermediazione mobiliare, SIMs), fiduciary companies, management companies (società di gestione del 
risparmio), stock brokers and other qualified entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (together 
the Intermediaries and each an Intermediary).  An Intermediary must (a) be (i) resident in Italy, (ii) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident Intermediary or (iii) an entity or a company not 
resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with 
the Italian tax authorities having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239, and 
(b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the 
Notes.  For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment 
or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant 
Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary meeting the requirements under (a) and (b) above, 
imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary paying Interest to the holders of the 
Notes or, absent that, by the Issuer and gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to 
deduct the suffered imposta sostitutiva from income taxes due.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders  
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies, provided that the non-Italian resident 
Noteholder is the beneficial owner of relevant Interest (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to 
be beneficial owners by operation of law) and is: 
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with 
Italy listed in the list provided for by Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 September 1996, as amended 
from time to time (possibly further amended by future Ministerial Decrees to be issued under Article 
11, paragraph 4, let. c) of Decree No. 239) (the White List); or 
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
a central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or 
(d) 
an institutional investor which is established in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with Italy listed in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer therein. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders above must: 
(a) 
deposit, in due time, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or a SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or 
company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via 
computer, with the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance having appointed an Italian 
representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239 (Euroclear and Clearstream qualify as such latter 
kind of depositary); and 
(b) 
file with the relevant depository a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until 
withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable 
exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not required for international bodies or 
entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor 
in case of foreign central banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as 
subsequently amended. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
Interest payments to such non resident holder of the Notes. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. (or at the reduced rate provided for by the 
applicable double tax treaty, if any, and subject to timely filing of the required documentation) in respect to 
Interest accrued in the hands of Noteholders who are resident, for tax purposes, in countries which do not allow 
for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy not included in the White List. 
Atypical securities implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale) 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to be bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) under Article 44 of Decree No. 917 and qualify as titoli atipici 
(“atypical securities”) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended (Decree 
No. 512), may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. For this purpose, bonds or 
debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or 
maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and which do not grant the holder any direct or indirect 
right of participation to (or control of) the management of the issuer.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
Where the holder of the Notes is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (c) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an Italian commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial 
private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax.  In all other cases the 
withholding tax is a final withholding tax.  For non-Italian resident holders of the Notes, the withholding tax 
rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty (to the extent the conditions for its application are met). 
The withholding is levied by the Italian intermediary intervening in the collection of the relevant income or in 
the negotiation or repurchasing of the Notes. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income taxation, 
including the above mentioned withholding tax on Interest relating to the Notes which qualify as titoli atipici, 
1983, if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a 
lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time 
to time. 
Capital gains tax applicable to Notes implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale) 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or a società 
in accomandita semplice or a similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial 
activities, or (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution (other than a company), a trust not carrying 
out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or 
redemption of the Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva provided for by Decree No. 461, levied at 
the rate of 26 per cent..  Under certain conditions and limitations Noteholders may set off capital gains with 
their capital losses. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain (redditi diversi), any Interest on the Notes accrued 
and unpaid up to the time of the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the sale price. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above may opt for one of the 
three regimes described below:  
(i) 
under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the standard regime for 
taxation of capital gains realised by Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, imposta sostitutiva on capital 
gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital 
loss of the same kind, realised by the relevant investor holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given 
tax year.  The relevant Noteholder must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net 
of any relevant incurred capital loss of the same kind, in the annual tax return and pay imposta 
sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance of income tax due for such year.  Capital losses in 
excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four 
succeeding tax years;  
(ii) 
as an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the 
imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the 
risparmio amministrato regime provided for by article 6 of Decree No. 461).  Such separate taxation 
of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain 
authorised financial intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
intermediaries) and (ii) a valid express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely 
made in writing by the relevant Noteholder.  The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in 
respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, 
and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds 
provided by the Noteholder for this purpose.  Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale 
or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted only from capital gains 
subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following 
tax years up to the fourth.  Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required 
to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return; or 
(iii) 
any capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have 
validly opted for the so called risparmio gestito regime provided for by Article 7 of Decree No. 461 
will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, 
even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing 
authorised intermediary.  Under the risparmio gestito regime, any decrease in value of the managed 
assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against any increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years.  The Noteholder is not required to declare the capital 
gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from 
Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or 
redemption of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Any capital gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
income for IRES purposes and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as 
part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes, if realised by an Italian company or a similar 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are 
connected), an Italian resident commercial partnership or an Italian resident individual engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected.  
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund. Subsequent distributions made in 
favour of unitholders or shareholders of the Real Estate Fund and income realised by the unitholders or 
shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Real Estate Fund may be subject, 
in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.. Moreover, subject to certain conditions, 
depending on the status of the investor and the percentage of its participation, income realised by Real Estate 
Funds may be attributed to the relevant investors and subject to tax in their hands irrespective of its actual 
collection and in proportion to the percentage of ownership of units or shares on a tax transparency basis. 
Any capital gains realised by an Italian Noteholder that is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the relevant tax period which is 
exempt from income tax. Subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders and income 
realised by the unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Fund 
may be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Notes may

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva may in certain circumstances be payable on any capital gains realised upon 
sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held or deemed to be held 
in Italy. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets in Italy or 
abroad are neither subject to the imposta sostitutiva nor to any other Italian income tax (subject to timely filling 
of required documentation (in particular, a self-declaration stating that the Noteholder is not resident in Italy 
for tax purposes) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
intermediaries) with which the Notes are deposited).  The Italian tax authorities have clarified that the notion 
of multilateral trading facility (MTF) under MiFID II can be assimilated to that of “regulated market” for 
income tax purposes; conversely, organized trading facilities (OTF), not falling in the definition of MTF under 
MiFID II, cannot be assimilated to “regulated market” for Italian income tax purposes.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of the Notes not traded on regulated 
markets are not subject to imposta sostitutiva provided that the Noteholder is the beneficial owner of the capital 
gain (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law) and is (i) 
resident for tax purposes in a country included in the White List; or (ii) an international entity or body set up 
in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy; or (iii) a central bank or an entity which manages, 
inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) an institutional investor which is established in a 
country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of 
establishment, in any case, to the extent all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and 
in the relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from 
imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time, if applicable.  In this case, if the non Italian 
Noteholders have opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or the risparmio gestito regime, exemption 
from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in due course with the authorised financial 
intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirements 
indicated above. 
If none of the conditions described above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders 
from the sale or redemption of the Notes not traded on regulated markets and deemed to be held in Italy may 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent..   
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit from a double tax treaty with Italy providing that capital 
gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of 
the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or 
redemption of the Notes provided all the conditions for its application are met.  In this case, if the non-Italian 
resident Noteholders have opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or the risparmio gestito regime, 
exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon the condition that they file in due course with the 
authorised financial intermediary appropriate documents which include, inter alia, a statement issued by the 
competent tax authorities of the country of residence of the non Italian Noteholders.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
Italian tax treatment of proceeds payable under Notes qualifying as derivative financial instruments 
Based on the principles stated by the Italian tax authorities in Resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, payments 
in respect of Notes qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments not entailing a "use of capital" 
(impiego di capitale) as well as capital gains realised through the sale of the same Notes would be subject to 
Italian taxation according to the same rules described under the section headed "Capital gains tax" above. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to registration tax as follows: (a) public deeds and 
notarised deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) are subject to a fixed registration tax of €200; (b) 
private deeds (scritture private non autenticate) are subject to registration tax only in case of voluntary 
registration, explicit reference (enunciazione) or case of use (caso d'uso). 
Inheritance and gift taxes  
Pursuant to Law No. 346 of 31 October 1990 and Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as subsequently 
amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including the Notes) as a result of gift, donation or succession of 
Italian residents and non-Italian residents (but in such latter case limited to assets held within the Italian 
territory – which, for presumption of law, includes bonds issued by Italian resident issuers) are subject to 
Italian inheritance and gift taxes as follows: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of the spouse and direct descendants or ascendants are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each 
beneficiary, €1,000,000;  
(ii) 
transfers in favour of the brothers or sisters are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate 
of 6 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000;  
(iii) 
transfers in favour of all other relatives up to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law up to the third 
degree, are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of 
the inheritance or the gift; and 
(iv) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. 
on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above 
in (i), (ii) and (iii) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, a threshold of €1,500,000.  
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Notes) as a result of death is exempt from inheritance tax 
when such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
Stamp duties on financial instruments 
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, as 
amended (Decree 642), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting 
communications which may be sent by an Italian based financial intermediary to its clients in respect of any 
financial product and instrument (including the Notes) which may be deposited with such financial 
intermediary in Italy.  The stamp duty is collected by the Italian resident financial intermediaries and applies 
at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed Euro 14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals.  This stamp duty 
is determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market value figure is available, on the basis of face 
value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the basis of 
purchase value of the financial assets held.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments for which it 
is not mandatory the deposit, the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less 
than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, 
the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy 
on 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an entity that exercises in any form 
a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and to non-Italian resident investors, to the extent that the relevant 
securities (including the Notes) are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary (and not directly held by 
the investor outside Italy), in which case Italian wealth tax (see below under “Wealth tax on financial products 
held abroad”) applies to Italian resident Noteholders only. 
Tax monitoring obligations  
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments by Law No. 227 of 
4 August 1990, as amended, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or 
similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes under 
certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income tax return the 
amount of investments directly or indirectly held abroad. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, 
are the beneficial owner of the instrument. 
No disclosure requirements exist, inter alia, for investments and financial activities (including the Notes) under 
management or administration entrusted to Italian resident intermediaries and for contracts concluded through 
their intervention, provided that the cash flows and the income derived from such activities and contracts have 
been subject to Italian withholding or substitute tax by the intermediaries themselves.  
Wealth tax on financial products held abroad 
In accordance with Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with amendments by Law 
No. 214 of 22 December 2011, as amended, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships 
(società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for 
tax purposes holding financial products – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are required to 
declare in their own annual tax return and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. (IVAFE).  For taxpayers 
other than individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
The tax applies on the market value at the end of the relevant year (or, if earlier, at the end of the holding 
period) or – in the lack of the market value – on the basis of face value or redemption value, or in the case the 
face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the basis of purchase value of the financial assets held 
outside of the Italian territory.  Taxpayers can generally deduct from the tax a tax credit equal to any wealth 
taxes paid in the State where the financial products are held (up to the amount of the Italian wealth tax due). 
Financial assets (including the Notes) held abroad are excluded from the scope of IVAFE if they are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the items of 
income derived from the such instruments have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. In this case, 
the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 does apply. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  The Issuer may be classified as foreign financial institution. 
A number of jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments 
that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  On 13 December 2018, 
the Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) issued Proposed Regulations (REG-132881-17) under 
FATCA, eliminating withholding on the payments of gross proceeds and deferring withholding on foreign 
passthru payments. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by 
reason of a substitution of the issuer).  However, if additional Notes that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT to be adopted in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, 
Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal was very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 13 February 2023, agreed with the Issuer 
a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.  In 
the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in certain 
transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The form of Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA 
is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be subject 
to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the 
issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Member State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to 
time. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed,

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that it undertakes to comply with applicable 
French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the 
distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the form of Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a 
consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to 
time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any application provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the Financial Services Act) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and the Italian Consolidated Banking Act; and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from 
time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 
Revised Edition) of  Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA;  
(ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA; or  
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 
2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets 
products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAAN16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 15 December 2022. 
Listing and admission to trading of Notes 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Central Bank of Ireland has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that is 
the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme 
during the 12 months from the date of the Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on 
its regulated market. However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree.  
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from https://about.finecobank.com/en/investors/fixed-
income/ :  
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(c) 
the most recent financial statements and interim accounts of the Issuer; and 
(d) 
any future Base Prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms and 
Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be 
available for inspection or collection by, or delivered via email to, a holder of such Note at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer or the Paying Agent, as applicable, as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the form of Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).  If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing 
system the appropriate information will be specified in the form of Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.   
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the form of Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the 
Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.   
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer since 30 
June 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Group 
since 31 December 2021.  
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus at pages 166 and 167, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the 
Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date 
of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors 
At the shareholders’ meeting of FinecoBank held on 16 April 2013, Deloitte was appointed to act as 
FinecoBank’s external auditor for the years from 31 December 2013 to 31 December 2021, pursuant to Article 
13, paragraph 1, of Legislative Decree No. 39/2010. 
Deloitte is a company incorporated under the laws of Italy, enrolled with the Companies’ Register of Milan 
under number 03049560166 and registered with the Register of Statutory Auditors (Registro dei Revisori 
Legali) maintained by Minister of Economy and Finance with registration number: 132587, having its 
registered office at Via Tortona 25, 20144 Milan, Italy. Deloitte’s independent auditors’ report on the Audited 
Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
At the Shareholders’ Meeting held on 28 April 2021, KPMG was appointed as auditor of the Issuer for the 
years 2022-2030. 
KPMG, is registered under No. 70623 in the Register of Accountancy Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali), 
held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance, in compliance with the provisions of the Legislative Decree of 
27 January 2010, No. 39. KPMG, which is located at Via Vittor Pisani, 25 20124 Milan, Italy, is also a member 
of ASSIREVI, the Italian association of auditing firms. KPMG’s independent auditors’ report on the Unaudited 
Consolidated First Half Financial Report as at 30 June 2022 is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Post-issuance information 
Save as set out in the Final Terms, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in 
relation to any issues of Notes. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including their holding companies) may have engaged and could in 
the future engage in commercial banking and/or investment activities with the Issuer and/or its affiliates and 
could, in the ordinary course of their business, provide services to the Issuer and/or to its affiliates. In addition, 
in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates (including their holding 
companies) may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates (including their 
holding companies) that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
(including their holding companies) would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices 
of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates (including their holding companies) 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. Furthermore, UniCredit, the parent company of UniCredit 
Bank AG (which acts in the role of Joint Arranger and Dealer), as of the date of this Base Prospectus, has 
several commercial, financial and operational relationships with the Issuer. In particular, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, UniCredit is (a) the issuer of the bonds in which a significant portion of FinecoBank’s 
liquidity is invested; and (b) the pledgor under the Pledge Agreement entered into in connection with 
FinecoBank’s exit from the UniCredit Group (see “Material Contracts” under section “Description of the 
Issuer”). 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to 
the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading 
on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
 
FinecoBank S.p.A. 
Piazza Durante 11 
20131 Milan 
Italy 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom  
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English and Italian law 
Allen & Overy – Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 25 
20124 Milan 
Italy

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
 
JOINT ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
UniCredit Bank AG 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Arabellastrasse 12 
75009 Paris 
81925 Munich 
France 
Germany 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
D02 T380 
Ireland