--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following notice before continuing. This notice applies to the attached base 
prospectus dated 19 March 2025 (the "Base Prospectus") following this page and you are therefore advised to read 
this page carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the Base Prospectus. In accessing the Base 
Prospectus, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions. 
NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER TO SELL OR A 
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER 
JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. 
THE SECURITIES DISCUSSED IN THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT 
BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), 
OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTION. THE 
SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION 
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S")) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM, 
OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES 
ACT. 
THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY U.S. 
PERSON OR U.S. ADDRESS. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A 
VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND/OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF 
YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING 
RESTRICTIONS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORISED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE 
SECURITIES DISCUSSED IN THE ATTACHED BASE PROSPECTUS. 
This electronic transmission does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer or solicitation of 
securities in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that any offering 
of securities be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Arranger and the Dealer(s) (each as defined in the Base 
Prospectus) or any affiliate of the Arranger or the Dealer(s) is a licensed broker or dealer in the relevant jurisdiction, 
the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or such affiliate on behalf of Fingrid Oyj (the 
"Issuer") in such jurisdiction. 
Confirmation of your representation: The attached Base Prospectus has been provided to you on the basis that you 
are a person into whose possession the attached Base Prospectus may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws 
of the jurisdiction in which you are located. In order to be eligible to view the attached Base Prospectus or make an 
investment decision with respect to the securities discussed therein, prospective investors must be non-U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S) located outside of the United States. By accessing the attached Base Prospectus, you shall be 
deemed to have represented to the Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers that (1) you have understood and agree to the 
terms set out herein, (2) you understand that delivery of the attached Base Prospectus is by electronic transmission, (3) 
you are not a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S) or acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. person 
and any electronic mail address that you have provided and to which the attached Base Prospectus may have been 
delivered by electronic transmission is not located in the United States, its territories and possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands) or in any State 
of the United States or the District of Columbia, (4) you have not duplicated, distributed, forwarded, transferred or 
otherwise transmitted, and will not duplicate, distribute, forward, transfer or otherwise transmit, the attached Base 
Prospectus in violation of the restrictions in this notice, and (5) if you are a person in the United Kingdom, then you 
are a person who has professional experience in matters relating to investments. If you are unable to agree and do not 
confirm each of the items above, then you will not be eligible to view the attached Base Prospectus or make an 
investment decision with respect to the securities on the basis of the information set out in the attached Base Prospectus, 
and any investment activity (including, but not limited to, any invitation, offer or agreement to subscribe, purchase or 
otherwise acquire any securities) to which the attached Base Prospectus relates will not be available to you, nor will it 
be engaged in with you.   
You are reminded that any investment decision as to any purchase of securities must be made solely on the basis of 
information contained in the attached Base Prospectus. No representation, warranty or undertaking is made hereby or 
is to be implied by any person as to the completeness, accuracy or fairness of the information contained in the attached 
Base Prospectus, and none of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers, or any of their respective affiliates, officers, 
employees or agents accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect hereof. 
The attached Base Prospectus is in electronic format. You are reminded that documents transmitted electronically may 
be altered or changed during the process of transmission and consequently none of the Issuer, nor any person who 
controls it, nor any director, officer, employee nor agent of it or affiliate of any such person, the Arranger, the Dealers 
or any of their respective affiliates accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference 
between the attached Base Prospectus delivered in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on 
request from the Issuer.

--- Page 2 ---
Base Prospectus dated 19 March 2025 
 
 
 
Fingrid Oyj 
€3,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus"), Fingrid Oyj (the "Issuer", "Fingrid" or the "Company"), subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue debt securities (the "Notes"). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval 
relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state (each a "Member 
State") of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months after the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated market 
(the "Market"). References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being "listed" (and all related references) 
shall mean that the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading on the 
Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"). 
The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in Member States of the EEA 
with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation (a "Certificate of Passporting"). 
Following provision of a Certificate of Passporting, the Issuer may make an application to the relevant 
competent authority for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed, admitted to trading and/or quoted 
on the regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II of any Member State, either together with a listing on 
the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or as a single listing. If any Notes issued under the Programme 
are to be listed, admitted to trading and/or quoted on the regulated market of any Member State in respect 
of which a Certificate of Passporting has been provided to the relevant competent authority of such Member 
State, this will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Programme has been rated A+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and AA- by Fitch 
Ratings Ltd ("Fitch"). The Issuer has been rated A+ from S&P and A+ from Fitch in respect of its long-
term public issuer credit rating.  
Tranches (as defined herein) of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Programme or to the Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating assigned to the Issuer, the Programme or the Notes is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in 
the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of

--- Page 3 ---
any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. See "Supplemental Prospectus" for further details. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger 
ING 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Danske Bank 
ING 
Nordea 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
SEB 
Swedbank

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined below). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor 
any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has 
been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries (the "Group") since the date hereof or 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there 
has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers, or any of their respective affiliates have independently verified the 
information contained herein or authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arranger, the Dealers, or any of their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes or any responsibility for any acts or 
omissions of the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. None of 
the Arranger or the Dealers accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
offering of the Notes or their distribution. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger 
or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger 
and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise 
(save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such 
statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis 
of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, 
the Dealers or the Arranger that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements 
should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements and its purchase of 
Notes should be based upon any such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the 
Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of 
the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in 
the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds 
The relevant Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer's intention 
to apply an amount which, at the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, is equal to the net proceeds of the issue 
of such Notes to finance and/or refinance specified green projects in accordance with certain prescribed 
eligibility criteria set out in the Issuer's Green Finance Framework dated 3 July 2023 (as amended, replaced 
or supplemented from time to time, the "Framework") ("Eligible Projects").  A prospective investor 
should have regard to the information set out, or referred to, in the Framework and determine for itself the

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
 
relevance of such information for the purpose of an investment in such Notes together with any other 
investigation it deems necessary. 
No assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer that such use of proceeds will satisfy any 
present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, 
in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any project or 
uses, the subject of or related to, the Framework. In addition, while it is the intention of the Issuer to apply 
an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds for Eligible Projects, there is no 
contractual obligation to do so.  There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Projects will be available 
or capable of being implemented in the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to 
use the proceeds for such Eligible Projects as intended. 
None of the Arranger or the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and 
sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (as defined in the risk factor "Notes issued 
as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets") or 
makes any representation or warranty or gives any assurance as to whether such Notes or Eligible Projects 
will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or 
similar labels (including but not limited to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework 
to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical screening 
criteria, the voluntary European Green Bond ("EuGB") label or the optional disclosures for bonds marketed 
as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds under Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 (the 
"EU Green Bond Regulation"), Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the 
financial services sector ("SFDR") and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar 
legislation in the United Kingdom (the "UK") or any market standards or guidance, including green, 
sustainable or social bond principles or other similar principles or guidance published by the International 
Capital Markets Association ("ICMA") (the "ICMA Principles") or any requirements relating to the 
allocation of such labels or market standards as they may evolve from time to time (see the risk factor 
"Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green 
assets").  None of the Arranger or the Dealers is responsible for (i) the use or allocation of proceeds for any 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, (ii) the impact, monitoring or reporting in respect of such use of proceeds or 
(iii) the alignment of the bond with the Framework or alignment of the Framework with the applicable 
ICMA Principles, nor (iv) do any of the Arranger or the Dealers undertake to ensure that there are at any 
time sufficient Eligible Projects to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of 
such Green Bonds in full. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Framework and the relevant 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their independent financial adviser or 
other professional adviser regarding its purchase of the Notes before deciding to invest. 
ISS ESG, the responsible investment arm of ISS Corporate Solutions, Inc., has issued an independent 
opinion, dated 7 July 2023, on the Framework (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, 
the "Compliance Opinion").  The Compliance Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and 
related considerations and is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact.  No representation or assurance 
is given as to the suitability or reliability of the Compliance Opinion or any opinion, report or certification 
of any third party (including any post-issuance reports prepared by an external reviewer) made available in 
connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds. The Compliance Opinion and any other such 
opinion, report or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of any 
investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or 
suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The Compliance 
Opinion and any other such opinion, report, certification or post-issuance report is not, nor should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Arranger or the Dealers, or any other person to buy, sell or hold 
any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued or amended. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the providers of such opinions, reports, certifications and post-issuance reports are not subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight (the EU Green Bond Regulation will introduce a 
supervisory regime of external reviewers of European Green Bonds, but this is not due to take full effect 
until 21 June 2026). Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, 
report, certification or post-issuance report and/or the information contained therein.   
The criteria and/or considerations that form the basis of the Compliance Opinion or any such other opinion, 
report or certification may change at any time and the Compliance Opinion may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. The Framework may also be subject to review and change and

--- Page 6 ---
- vi - 
 
 
may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent 
version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. None of the Framework, the 
Compliance Opinion nor any other such opinion, report or certification forms part of, or is incorporated by 
reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
In the event that any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated 
"green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities 
market, no representation or assurance is given that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or made by that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained or maintained during the life of the Notes. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer, sale or delivery of any Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), and may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to U.S. persons. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of any of the Issuer, 
the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
Suitability of Investment 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial or other professional advisers, 
whether it:  
(i)  
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
(ii)  
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment 
will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii)  
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor's financial 
activities are principally denominated;  
(iv)  
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and  
(v)  
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
Some Notes issued under the Programme may be complex financial instruments and such instruments may 
be purchased by investors as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, 
appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which 
are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a 
financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects 
on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio.

--- Page 7 ---
- vii - 
 
 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Product Governance under MiFID II 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a "retail investor" 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of

--- Page 8 ---
- viii - 
 
 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001  
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (as modified or amended from time to time, the 
"SFA"). If applicable, the Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification 
of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included in the relevant 
Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be calculated by 
reference to a Reference Rate (as defined in the conditions of the Notes). Any such Reference Rate may 
constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation"). If any such Reference Rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update 
the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Ratings 
The Programme has been rated A+ by S&P and AA- by Fitch. The Issuer has been rated A+ from S&P and 
A+ from Fitch in respect of its long-term public issuer credit rating. 
S&P is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 (as amended), on credit 
rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation").  S&P appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies 
on the ESMA website (http://www.esma.europa.eu). The rating S&P has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law 
of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Fitch is established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch appears on the list of registered credit rating agencies on 
UK FCA's Financial Services Register (https://register.fca.org.uk/s/).  The rating Fitch has given to the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which is established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the Programme or 
the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA

--- Page 9 ---
- ix - 
 
 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "Overview of the Programme - Method of Issue"), 
the Dealer or Dealers (if any) appointed as the stabilisation manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") 
(or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made 
and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Certain Definitions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€" or 
"euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Communities (as amended from time to time) and 
references to "U.S. Dollars" are to the currency of the United States of America. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 10 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 2 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 7 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 23 
SUPPLEMENTAL PROSPECTUS ........................................................................................................... 24 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 25 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 71 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 72 
FINGRID OYJ ........................................................................................................................................... 78 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................... 87 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 89 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 92 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 102

--- Page 11 ---
- 2 - 
   
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. Words and expressions defined or used in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this overview. The Issuer may agree with 
any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes", in which event a drawdown prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, if 
appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Notes. 
Issuer .......................................... 
Fingrid Oyj 
Description ................................. 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Size .............................................. 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. The Issuer may increase the size of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Arranger..................................... 
ING Bank N.V. 
Dealers ........................................ 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent 
Dealers" are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
Trustee ........................................ 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Issuing and Paying Agent ......... 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar and Paying Agent ..... 
Citibank Europe plc 
Method of Issue ......................... 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or a non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other 
than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of 
that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
"Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms 
of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with 
the relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue

--- Page 12 ---
- 3 - 
   
 
date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of 
the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the 
same Series) will be completed in the final terms document (the 
"Final Terms"). 
Issue Price .................................. 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. 
Form of Notes ............................ 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only ("Bearer Notes"), in 
bearer form exchangeable for Registered Notes ("Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes") or in registered form only ("Registered Notes"). 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes and 
Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be 
exchanged for Registered Notes. 
Each Series of Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a 
temporary global note (a "Temporary Global Note") or a 
permanent global note (a "Permanent Global Note" and each of 
the Temporary Global Note and Permanent Global Note, a "Global 
Note").  
 
Registered Notes will be represented by registered certificates (each 
a "Certificate"), one Certificate being issued in respect of each 
Noteholder's entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. 
Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by 
registered global certificates ("Global Certificates").  
 
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes 
or Global Certificates for other Global Notes and definitive Notes 
and Certificates, respectively, are described in "Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form".   
Clearing Systems ....................... 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the relevant 
Dealer, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Delivery of Notes ............ 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global 
Note is in new global note ("NGN") form or the relevant Global 
Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the 
"NSS"), the Global Note or Global Certificate will be delivered to a 
common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global 
Note is not issued in NGN form ("Classic Global Notes" or 
"CGNs") or the relevant Global Certificate is not held under the 
NSS, the Global Note representing Bearer Notes or Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate representing Registered 
Notes may be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global Notes or Global Certificates may also be deposited with any 
other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed 
in advance by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 13 ---
- 4 - 
   
 
Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or more clearing 
systems on issue will be registered in the name of nominees or a 
common nominee for such clearing systems. 
See "Summary Of Provisions Relating To The Notes While In 
Global Form – Initial Issue of Notes". 
Currencies .................................. 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued with any currency as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities ................................... 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued with any maturity as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Specified Denomination ............ 
The minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency as at the date of issue of the 
Notes). 
Fixed Rate Notes ........................ 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes ................... 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
basis of a reference to EURIBOR, BA-CDOR, BBSW, HIBOR, 
NIBOR, SIBOR, STIBOR, €STR, SONIA or SOFR, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
 
 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes.................... 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes") may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount to 
it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Rates of 
Interest ....................................... 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permit the Notes to bear interest at different rates in 
the same interest period. All such information will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation ..... 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate (other than in respect of Notes where the "Reference 
Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR") 
when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult 
with an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
with a view to the Independent Adviser determining a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread (which could be positive, negative or zero) and 
any Benchmark Amendments. See "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Benchmark Discontinuation".

--- Page 14 ---
- 5 - 
   
 
Benchmark replacement for 
Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SOFR ...................... 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallbacks 
in relation to a Benchmark Transition Event for Notes referencing 
SOFR. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Benchmark 
Replacement for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR". 
 
Redemption ................................ 
 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by the then current 
laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
UK or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 
19 of the FSMA must have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
 
Optional Redemption ................ 
The relevant Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes 
will state whether such Notes may be redeemed (either in whole or 
in part) prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer and/or 
the holders, and if so the terms applicable to such redemption.  
Status of the Notes ..................... 
The Notes will constitute (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, all as described in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Status". 
Cross Default ............................. 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of Default". 
Negative Pledge .......................... 
See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge". 
Early Redemption for Tax 
Reasons ....................................... 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax 
reasons. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Redemption, 
Purchase and Options". 
Withholding Tax ........................ 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of Finland unless such 
withholding is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall, 
subject to certain exceptions pay such additional amounts as shall 
result in receipt by the Noteholder or Couponholder of such 
amounts as would have been received by it had no such withholding 
or deduction been required, all as described in "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Taxation". 
Governing Law .......................... 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by English law. 
Listing ......................................... 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of twelve months after the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and 
to trading on the Market. 
 
The Issuer may request the Central Bank to provide competent 
authorities in Member States of the EEA with a certificate of 
approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (a "Certificate of 
Passporting"). 
 
Following provision of a Certificate of Passporting, the Issuer may 
make an application to the relevant competent authority for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be listed, admitted to trading and/or 
quoted admitted on the regulated market for the purposes of MiFID 
II of any Member State, either together with a listing on the

--- Page 15 ---
- 6 - 
   
 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin or as a single listing. If any 
Notes issued under the Programme are to be listed, admitted to 
trading and/or quoted on the regulated market of any Member State 
in respect of which a Certificate of Passporting has been provided 
to the relevant competent authority of such Member State, this will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms The relevant Final Terms 
will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
Ratings ........................................ 
The Programme has been rated A+ by S&P and AA- by Fitch. The 
Issuer has been rated A+ from S&P and A+ from Fitch in respect of 
its long-term public issuer credit rating. 
 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in "Overview of the Programme - 
Method of Issue") will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions .................... 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the UK, the EEA, Japan, Singapore and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with a particular 
issue. See "Subscription and Sale". 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
 
Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year will be 
subject to the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility 
Act of 1982 ("TEFRA") and will be issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code")) ("TEFRA D") unless (i) the relevant Final 
Terms state that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially 
the same form that are applicable for purposes of the Section 4701 
of the Code) ("TEFRA C") or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in circumstances in 
which the Notes will not constitute "registration-required 
obligations" under TEFRA, which circumstances will be referred to 
in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Use of Proceeds .......................... 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the 
general corporate purposes of the Issuer or, in respect of any Notes 
which are issued as Green Bonds, in accordance with the 
Framework to finance and/or refinance Eligible Projects (each as 
defined in "Use of Proceeds"). If, in respect of any particular issue, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the relevant Final Terms. See "Use of Proceeds".

--- Page 16 ---
- 7 - 
   
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in Notes issued under the 
Programme, prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in 
the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making 
an investment in any Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating 
to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may 
individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of 
operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes 
may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into the following categories based on their nature. 
These categories are: 
1. 
factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with the 
Programme; 
1.1 
strategic risks; 
1.2 
business risks; 
2. 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme; 
2.1 
risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
2.2 
risks related to the Notes; and 
2.3 
risks related to the market. 
Within each category, the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation 
of the criteria set out in the Prospectus Regulation is presented first. However, the order in which the risk 
factors are presented after the first risk factor in each category is not intended to reflect either the relative 
probability or the potential effect of their materialisation. The order of the categories does not represent any 
evaluation of the materiality of the risk factors within that category, when compared to risk factors in 
another category. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
including any document incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own views, based upon their own 
judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, 
prior to making any investment decision. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the 
Notes issued under the Programme is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus 
and their personal circumstances. 
1. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with 
the Programme 
1.1 
Strategic Risks 
Strategic risks (as set out below under "Severe electricity disturbance", "Significant 
change in regulation" and "Distortion in corporate culture") are considered by the 
Company to be events that may materially affect the Company's ability to operate its 
business or its reputation. In the worst-case scenario, these events may result in the 
Company's operations being challenged to a degree that may result in a loss of the 
Company's operating licence or changes in the Company's regulatory framework. Such 
events may have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position and its 
ability to meet its payment obligations.

--- Page 17 ---
- 8 - 
   
 
Severe electricity disturbance 
The Company is subject to the risk of a severe disturbance related to the functioning of 
the Finnish electricity system, leading to a regional or country-wide loss of electricity 
supply in Finland. Extensive disturbances to the Finnish electricity system can be caused, 
for example, by a technical malfunction, an extreme weather event, human error, an 
accident, vandalism, an act of sabotage or a combination thereof. The ongoing green 
transition has increased the transition risks related to converter-connected generation (in 
particular wind and increasingly solar) in turn increasing the risk of local disturbances due 
to high wind situations or due to unpredictably rapid changes in local meteorological 
conditions. Unforeseen events affecting the Finnish electricity system may paralyse many 
functions that are critical to Finnish society and may cause significant damage to Finnish 
businesses and industries. As the Company is responsible for the Finnish electricity system 
and cross-border transmission as well as controlling and maintaining emergency reserve 
power, a prolonged major disturbance may result in significant revenue losses and cost 
increases for the Company should the incident entail significant disturbance management 
or liability costs. 
Although the Company can take certain actions to minimise the risk of severe electricity 
disturbances through grid investments, reserve power plants, up-to-date information 
systems, stress testing Finland's high voltage electricity transmission system (the "Main 
Grid") for individual faults without significant regional impacts on electricity 
transmission and through limiting its financial claims liability in all cases of disturbances 
through contracts and insurance policies, no assurance can be given that such cautionary 
measures will be sufficient to prevent severe disturbances related to the functioning of the 
Finnish electricity system. This could lead to a regional or country-wide loss of electricity 
supply in Finland, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Company's 
financial position and/or its reputation. 
Significant change in regulation 
Grid operations are a regulated business that is overseen by the Finnish Energy Authority 
(the "EA" or the "Energy Authority"). The Company operates under a licence and the 
regulatory compliance of its operations is supervised by the EA. The Finnish Electricity 
Market Act (588/2013, as amended) (the "Finnish Electricity Market Act") imposes 
certain obligations on the Company's operations, including the responsibility to develop 
the electricity market, and limitations on the allowed return for the Company. Although 
the Company actively monitors the development of relevant regulation and seeks to 
collaborate with stakeholders in order to influence the development of the regulatory 
framework, regulation may develop unfavourably due to changes in the EU's grid codes 
and other regulations that may impose new risk intensive tasks on Transmission System 
Operators ("TSOs"), significant tightening of financial or other corporate regulation, an 
official decision that prevents the Company from reaching its goals or increases the risks 
of the Company's operations, or a failure by the Company to reflect regulatory 
requirements in its operations. Changes in regulation that affect the Company's allowed 
return or other financial items, such as changes in the allowed use of congestion income 
or further caps on tariff increases, would directly impact the Company's financing and 
credit ratings. In addition, unfavourable changes in regulation related to the environment, 
the Company's operations or technology may hamper the Company's operations or prevent 
additional investments. Significantly stricter regulation of electromagnetic fields, for 
example, may entail major costs in building and maintaining the transmission grid. The 
occurrence of such events may have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial 
position and/or its reputation. 
Change in corporate culture 
Responsibility is one of the Company's core values. Developing sustainable operations 
and managing environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") matters are integrated into 
the Company's strategy and operations. This includes risk management, continuous 
business monitoring, and feedback from customers and employees. Stakeholders are 
informed of the Company's sustainability targets and results and the Company reports in

--- Page 18 ---
- 9 - 
   
 
accordance with the applicable and relevant regulatory frameworks.  Employees are 
required to comply with the Company's Code of Conduct and consider specified 
perspectives to avoid bias or conflict of interest in commitments and in preparing other 
matters; this applies equally to individuals who are directly involved in such preparations 
and related parties. However, implementing and monitoring performance against ESG 
goals is subject to interpretation and requires a consistent approach. 
In particular, the Company's status as a monopoly in capital-intensive grid operations may 
lead to a decline in the sustainability and ethics of its operations due to a lack of 
competition and potentially less external focus on such areas. This could manifest as 
neglect of sustainability requirements or unprofessional behaviour towards customers, 
suppliers and landowners, among other things, which may cause, for example, problems 
in obtaining necessary permits and have other adverse effects on the Company's external 
operations. 
Inability to operate sustainably and ethically may cause the reputation of the Company to 
deteriorate. Such events may as a result have a material adverse effect on the Company's 
financial position. 
1.2 
Business Risks 
Business risks are considered to be events that may have an effect on the Company's ability 
to comply with its financial obligations. 
Parameters in Regulatory Methods 
The development of long-term interest rates is considered to be the regulatory methods' 
parameter with the most significant impact on the Company. The Company's regulatory 
earnings are defined in the regulatory model by the EA. The regulatory model determines 
the risk-free interest rate used to calculate the return rate for the next calendar year. The 
EA has confirmed the methodology for pricing for the periods of 2024-2027 and 2028-
2031. According to the regulatory model, the regulatory capital, which is the total capital 
invested in transmission network operations, is multiplied by the Weighted Average Cost 
of Capital ("WACC"). This equates to the allowed return, which is the regulatory profit 
the Company is allowed to earn annually. The WACC includes a risk-free rate component, 
which is based on the 10-year German government bond yield. The risk-free rate applied 
in the annual WACC is the daily average of previous year (April–September) of the 10-
year German government bond yield plus a country risk premium, which is the difference 
between the bond yields of Finnish and German 10-year government bonds during the 
April-September period used to calculate the applicable risk free rate. If the German 10-
year government bond yield decreases, the WACC decreases and, therefore, the 
Company's annual allowed return would decrease. In addition to the risk-free interest rate, 
other parameters, that are calculated based on a peer group defined by the EA, are updated 
during the regulatory period. Asset beta, equity beta, capital structure and risk premium 
of debt are updated once every two years. Market risk premium is updated once every four 
years. The liquidity premium is updated once every eight years. The values of these 
parameters may, individually or collectively, have an adverse effect on the Company's 
ability to generate sufficient return on its regulatory asset base and, therefore, could have 
an adverse effect on the Company's profitability, which may adversely affect the 
Company's credit risk profile. 
Information security 
Network security and cyber-attacks against the Company are the most significant 
information security risks for the Company. The Company operates electricity 
transmission infrastructure, balance service and centralised data exchange service with 
dedicated information and communications technology ("ICT"). The Company's 
Information Security Management System has been certified in accordance with the ISO 
27001 standard.

--- Page 19 ---
- 10 - 
   
 
The Company's ICT risks include critical failure in ICT infrastructure, critical failure in 
ICT systems or software, accidents at ICT hardware facilities, long-term inoperability of 
telecommunications, cyber-attacks and hacking attempts, human errors in operating or 
maintenance and failures and errors relating to a single service provider or to an entire 
supply chain, or shortage of critical hardware components, among others. Cyber-attacks 
may consist of denial-of-service, the use of malware, stealing or destroying data or, in the 
worst-case scenario, paralysing or misusing the Company's ICT systems or their 
components. Such events may partially or completely paralyse the Company's operations. 
If a critical information system is inoperable, this may lead to the long-term loss of the 
data transmission or monitoring systems required to manage the electricity system. As a 
result, disruption to the operations of the Main Grid or the electricity markets may occur, 
which may result in revenue losses and cost increases and the management of the 
disturbance may be hampered or prevented. As a result, the Company's operations may be 
adversely affected, which may, in turn, adversely affect the Company's reputation and 
credit risk profile as a result of lower profits and increased operating costs. 
Functioning of electricity market 
A poorly functioning electricity market poses a risk for the Company as it is the sole 
transmission system operator in continental Finland with the ultimate responsibility for 
the Finnish electricity system. Such a risk may be a consequence of, for example, extreme 
market price levels, successive disturbance of major transmission and generation units, a 
disturbance or error in the calculation of market prices, default of an electricity market 
participant or a long-term load-generation imbalance due to shortage in electricity 
generation or transmission capacity. The reasons that may lead to the materialisation of 
this risk also include inconsistencies in regional energy policy and market-distorting state 
subsidies. Poorly functioning electricity markets directly reflect on the Company's 
operations by making it increasingly difficult to balance demand and supply, which may, 
in turn, have an adverse effect on the Company's financial position or its reputation. Direct 
costs may result from complications in procuring loss power and/or reserves on market 
terms or from such procurements being prevented altogether. Unexpected costs resulting 
from poorly functioning electricity markets or from delayed market development schemes 
may increase operating costs and adversely affect the Company's reputation and credit risk 
profile. 
Power market reserves 
Electricity production must be equal to electricity consumption at all times. The relevant 
parties in the electricity market plan and balance their consumption and production in 
advance, but in practice there are deviations during each unit of market time. To balance 
these deviations, the Company procures different kinds of reserves from electricity reserve 
markets. Reserves consist of a combination of power plants, consumption units and energy 
storages, that either increase or decrease their electric power demand or supply according 
to the need of the Finnish electricity system. 
Reserves procured for the purpose of Finnish electricity system management represent one 
of the Company's most significant cost items. The procurement of various types of 
reserves required to secure system operations is linked to both market risks and uncertainty 
caused by a change in the production structure. Due to changes in the electric production 
structure in Finland, the amount and cost of reserve procurements have increased. The 
required reserves are mainly procured from the electricity market and, therefore, price 
fluctuations in the electricity market affect Fingrid's reserves procurement costs. Although 
the Company actively participates in the development of the Nordic reserve markets and 
monitors their operations, events that require the Company to purchase reserves at high 
prices or the inability to procure sufficient amount of reserves, may adversely affect the 
operation of the Main Grid and may have an adverse effect on the Company's liquidity 
position and the ability to meet its financial obligations, as well as increase the Company's 
operating costs, both of which may adversely affect the Company's credit risk profile and 
increase the Company's cost of funding.

--- Page 20 ---
- 11 - 
   
 
Countertrade and redispatching 
Disturbances, restrictions and outages in electricity transmission connections may cause 
regional price differences in electricity markets and, in turn, financial harm to customers 
and society. Short-term bottlenecks in transmission capacity are balanced or removed 
entirely through countertrades (typically by trading to decrease production on the surplus 
side of the bottleneck and by matching trading to increase production on the deficit side). 
Countertrades can take place either within Finland ("redispatching") or across borders 
with Sweden and Estonia as a result of a fault in transmission connections. Annual 
variations in the volume and price of countertrades are considerable and depend largely 
on the Nordic power production situation, electricity market prices and the grid's 
operational situation, as well as on the volume and duration of disturbances. Unexpected 
events that require the Company to exercise countertrades, which may have unfavourable 
terms, may have an adverse effect on the Company's liquidity position and the ability to 
meet its payment obligations, as well as increase the Company's operating costs, both of 
which may adversely affect the Company's credit risk profile. 
Refinancing and liquidity 
The Company is exposed to liquidity and refinancing risks arising from upcoming debt 
maturities, payments and fluctuations in cash flow from operating activities. The main risk 
is a situation where the Company cannot obtain debt financing or the price of debt 
financing increases substantially on the debt and money markets due to an extended 
disruption. Financing risks also include sudden interruptions in payment transactions. The 
Company has a relatively large balance sheet in relation to its revenue due to its relatively 
low amount of operational cash flow available for financing investments and maturing 
debt. The Company is exposed to the increased price volatility of electricity markets, 
which in turn increases the Company's market-based costs, thus affecting refinancing and 
liquidity risks. The occurrence of these risks may have adverse effects on the Company's 
reputation and financial position by increasing the cost of debt funding, as well as 
adversely affect the Company's ability to meet its payment obligations. 
Non-compliance 
Non-compliance may be the result of ignorance of or disregard for the applicable 
legislation or other regulations, operating principles or standards to which the Company 
or its employees are bound. There is also a risk that as regulation changes, the Company's 
operations no longer comply with the changed requirements. The number of Fingrid 
employees has increased significantly in recent years, which may put strain on the 
Company's compliance training programs and thus may increase the risk of non-
compliance. In terms of legal consequences, the most significant recognised risks are 
related to non-compliance with the European and national electricity market laws and 
regulations, such as the Finnish Electricity Market Act, the Regulation on Wholesale 
Energy Market Integrity and Transparency ("REMIT"), the Market Abuse Regulation 
("MAR"), and the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), as well as certain 
obligations related to sanctions, money laundering and corruption, competition and public 
procurement legislation. Non-compliance with the applicable legislation and/or other 
regulation may result in legal proceedings and fines, which may have an adverse effect on 
the Company's financial position. In addition, the consequence of non-compliance may be 
a loss of reputation or a loss of trust, either internally or externally, towards the Company, 
which may adversely affect the Company's financial position. Realisation of such events 
may adversely affect the Company's credit risk profile. 
Counterparties 
Counterparty risks may arise, for example, if a customer defaults on a payment or if the 
financial situation of one or more of the Company's service or equipment suppliers 
deteriorates. Supplier performance may fail, for example, due to a lack of competent 
resources or poor operational performance, or their long-term fixed-price projects' 
fulfilment may be threatened by raw material shortages combined with high commodity 
prices. The same applies to critical ICT supplier chains. Grid-connected customers may

--- Page 21 ---
- 12 - 
   
 
fail in maintaining technical requirements levied on connected generation or consumption, 
which would increase system security risks. Financial, insurance, OTC or fixed income 
fund counterparties also form part of the Company's counterparty risks. Although the 
Company monitors its counterparty risks and has a risk management policy for managing 
these risks, the materialisation of a counterparty risk may lead to credit losses for the 
Company, and in case of deterioration of the financial situation of the Company's service 
or equipment supplier, to unexpected costs as the service or equipment contract may need 
to be totally or partially replaced with another supplier. A default by one or more of the 
Company's balance service customers may lead to increased accumulated operating costs 
or credit losses for the Company. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on 
the Company's operating profits and liquidity position as well as on its reputation, and, 
therefore, result in an adverse effect on the Company's credit risk. 
Accidents 
Serious accidents are linked to the safety of the transmission grid, especially in connection 
with construction and maintenance work. Causes that can result in a realised risk include 
human error or an accident close to live components, an error in design or construction 
work, damage or vandalism to live structures, and carelessness. Accidents can result in 
bodily injuries or, in the worst-case scenario, death to the Company's employees, 
contractors or private individuals. Workplace accidents may cause local interruptions of 
electricity supply or interruptions of work. The financial effects of accidents are limited 
by means of non-life and liability insurance policies. However, no assurance can be given 
that the risks described above will not materialise and the insurance coverage may be 
insufficient to cover losses or such policies may become unavailable. The occurrence of 
the events mentioned above may have an adverse effect on the Company's financial 
position or its reputation, and, therefore, result in an adverse effect on the Company's credit 
risk profile. 
Transmission loss power 
In order to cover electricity transmission losses, the Company must procure a 
corresponding volume of loss power from the market. The required volume of loss power 
varies from hour to hour, and its price is market-based (spot price). Therefore, the 
Company is exposed to price risk of electricity. 
The Company hedges loss power purchases against price risk with electricity derivatives. 
Hedging is based on the predicted volume of loss power. The purpose of price hedging is 
to reduce the effect of volatility in market prices on the loss power procurement costs. The 
Company has mandated an external portfolio manager to carry out such hedging in 
accordance with the Company's hedging strategy. Such hedging may not be effective in 
mitigating the price risk associated with loss power purchases and consequently the 
Company may be required to purchase large amounts of loss power volume at high 
electricity prices which could increase the Company's operating costs and consequently 
its financial position. 
Asset damage 
The Company's assets may be subject to significant damage, for instance, equipment or 
power lines may fail beyond repair. The permanent technical failure of the Main Grid, a 
reserve power plant or a submarine cable may result in considerable financial losses for 
the Company. Damage may also be the result of fire, explosions, leaks storms, acts of 
terrorism, war, vandalism, acts of sabotage and other extreme natural phenomena or man-
made disasters. Asset damage may cause direct or indirect momentary or extended 
electricity transmission disruptions. Asset damage in the Company's individual equipment 
or power lines are not, however, likely to result in a severe electricity disturbance, but such 
events could result in significant disruption to the electricity markets. Although the 
financial effects of asset damage are managed by procuring appropriate insurance policies 
for certain grid components, no assurance can be given that the risks described above will 
not materialise. The materialisation of the above-mentioned risks may have an adverse

--- Page 22 ---
- 13 - 
   
 
effect on the Company's financial position, regulatory profit or its reputation, and, 
therefore, result in an adverse effect on the Company's credit risk profile. 
Capital expenditure 
Capital expenditure plans or planned investments may be technically incompatible, 
unnecessary, economically inefficient or poorly timed for a number of reasons including 
unforeseen changes in energy policy targets, in the general economic situation, in 
electricity consumption and production structures and volumes. Capital expenditure may 
also become redundant due to a customer's insolvency or changed investment plans. 
Capital expenditure plans can also be impacted by delays in the permit process, lack of 
resources, unexpected high commodity prices, total shortage of key components, or a long-
term strike. 
Significant increases or decreases in capital expenditures schemes increases the risk of 
poor capital expenditure management, timing and planning, which may significantly 
increase the Company's costs incurred from grid projects and the transmission operations 
or render investments redundant and weaken its regulatory asset base. Capital expenditure 
programme delays also have adverse impacts on system security and on the Company's 
climate goals. Intensified capital expenditure programmes also entail higher risk related 
activity in system operation, for example, risks related to planned outages when the 
Company reinforces its existing network connections. Although the Company seeks to 
manage these risks, for example, through a long-term project programme and close co-
operation with its customers, no assurances can be given that such risks will not 
materialise. The materialisation of these risks may have an adverse effect on the 
Company's regulatory assets, or its reputation, and, therefore, result in an adverse effect 
on the Company's credit risk profile. 
Liability for customer damages 
The Company offers electricity transmission, cross-border transmission and electricity 
demand and supply balancing services to its customers, which consist of major power 
plants, industrial plants and regional electricity distribution networks, as well as Balance 
Responsible Parties including electricity production, consumption and sales companies. 
The Company's electricity transmission service customers are connected to the Main Grid. 
The Company is obliged to provide and maintain access to the Main Grid for its customers. 
Delays in providing access, interruptions in the electricity transmission services to its 
customers or the Company's inability to provide electricity demand and supply balancing 
services resulting from the Company's planning or service error or technical inoperability 
may have considerable adverse effects on the Company's customers. Such events may 
place the Company liable for direct customer damages. In the worst-case scenario the 
Company may also be liable for indirect third-party damages. 
The occurrence of such events may lead to customer claims and have an adverse effect on 
the Company's reputation, liquidity position, and credit risk profile. 
Economic and political environment 
The supply of, demand for and price of electricity can be affected by global, regional and 
domestic political environments. Escalating geopolitical tensions, sector inflation and 
increasing interest rates have increased uncertainty in the global economic and financial 
markets in recent years and have affected energy markets. 
The transitory situation on the energy markets and the high price volatility of electricity 
have increased and made it difficult to predict Fingrid's key market-based cost items, such 
as electricity system reserves, loss power procurement costs and accumulation of cross-
border congestion costs and revenue. 
Continued or increasing adverse economic and political environment could increase the 
Company's costs or result in changes in laws or regulations adverse to the Company, which

--- Page 23 ---
- 14 - 
   
 
could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
2. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme 
2.1 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This 
also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on 
the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
In addition, if as a result of any amendment to or change in the laws or regulations of 
Finland, the Issuer would become obliged to pay any additional amounts as described in 
Condition 8 (Taxation), the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with 
their terms. If the Issuer calls and redeems Notes in the circumstances mentioned above, 
Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in securities offering a 
comparable yield. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's 
ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of 
such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce 
a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Regulation of benchmarks may lead to future reforms or discontinuation 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of 
rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks have been subject to significant 
regulatory scrutiny and legislative intervention in recent years. This relates not only to 
creation and administration of benchmarks, but, also, to the use of a benchmark rate. In 
the EU, for example, the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation") apply to the provision of, contribution of input data to, and the use of, a 
benchmark within the EU and the UK, respectively. The EU Benchmarks Regulation and 
UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to 
EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed in the future in order to comply with the terms of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation or other similar legislation, or 
if a critical benchmark is discontinued or is determined by a regulator to be "no longer 
representative". Such factors could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level or may affect the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
benchmark. They may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or

--- Page 24 ---
- 15 - 
   
 
methodologies used in certain benchmarks, or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability 
of quotes of certain benchmarks. 
Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in 
its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with the Euro Short 
Term Rate ("€STR") or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (as further described in 
Condition 5(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result in adverse consequences to 
holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose 
interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to 
reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to 
the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark 
may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on 
the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the 
same benchmark. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes 
that could change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or 
discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index 
Newer reference rates or any related indices and rates that fall outside the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and UK Benchmarks Regulation may also be subject to changes 
or discontinuation. For example, the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or the European Central Bank (or their successors) as administrators of the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") (and the SONIA Compounded Index), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") (and the SOFR Compounded Index) or €STR, 
respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of 
these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such 
risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to 
calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR or any related indices. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index (in 
which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). 
The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Holders of Notes when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
Interest rate "fallback" arrangements may lead to Notes performing differently or the 
effective application of a "fixed rate" 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such 
benchmark may be published (or any other successor service)) becomes unavailable or a 
Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes), as applicable, occurs.  It is possible that such an event may be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Notes.  Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference 
rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant 
governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising 
out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such 
adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. 
Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. 
Moreover, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and 
alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in

--- Page 25 ---
- 16 - 
   
 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. Additionally, in certain 
circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result 
in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used, which may result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment 
about the potential risks arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference 
rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing 
a benchmark. 
Floating Rate Notes – benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Temporary unavailability of the Relevant Screen Page 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest in respect of floating rate Notes is to be determined, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
reference to the Relevant Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In 
circumstances where such Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor 
any successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement 
for the Relevant Screen Page is available, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
provide for the Rate of Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) by reference to quotations from 
banks communicated to the Issuer and provided to Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks 
are not submitting rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), 
the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate 
was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference 
Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be 
applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely affect the 
value of, and return on, the floating rate Notes. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Events 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(k) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation)) (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent 
discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. The Independent 
Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference 
Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate, without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the application of an 
Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) may 
result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they 
would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.

--- Page 26 ---
- 17 - 
   
 
(iii) 
Potential for a fixed rate return 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent 
Adviser may not be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, 
or the Independent Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
for the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period will be the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs 
before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial 
Rate of Interest. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the 
Independent Adviser has failed, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
in respect of any given Interest Accrual Period, it will continue to attempt to 
appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding 
Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods, 
as necessary. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, will result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant 
benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate 
of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to 
apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent 
Adviser fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the 
relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the 
floating rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. 
Methodologies for the calculation of risk-free rates (including overnight rates or 
forward-looking rates) for Floating Rate Notes may vary and may evolve 
The Programme provides for the issuance of Floating Rate Notes with interest determined 
on the basis of the reference rate €STR, SONIA and SOFR. These risk-free rates have 
become more commonly used as benchmark rates for bonds in recent years. Most of the 
rates are backwards-looking, but the methodologies to calculate the risk-free rates are not 
uniform. Such different methodologies may result in slightly different interest amounts 
being determined in respect of otherwise similar securities. 
The Issuer may in future also issue Notes referencing €STR, SONIA or SOFR that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes 
issued by it under the Programme. Such variations could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or might otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference 
a risk-free rate issued under the Programme from time to time. 
In addition, investors should consider how any mismatch between applicable conventions 
for the use of €STR, SONIA or SOFR reference rates in the bond, loan and derivative 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing €STR, 
SONIA or SOFR. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any Notes which reference €STR, SONIA or SOFR.

--- Page 27 ---
- 18 - 
   
 
It is not possible to calculate interest rates in advance for Notes which reference SONIA, 
SOFR, €STR or any related indices 
Interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of 
being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may therefore 
be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate 
the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes 
linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates become 
due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 10 (Events of Default), 
or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final 
Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to 
a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due 
and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon 
Notes) or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general 
changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Integral multiples of less than €100,000 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum 
specified denomination of €100,000 plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller 
amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of €100,000 (or 
its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent). In such a case 
a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount which is 
less than the minimum specified denomination of €100,000 in their account with the 
relevant clearing system will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or in excess of the minimum or more 
specified denominations such that its holding amounts to a specified denomination. If such 
Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum specified 
denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
2.2 
Risks Related to Notes 
Interest payments on the Notes or Coupons may be subject to Finnish withholding tax 
if the Noteholder's or Couponholder's status as a not resident of Finland for tax 
purposes cannot be appropriately established 
Noteholders or Couponholders (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not engage in trade or business 
through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Finland are not subject 
to Finnish taxes on interest or gains realised on the sale of the Notes or Coupons. However, 
interest payments made by the Issuer or a securities dealer (i.e., a financial institution 
making the payment) to Noteholders or Couponholders who are not resident in Finland 
for tax purposes may, nevertheless, be subject to Finnish withholding tax, unless the 
identity of the Noteholders or Couponholders can be appropriately established. It may be 
difficult for the Issuer or a securities dealer to appropriately establish the Noteholders' or 
Couponholders' identity as non-Finnish residents where interests in the Notes are held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (especially when the Notes are held in a 
nominee account). Furthermore, the tax gross-up contained in Condition 8 (Taxation) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides that no additional amounts will be payable 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder of a Note or Coupon who would not be liable 
or subject to the withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority.

--- Page 28 ---
- 19 - 
   
 
As a result, Noteholders or Couponholders who are not liable for tax in Finland, yet who 
are unable, for whatever reason, to establish their identity as a non-Finnish resident, may 
have amounts in respect of taxation withheld from payments of interest under the Notes 
or Coupons. Whilst it is possible for non-Finnish residents who are not liable for tax in 
Finland to reclaim amounts that have been withheld, this would require an application to 
the Finnish tax authorities, which represents an added administrative burden and may be 
a time consuming process. Noteholders or Couponholders should therefore consult their 
tax advisers with respect to payments that may be received under the Notes or Coupons. 
Judgments entered against the Issuer in the courts of a state which is not subject to the 
Brussels Regulations or the Lugano Convention may not be recognised or enforceable 
in Finland 
A judgment entered against an entity incorporated in Finland (such as the Issuer) in the 
courts of a state which is not, under the terms of (i) Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation 
(EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 
on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial 
matters) (the "2012 Brussels Regulation") or (ii) the Convention on jurisdiction and the 
recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters made at 
Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the "Lugano Convention"), a Member State (as defined in 
the 2012 Brussels Regulation) or a Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano 
Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in Finland as a matter of law without 
a retrial on its merits (but will be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before 
the courts of law, administrative tribunals or executive or other public authorities of 
Finland). 
As a result of Brexit, the 2012 Brussels Regulation has ceased to apply to the UK (and to 
English court judgments) and, further, the UK is no longer a party to the Lugano 
Convention and its application to accede to the Lugano Convention has been blocked by 
the European Commission. A judgment obtained in the courts of England against a Finnish 
entity would be recognised and enforceable in Finland in accordance with and subject to 
the procedural steps and on the material conditions imposed by the 2005 Hague 
Convention on Choice of Court Agreements (the "Hague Convention"). However, the 
scope of the Hague Convention is limited and it applies only to contracts with an exclusive 
jurisdiction clause. In circumstances where the Hague Convention is not applicable, it is 
possible that a judgment entered against the Issuer in a UK court would not be recognised 
or enforceable in Finland as a matter of law without a retrial on its merits (but would be 
as circumstantial evidence before the courts of law, arbitral tribunals or executive or other 
public authorities in Finland).  
Hence, a judgment entered against the Issuer in an English court in respect of the Notes 
may not be recognised or enforceable in Finland as a matter of law without a retrial on its 
merits. 
On 12 January 2024, the UK signed, and on 27 June 2024, ratified, the Hague Convention 
of 2 July 2019 on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Judgments in Civil or 
Commercial Matters ("Hague 2019"), which will come into force as of 1 July 2025. Hague 
2019 provides for the mutual enforcement of judgments between the UK and the other 
contracting states, including Member States, in proceedings started after Hague 2019 
comes into force in the UK. Asymmetric and non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses will be 
covered by Hague 2019, and will apply to judgments given in proceedings initiated after 
Hague 2019 comes into effect, regardless of when the agreement was made. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds with a specific use of proceeds may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing of specified Eligible 
Projects in accordance with the Framework (any such Notes, "Green Bonds").

--- Page 29 ---
- 20 - 
   
 
No assurance is given by the Issuer or any Dealer that such use of proceeds will satisfy 
any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor is required, 
or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or 
sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the Framework, 
(including, but not limited to, the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical 
screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing 
legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the UK or any market standards or 
guidance, including the ICMA Principles). 
No assurance can be given that Eligible Projects will meet investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including, 
but not limited to, the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening 
criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and 
guidelines, or any similar legislation in the UK or any market standards or guidance, 
including the ICMA Principles) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve 
from time to time. Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant 
with the EU Green Bond Regulation (which, among other things, established the voluntary 
EuGB label and lays down uniform requirements for issuers that wish to use the 
designation European green bond or 'EuGB' label and the conditions for external review 
of bonds using such label) and are only intended to comply with the requirements and 
processes in the Framework. It is not clear if the optional disclosure regime for bonds 
marketed as "environmentally sustainable" could have an impact on investor demand for, 
and pricing of, green/social/sustainable use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the 
requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime such as the Green 
Bonds issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand 
or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued under this 
Programme that do not comply with those standards proposed under the EU Green Bond 
Regulation. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any 
Notes issued as Green Bonds for Eligible Projects, there is no contractual obligation to do 
so.  There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Projects will be available or capable 
of being implemented in, or substantially in, the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that 
the Issuer will be able to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such 
Green Bonds for such Eligible Projects as intended.  In addition, there can be no assurance 
that Eligible Projects will be completed as expected or achieve the impacts or outcomes 
(environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated.   
None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds 
for Eligible Projects, or to report on the use of proceeds as anticipated, or a failure of a 
third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion, report or certification in connection with 
an issue of Green Bonds, or the failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet 
investors' expectations as to their "green", "sustainable", "social" or equivalent 
characteristics will constitute an Event of Default or breach of contract, or give the 
Noteholders any right to require redemption of its Notes, with respect to any Notes issued 
as Green Bonds. The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time 
sufficient Eligible Projects to allow for allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds 
of the issue of such Green Bonds in full. In addition, the Issuer may amend, replace or 
supplement its Framework from time to time without the consent of Noteholders. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Framework 
and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their 
independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any 
Green Bonds before deciding to invest. In addition, the Framework may be subject to 
review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or 
withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any 
description given in this Base Prospectus. The Framework does not form part of, nor is 
incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 30 ---
- 21 - 
   
 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other 
opinion, report or certification of any third party relating to any Green Bonds 
The Compliance Opinion provides an opinion on certain environmental and related 
considerations and is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact.  No representation or 
assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion, report or certification 
of any third party (including any post-issuance reports prepared by an external reviewer) 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds.  The 
Compliance Opinion and any other such opinion, report or certification is not intended to 
address any credit, market or other aspects of any investment in any Note, including 
without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any 
security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  Any such opinion, 
report or certification is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is 
current only as of the date it was issued. 
The criteria and/or considerations that form the basis of the Compliance Opinion and any 
other such opinion, report, certification or post-issuance report may change at any time 
and the Compliance Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or 
withdrawn at any time.  Any withdrawal of the Compliance Opinion or any other opinion, 
report or certification may have a material adverse effect on the value of any Green Bonds 
in respect of which such opinion, report or certification is given and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such 
opinions, report and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime 
or oversight (the EU Green Bond Regulation will introduce a supervisory regime of 
external reviewers of European Green Bonds, but this is not due to take full effect until 21 
June 2026). 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, 
report or certification and/or the information contained therein.  None of the Compliance 
Opinion nor any other such opinion, report, certification or post-issuance report forms part 
of, or is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus.  The Compliance Opinion is 
available 
at: 
https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/dokumentit/en/investors/green-
financing/fingrid_spo_iss-.pdf.    
No assurance that Green Bonds will be admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or market, or that 
any admission obtained will be maintained 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or 
securities market, no representation or assurance is given that such listing or admission 
satisfies any present or future investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
is required, or intends, to comply.  Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another.  No representation or assurance is given or made by that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
The Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated stock exchange or 
securities market, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and/or 
may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green 
assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes 
not falling within such investors' investment criteria or mandate). 
Modifications 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Agency Agreement (as defined therein) 
contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of 
a video conference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These

--- Page 31 ---
- 22 - 
   
 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including the Noteholders 
who did not attend nor vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the 
written resolution or give their consent electronically, and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. For more information as to these provisions, see 
Condition 11 (Meetings of Noteholders). 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with such Notes are governed by English law in effect as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of issue 
of the relevant Notes. Any such judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice may have an adverse impact on the market value of relevant Notes 
affected by it. 
2.3 
Risks Related to the Market 
The secondary market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
If a market for the Notes does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not 
be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the 
case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet 
the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and greater price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") 
other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or 
the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of 
the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 32 ---
- 23 - 
   
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which 
have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and which have 
been approved by the Central Bank or filed with it: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2023 (as set out on pages 25 to 69 of the Issuer's Annual Review and Financial Statements 1 
January 2023 - 31 December 2023) together with the audit report thereon (as published on the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer) 
(the 
"2023 
Financial 
Statements") 
(https://www.fingrid.fi/en/pages/investors/financial-reports-and-presentations/); 
(ii) 
the information set out on pages 6 (the Turnover and other operating income table only) and 109-
150 of the Issuer's Annual Review and Financial Statements 1 January 2024 - 31 December 2024 
including the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 
31 December 2024 set out on pages 111-150 thereto together with the audit report thereon (as 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer) 
(the 
"2024 
Financial 
Statements") 
https://www.fingrid.fi/en/pages/investors/financial-reports-and-presentations/);  
(iii) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" on pages 18 to 46 of the Prospectus dated 
14 November 2012 (the "2012 Prospectus") (https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/fingrid-emtn-
programme-2012.pdf); 
(iv) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" on pages 19 to 47 of the Prospectus dated 
14 November 2013 (the "2013 Prospectus") (https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/fingrid-emtn-
programme-2013.pdf); 
(v) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" on pages 19 to 49 of the Prospectus dated 
7 March 2017 (the "2017 Prospectus") (https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/fingrid-emtn-
programme-2017.pdf);  
(vi) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" on pages 29 to 65 of the Prospectus dated 
18 March 2020 (the "2020 Prospectus") (https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/fingrid-emtn-
programme-2020.pdf);  and 
(vii) 
the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" on pages 26 to 72 of the Prospectus dated 
4 
March 
2024 
(the 
"2024 
Prospectus") 
(https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/dokumentit/fi/sijoittajat/rahoitus/arkisto/fingrid-emtn-
programme-2024.pdf).  
Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Those parts of the 2023 Financial Statements, the 2024 Financial Statements, and the, 2012, 2013, 2017, 
2020 and 2024 Prospectuses which are not specifically incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
are either covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus or are not relevant for prospective investors in the 
Notes. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be inspected at the registered 
office of the Issuer and are also available at www.fingrid.fi.  
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on any 
website referred to herein does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  Additionally, no website referred to 
in this Base Prospectus has been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland.

--- Page 33 ---
- 24 - 
   
 
SUPPLEMENTAL PROSPECTUS 
If, at any time following the publication of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer shall be required to prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer shall 
prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further 
prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted 
to trading on the Market, shall constitute a supplemental prospectus as required by Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer has given an undertaking to 
the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is 
capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and the inclusion of which in this Base Prospectus or 
removal is necessary, for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the 
Notes, and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement or 
replacement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies will not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. For this purpose, 
"valid" means valid for making admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent of the 
Issuer and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus is only required within its period of validity 
between the time when this Base Prospectus is approved and the time when trading on a regulated market 
begins, whichever occurs later.

--- Page 34 ---
- 25 - 
   
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange 
for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed or the 
Agency Agreement or used in the relevant Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these 
Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed, the Trust Deed will prevail and in the 
event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed and the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Final Terms will prevail. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have 
the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes are constituted by an Amended and Restated Trust Deed dated 19 March 2025 (as may be 
amended, supplemented or restated as at the date of issue of the Notes (the "Issue Date") (the "Trust 
Deed")) between the Issuer and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall 
include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the 
Noteholders (as defined below). These terms and conditions (the "Conditions") include summaries of, and 
are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, 
Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to below. An Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 
10 March 2023 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated as at the Issue Date, the "Agency Agreement") 
has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch, as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, 
the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) 
are referred to below, respectively, as the "Issuing and Paying Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which 
expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the "Registrar", the "Transfer Agents" (which 
expression shall include the Registrar) and the "Calculation Agent(s)".  
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Conditions. References to the "Final Terms" 
are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or 
endorsed on this Note. 
Copies of the Final Terms, Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are (i) available for inspection or 
collection during usual business hours by a Noteholder upon reasonable request at the registered office of 
the Trustee (presently at Citigroup Centre, 25 Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB) and at the 
specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to the Trustee, any Paying Agent or Transfer Agent and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee, the relevant Paying Agent 
or Transfer Agent, as the case may be). 
The Noteholders, the holders (the "Couponholders") of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") appertaining 
to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further 
Coupons (the "Talons") are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all 
of the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Final Terms and are deemed to have notice of those provisions 
applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes", which expression includes Notes that are 
specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form ("Registered Notes") or in bearer 
form exchangeable for Registered Notes ("Exchangeable Bearer Notes") in each case in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the Final Terms provided that 
the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes are issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same 
Specified Denomination as the lowest Specified Denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes.  
The Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 35 ---
- 26 - 
   
 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable.  
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates ("Certificates") and, save as provided 
in Condition 2(c) (Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes), each 
Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery outside the United 
States. Title to the Registered Notes shall, subject to mandatory rules of law, pass by registration 
in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement (the "Register"). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Certificate, Note, Coupon 
or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether 
or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or interest in it, any writing on 
it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no 
person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), "holder" (in relation to a Note, Coupon 
or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given 
to them in the Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f) (Closed Periods), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may 
be exchanged for the same aggregate principal amount of Registered Notes at the request 
in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer 
Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons relating to it, at 
the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an 
Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined 
in Condition 7(b) (Registered Notes)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect 
of that payment of interest need not be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes that are not 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified 
office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such 
Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such 
Certificate  duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding 
of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the holding not so transferred shall be issued to the transferor. 
All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar, 
the Transfer Agent and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made 
available by the Registrar for inspection or collection to any Noteholder upon request or 
may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to the 
Registrar and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the 
Registrar).

--- Page 36 ---
- 27 - 
   
 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer's or Noteholders' option in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect 
of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option 
resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same 
terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates 
to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a 
person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the 
enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the 
existing holding of Registered Notes. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a) (Exchange of Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes), 2(b) (Transfer of Registered Notes) or 2(c) (Exercise of Options or Partial 
Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes) shall be available for delivery five business 
days after receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice (as 
defined below) or surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar 
(as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of 
transfer, Exercise Notice (as defined below) or Certificate shall have been made or, at the 
option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the 
relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice (as defined below) or 
otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the 
new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests 
otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) 
the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this 
Condition 2(d) (Delivery of New Certificates), "business day" means a day, other than a 
Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified 
office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial 
redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax, duty or other 
governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an 
Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) during the 
period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment of principal or interest in respect 
of such Notes. An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be 
exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Certificate is 
simultaneously surrendered not later than the relevant Record Date. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes and the Coupons constitute (subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and Coupons 
shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable laws, at all times rank at least 
equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, present and future.

--- Page 37 ---
- 28 - 
   
 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Notes remain outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Issuer will not (and 
will ensure that any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in this Condition 4, below) do not) 
create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest ("Security") 
upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) 
present or future to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) unless, at the same time 
or prior thereto, the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed (a) are 
secured equally and rateably therewith, or (b) have the benefit of such other security or other 
arrangement as the Trustee in its absolute discretion shall deem to be not materially less beneficial 
to the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders.  
For the purposes of this Condition, "Relevant Indebtedness" means any present or future Capital 
Markets Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Subsidiary other than: 
(a) 
Project Finance Indebtedness (as defined below); 
(b) 
indebtedness owed by a Subsidiary to the Issuer; 
(c) 
indebtedness secured on the property of an entity becoming a Subsidiary after 5 May 1998 
where the relevant Security existed at the time such entity becomes a Subsidiary (provided 
that such Security was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal 
amount secured at the time of such acquisition is not increased); 
(d) 
indebtedness incurred in connection with the purchase price of any asset and secured only 
on such asset and any income or other property derived therefrom or in connection 
therewith; and 
(e) 
any extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or 
replacements) of any indebtedness referred to in (a) to (d) above, provided the amount of 
the indebtedness secured thereby is not increased. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Capital Markets Indebtedness" means any present or future indebtedness (whether 
being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of  any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities offered, issued or distributed 
whether by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition consideration or otherwise 
and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash; 
"Excluded Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
which is a single purpose company whose principal assets and business are 
constituted by the ownership, acquisition, development and/or operation of an 
asset; 
(b) 
none of whose Capital Markets Indebtedness incurred in order to finance the 
ownership, acquisition, development and/or operation of any asset, is subject to 
any recourse whatsoever to any member of the Group (other than another 
Excluded Subsidiary) in respect of the repayment thereof, except as expressly 
referred to in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Project Finance Indebtedness; 
and 
(c) 
which has been designated as such by the Issuer by written notice to the Trustee, 
provided that the Issuer may give written notice to the Trustee at any time that 
any Excluded Subsidiary is no longer an Excluded Subsidiary, whereupon it shall 
cease to be an Excluded Subsidiary; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;

--- Page 38 ---
- 29 - 
   
 
"Material Subsidiary" means at any time any Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets or revenues (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which 
itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated 
total assets or consolidated revenues of the Group taken as a whole, all as 
calculated by reference to the then most recent financial statements (consolidated 
or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of that Subsidiary and the most recent 
consolidated financial statements of the Group; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the assets and 
undertaking of a Subsidiary which, immediately prior to such transfer, is a 
Material Subsidiary pursuant to (a) above; 
"Project Finance Indebtedness" means any Capital Markets Indebtedness incurred in 
order to finance the ownership, acquisition, development and/or operation of any asset: 
(a) 
which is incurred by an Excluded Subsidiary; or 
(b) 
in respect of which, the person (or persons) to whom any such Capital Markets 
Indebtedness is or may be owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not a 
member of the Group) has (or have) no recourse whatsoever to any member of 
the Group (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) for the repayment thereof other 
than: 
(i) 
recourse to such borrower for amounts limited to the cash flow or net 
cash flow (other than historic cash flow or historic net cash flow) from 
such asset; and/or 
(ii) 
recourse to such borrower for the purpose only of enabling amounts to 
be claimed in respect of such Capital Markets Indebtedness in an 
enforcement of any encumbrance given by such borrower over such asset 
or the income, cash flow or other proceeds deriving therefrom (or given 
by any shareholder or the like in the borrower over its shares or the like 
in the capital of the borrower) to secure such Capital Markets 
Indebtedness, provided that (aa) the extent of such recourse to such 
borrower is limited solely to the amount of any recoveries made on any 
such enforcement, and (bb) such person or persons are not entitled, by 
virtue of any right or claim arising out of or in connection with such 
Capital Markets Indebtedness, to commence proceedings for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the borrower or to appoint or procure the 
appointment of any receiver, trustee or similar person or officer in respect 
of the borrower or any of its assets (save for the assets the subject of such 
encumbrance); and/or 
(iii) 
recourse to such borrower generally, or directly or indirectly to a member 
of the Group, under any form of assurance, undertaking or support, which 
recourse is limited to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages 
and damages required to be calculated in a specified way) for breach of 
an obligation (not being a payment obligation or an obligation to procure 
payment by another or an indemnity in respect thereof or any obligation 
to comply or to procure compliance by another with any financial ratios 
or other tests of financial condition) by the person against whom such 
recourse is available; 
"Subsidiary" means, at any particular time, either: 
(a) 
any company which is then directly or indirectly controlled, or at least 50 per cent. 
of whose issued equity share capital (or equivalent) is then beneficially owned, 
by the Issuer and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries. For a company to be 
"controlled" by another means that the other (whether directly or indirectly and 
whether by the ownership of share capital, the possession of voting power,

--- Page 39 ---
- 30 - 
   
 
contract or otherwise) has the power to appoint and/or remove all or the majority 
of the members of the board of directors or other governing body of that company 
or otherwise controls or has the power to control the affairs and policies of that 
company; or 
(b) 
any subsidiaries regarded as subsidiaries in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles in Finland. 
A report by an authorised signatory of the Issuer that, in their opinion, an entity is or is not 
or was or was not at any particular time a Subsidiary, an Excluded Subsidiary or Material 
Subsidiary, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the 
Trustee. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(f) (Calculations). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from, 
and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(f) (Calculations). Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either specified in the Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the 
Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number 
of months or other period specified in the Final Terms as the Specified Interest 
Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall 
be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had 
it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day save in respect of Notes for which the 
Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date will not be 
postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during the period from and 
after the scheduled final Interest Payment Date or (D) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.

--- Page 40 ---
- 31 - 
   
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the Final Terms and the 
provisions below. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where the Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms is not 
Compounded Daily €STR, SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below 
and subject to Condition 5(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation), be 
either: 
(x) 
the offered quotation; or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being round upwards) of 
the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page  as at; (i) 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in the 
case of EURIBOR; (ii) 10.00 a.m. (Toronto time) in the case of 
BA-CDOR; (iii) 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time) in the case of BBSW; 
(iv) 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) in the case of HIBOR; (v) 
12.00 noon (Oslo time) in the case of NIBOR; (vi) 11.00 a.m. 
(Singapore time) in the case of SIBOR; or (vii) 11.00 a.m. 
(Stockholm time) in the case of STIBOR on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation 
Agent plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). If five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean rounded as provided above of such offered 
quotations. 
(b) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph 
(a)(x) above applies and no such offered quotation appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page or if subparagraph (a)(y) above applies 
and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Issuer and the Issuer, or an agent or designee appointed by it, 
shall request, if the Reference Rate is (i) if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks; (ii) if the Reference Rate is BA-CDOR, the 
principal Toronto office of each of the Reference Banks; (iii) if 
the Reference Rate is BBSW, the principal Sydney office of each 
of the Reference Banks; (iv) if the Reference Rate is HIBOR, 
the principal Hong Kong office of each of the Reference Banks; 
(v) if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of 
each of the Reference Banks; (vi) if the Reference Rate is 
SIBOR, the principal Singapore office of each of the Reference 
Banks; or (vii) if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the principal 
Stockholm office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the

--- Page 41 ---
- 32 - 
   
 
Reference Rate is (A) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, as at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time); (B) if the Reference 
Rate is BA-CDOR, as at approximately 10.00 a.m. (Toronto 
time); (C) if the Reference Rate is BBSW, as at approximately 
10.30 a.m. (Sydney time); (D) if the Reference Rate is HIBOR, 
as at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time); (E) if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR, as at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo 
time); (F) if the Reference Rate is SIBOR, as at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Singapore time); or (G) if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question and provide such 
quotations to the Calculation Agent. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean rounded as provided above 
of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(c) 
If paragraph (b) above applies and fewer than two Reference 
Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to 
the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks (requested and 
selected by the Issuer) if the Reference Rate is (i) if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time); (ii) if the Reference Rate is BA-CDOR, at 
approximately 10.00 a.m. (Toronto time); (iii) if the Reference 
Rate is BBSW, at approximately 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time); (iv) 
if the Reference Rate is HIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time); (v) if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at 
approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time); (vi) if the Reference Rate 
is SIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Singapore time); or (vii) 
if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Stockholm time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in, if the Reference Rate is (A) if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market; (B) if the 
Reference Rate is BA-CDOR, the Toronto inter-bank market; 
(C) if the Reference Rate is BBSW, the Sydney inter-bank 
market; (D) if the Reference Rate is HIBOR, the Hong Kong 
inter-bank market; (E) if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the 
Norwegian inter-bank market; (F) if the Reference Rate is 
SIBOR, the Singapore inter-bank market; or (G) if the Reference 
Rate is STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, as the case 
may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is (i) if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time); (ii) if the Reference Rate is BA-CDOR, at 
approximately 10.00 a.m. (Toronto time); (iii) if the Reference 
Rate is BBSW, at approximately 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time); (iv) 
if the Reference Rate is HIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time); (v) if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at 
approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time); (vi) if the Reference Rate 
is SIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Singapore time); or (vii)

--- Page 42 ---
- 33 - 
   
 
if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Stockholm time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is (A) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter- bank market; (B) if the Reference Rate is BA-
CDOR, the Toronto inter-bank market; (C) if the Reference Rate 
is BBSW, the Sydney inter-bank market; (D) if the Reference 
Rate is HIBOR, the Hong Kong inter-bank market; (E) if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR, the Norwegian inter-bank market; (F) 
if the Reference Rate is SIBOR, the Singapore inter-bank 
market; or (G) if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the Stockholm 
inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily €STR 
 
Where the Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms is Compounded 
Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, 
subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus 
(as specified in the Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Accrual 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with 
the daily euro short-term rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
቎ෑ൬1 + €STR𝑖𝑖 ×  𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, 360);

--- Page 43 ---
- 34 - 
   
 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, 
is a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for 
such TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European Central 
Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer 
published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors) on the TARGET Settlement Day 
immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day (in each case, at 
the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the 
successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Final 
Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day 
"i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement 
Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up 
to (but excluding) the following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the 
final Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Accrual Period) 
the Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period or (B) such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Accrual Period or Observation Period (as 
applicable), means the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as

--- Page 44 ---
- 35 - 
   
 
the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the 
Final Terms. 
Subject to Condition 5(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation), if, where any 
Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant to this sub-condition (B), in 
respect of any TARGET Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable 
€STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR reference 
rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the 
€STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement Day shall be 
the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement Day 
in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European 
Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this sub-condition, the Issuer shall give notice 
thereof to the Agents, the Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) no later than the Determination Cut-off Date (as 
defined below) and the Rate of Interest shall be (x) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) 
or (y) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Period.  
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
Where the Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms is SONIA, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period, will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖−𝑝𝑝𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿 x 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖= 1
−1቏x 
365
𝑑𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or

--- Page 45 ---
- 36 - 
   
 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Accrual 
Period, the date falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling p London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are 
due and payable). 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period or Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest 
Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or 
the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Accrual Period or Observation Period (as applicable), 
means the number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" 
or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the Final Terms; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on 
the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days 
prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the Final Terms; the relevant London Banking Day "i";

--- Page 46 ---
- 37 - 
   
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of 
Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate 
in respect of any London Banking Day.  The SONIA Reference Rate 
applied to a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by 
applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the previous London Banking 
Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period or Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to 
Condition 5(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation), be: 
(x) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (B) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA 
Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; 
or 
(y) if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA 
Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the 
first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Subject to Condition 5(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation), if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this sub-condition (C), ), the Issuer shall give notice thereof 
to the Agents, the Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) no later than the Determination Cut-off Date (as 
defined below) and the Rate of Interest shall be (x) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) 
or (y) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
Where the Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms is SOFR, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the Final Terms) 
the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest 
Determination Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition:

--- Page 47 ---
- 38 - 
   
 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded 
average of daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Accrual Period in 
accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set out in this 
Condition. 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not 
a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday 
or holiday.  For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in 
accordance with the specific formula and other provisions set forth 
herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days will be multiplied by the number 
of calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of 
Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) 
prior to the relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the fallback 
provisions set out in this sub-condition below will apply. 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking 
institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment computed in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 𝑥𝑥 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏ 𝑥𝑥 360
𝑑𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 48 ---
- 39 - 
   
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such 
period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the Interest Period Date for such Interest Accrual Period(or the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Accrual Period means the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first day in such Interest Accrual 
Period(and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Period Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Accrual Period or Observation Period (as applicable) 
means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as 
applicable) in the Final Terms; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
means: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on 
the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
subject to the provisions of sub-condition (F) below, if the rate 
specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(or a successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; or

--- Page 49 ---
- 40 - 
   
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
(E) 
Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
This Condition is applicable to the Notes only where the Reference Rate 
specified in the Final Terms is SOFR.  If the Issuer determines on or prior 
to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace 
the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in 
respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on 
all subsequent dates.  In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. If the 
Issuer exercises its right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes at any time, at the request and expense of the Issuer, but subject 
to receipt by the Trustee and the Agents of a Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes Certificate, the Trustee, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, and the Agents shall 
concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes required to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or 
the Agency Agreement (regardless of whether or not the effecting of such 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes would constitute a Basic 
Terms Modification (as defined below) and neither the Trustee nor the 
Agents shall be liable to any party for any consequences thereof. 
Notwithstanding the above, neither the Trustee nor the Agents shall be 
obliged so to concur if in its opinion doing so would have the effect of (i) 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional 
duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or 
protective provisions afforded to it in these Conditions, the Trust Deed or 
the Agency Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental trust deed or agency agreement) in any way or (ii) exposing 
it to any liabilities against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
prefunded and/or secured to their satisfaction. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer 
pursuant to this section, including any determination with respect to a 
tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection: 
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii) 
 will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from 
the holders of the Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is 
defined above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the

--- Page 50 ---
- 41 - 
   
 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation 
thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean 
the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected 
by the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest 
as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its 
designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect 
to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in 
a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);

--- Page 51 ---
- 42 - 
   
 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference 
Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark 
(or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii) 
 a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may 
be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;

--- Page 52 ---
- 43 - 
   
 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for 
the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time, and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under this sub-condition (E) above will be notified promptly, 
but in any event no later than the Determination Cut-off Date (as defined 
below), by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Trustee and the Agents of the same, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee and the Agents a certificate signed by an 
authorised signatory of the Issuer (the "Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes Certificate"): 
(i) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, (y) the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of 
any relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in 
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(E) (Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate 
Notes referencing SOFR); and 
(ii)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment. 
The Trustee and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes Certificate (without enquiry or 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Benchmark 
Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (if 
any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error 
and without prejudice to the Trustee's or the Agent's ability to rely on 
such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Trustee, the Agents and 
the Noteholders. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(E) (Benchmark 
Replacement for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR), the Issuer shall 
give notice thereof to the Agents, the Trustee and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) no later than the Determination 
Cut-off Date (as defined below) and the Rate of Interest shall be (x) that

--- Page 53 ---
- 44 - 
   
 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (y) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(F) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the Final Terms as applicable 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and 
the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period provided however that if there is 
no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer, then the Issuer shall determine, or (at its discretion) shall 
appoint an agent or designee to determine, such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Applicable Maturity" means the period of time designated in the 
Reference Rate. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior 
to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity 
Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as specified in the Final 
Terms or calculated in accordance with Condition 6(b)(A)(ii) (Early Redemption)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue (both before and after judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) to the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to 
all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, 
subject always to sub-paragraph (ii) below.

--- Page 54 ---
- 45 - 
   
 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, 
then any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the 
case may be. 
(iii) 
Subject to the requirements of applicable law, for the purposes of any calculations 
required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded 
up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be 
rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up). For 
these purposes "unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, with respect to euro, means 0.01 euro. 
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount specified in the Final Terms and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual 
Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such 
Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum 
of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In 
respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions 
above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which 
interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, 
or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any 
rate or amount or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate or amount 
and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount 
obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Optional Redemption Amount to be notified 
to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation 
upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange so require, such exchange (or listing agent as the case may be) as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is 
subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become 
due and payable under Condition 10 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Rate 
of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or 
the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires.

--- Page 55 ---
- 46 - 
   
 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
Principal Financial Centre for such currency;  
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
(iii) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as SOFR in the 
Terms, any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is 
not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) 
specified in the Final Terms and is not a date on which banking institutions in 
those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Additional Business Centre, a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Additional Business 
Centres or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Additional 
Business Centre(s);  
"BA-CDOR" means the Toronto inter-bank offered rate; 
"BBSW" means the Australian Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate administered by the 
Australian Financial Markets Association (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)"  is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number

--- Page 56 ---
- 47 - 
   
 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30"; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 57 ---
- 48 - 
   
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to 
but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate; 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended (the "Treaty"); 
"HIBOR" means the Hong Kong inter-bank offered rate; 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date; 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, shall mean 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be, specified in

--- Page 58 ---
- 49 - 
   
 
the Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest 
Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(i) 
the second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of each Interest Accrual 
Period if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR; 
(ii) 
the first day of each Interest Accrual Period if the Reference Rate is BA-CDOR; 
(iii) 
the first day of each Interest Accrual Period if the Reference Rate is BBSW; 
(iv) 
the first day of each Interest Accrual Period if the Reference Rate is HIBOR; 
(v) 
the second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Accrual Period if 
the Reference Rate is NIBOR; 
(vi) 
the second Singapore business day prior to the start of each Interest Accrual 
Period if the Reference Rate is SIBOR; or 
(vii) 
the second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Accrual 
Period if the Reference Rate is STIBOR; 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date; 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in 
the Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" means the date of issue of the Notes; 
"NIBOR" means the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the 
Notes and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the 
Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of (a) EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; (b) BA-CDOR, 
the principal Toronto office of four major banks in the Toronto inter-bank market; (c) 
BBSW, the principal Sydney office of four major banks in the Sydney inter-bank market; 
(d) HIBOR, the principal Hong Kong office of four major banks in the Hong Kong inter-
bank market; (e) NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Norwegian 
inter-bank market; (f) SIBOR, the principal Singapore office of four major banks in the 
Singapore inter-bank market; (g) STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major 
banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer; 
"Reference Rate" means either EURIBOR, BA-CDOR, BBSW, HIBOR, NIBOR, 
SIBOR STIBOR, €STR, SONIA or SOFR, as specified in the Final Terms. Other than in 
the case of U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate Notes for which the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the Final Terms as being SOFR, the term Reference Rate shall, following the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event under Condition 5(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation) 
include any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and shall, if a Benchmark Event should

--- Page 59 ---
- 50 - 
   
 
occur subsequently in respect of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, also include 
any further Successor Rate or further Alternative Rate; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the 
Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the Final Terms (or any successor or 
replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service); 
"SIBOR" means the Singapore inter-bank offered rate; 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
"STIBOR" means the Stockholm inter-bank offered rate; 
"T2" means the Real-Time Gross Settlement System operated by the Eurosystem or any 
successor or replacement thereto; and  
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding 
(as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in 
respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be 
construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or financial institution engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through 
its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as 
such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 60 ---
- 51 - 
   
 
(j) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations), whether by the Calculation Agent or the 
Trustee, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Trustee, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and 
no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by them 
of their powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(k) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If the Issuer, in consultation with the party responsible for determining the Rate 
of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the Final 
Terms, as applicable), determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
an Original Reference Rate (notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(b) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes) above and other than in respect of Notes where 
the "Reference Rate" is specified in the Final Terms as being "SOFR") when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall notify the Calculation 
Agent and shall use its reasonable endeavours to select and appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine, prior to the 
date which is 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period (the "Determination Cut-
off Date"), a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 5(k)(ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 5(k)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser selected and appointed 
pursuant to this Condition 5(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad 
faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for 
any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5(k) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to select and appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(k) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) prior to the Determination Cut-off Date, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in 
place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph 
shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest for the relevant next 
succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and the Rate of Interest applicable to any 
subsequent Interest Accrual Periods is subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(k)(i) 
(Independent Advisor).

--- Page 61 ---
- 52 - 
   
 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 5(k)(iii)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent 
further operation of this Condition 5(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation)); 
or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as 
provided in Condition 5(k)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the subsequent further operation of this Condition 5(k) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a 
formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or 
zero)) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable)), subject to the subsequent further operation and 
adjustment as provided in this Condition 5(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(k) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 5(k)(v) (Notices, etc.), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request and expense of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee 
and the Agents of a Benchmark Amendment Certificate pursuant to Condition 
5(k)(v) (Notices, etc.), the Trustee, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, and the Agents shall concur with the Issuer in 
effecting any Benchmark Amendments to the Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement and/or the Trust Deed as the Issuer determines and certifies to the 
Trustee and the Agents are required in order to give effect to this Condition 5 
(Interest and other Calculations) (regardless of whether or not the effecting of 
such Benchmark Amendments would constitute a Basic Terms Modification (as 
defined below)) and neither the Trustee nor the Agents shall be liable to any 
party for any consequence thereof. Notwithstanding the above neither the 
Trustee nor the Agents shall be obliged so to concur if in its opinion doing so 
would (i) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional 
duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded it in these Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed

--- Page 62 ---
- 53 - 
   
 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed or agency 
agreement) in any way or (ii) (ii) exposing it to any liabilities against which it 
has not been indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to their satisfaction. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(k)(iv) 
(Benchmark Amendments), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(k) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) will be notified promptly (but in any event no later 
than 2 (two) Business Days prior to the date on which the Calculation Agent is to 
cause notice of the Rate of Interest to be published in accordance with these 
Conditions) by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee, the Agents a certificate signed by an authorised signatory of the Issuer (a 
"Benchmark Amendment Certificate"): 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 5(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Trustee and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificate 
(without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without 
prejudice to the Trustee's ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(k) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), if in the Calculation Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty 
between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination 
or calculation under this Condition 5(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation), the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall 
direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to 
adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or 
is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, 
wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability to the Issuer for not doing so. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Event or 
Benchmark Amendment. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively 
rely on any determinations made by the Issuer or the Independent Adviser and 
will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or the 
Independent Adviser.

--- Page 63 ---
- 54 - 
   
 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(k)(i) 
(Independent Advisor), 5(k)(ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate), 5(k)(iii) 
(Adjustment Spread) and 5(k)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5(b)(iii)(A) 
(Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes) will continue to apply 
unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being 
the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the Final Terms, as 
applicable) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be), the applicable Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if 
applicable), in accordance with Condition 5(k)(v) (Notices, etc.). 
(vii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative 
or zero) or (y) the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case 
which the Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(in the case of a Successor Rate where no such recommendation as 
referred to in (a) above has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate) the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; 
(c) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(d) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the 
Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, 
to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser, determines in accordance with Condition 5(k)(ii) 
(Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is customarily applied in international debt 
capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(k)(iv) 
(Benchmark Amendments).

--- Page 64 ---
- 55 - 
   
 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing permanently to be calculated, administered 
and published; or 
(2) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the 
date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i) above; or 
(3) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference 
Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (i) above; or 
(5) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before 
a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (i) above; or 
(6) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or 
Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); or 
(7) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate announcing that such 
Original Reference Rate is or will be, on or before a specified date, be no 
longer representative and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (i) above; 
"Business Day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks 
are open for business in the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
in the international capital markets selected and appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 5(k)(i) (Independent Advisor). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) on the Notes (provided that if, following one or more 
Benchmark Events, such originally-specified Reference Rate (or any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a 
further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently 
occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term "Original 
Reference Rate" shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate).

--- Page 65 ---
- 56 - 
   
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or similar institution 
for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable)relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) , (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(l) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration 
If (i) the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 10 (Events of 
Default) and (ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period during which the Notes become 
due and payable is to be determined by reference to any of Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) (Screen 
Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily €STR), 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing 
SONIA) and Condition 5(b)(iii)(D) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SOFR), then the final Interest Determination Date shall be the date on which 
the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply 
to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in the 
Conditions. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, is its principal 
amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(A) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Noteholders (Put Option)) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note 
unless specified in the Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Amortised 
Face Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is specified in the Final Terms, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes 
if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually.

--- Page 66 ---
- 57 - 
   
 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call 
Option)) or Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
(Put Option)) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph 
(ii) above, except that such sub- paragraph shall have effect as though the 
reference therein to the date on which the Note becomes due and payable 
were replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant 
Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with 
any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(c) (Zero 
Coupon Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the Final Terms. 
(B) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Zero 
Coupon Notes) upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer (Call Option)) or Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders (Put Option)) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default), shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If, as a result of any amendment to or change in the laws or regulations of Finland or of 
any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax or 
any change in the official or generally accepted interpretation or application of such laws 
or regulations which becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
the Series of which the Notes form part, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay any 
additional amounts as described in Condition 8 (Taxation) (and such amendment or 
change has been evidenced by the delivery by the Issuer to the Trustee (who shall accept 
such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence thereof) of (i) a certificate signed by an 
authorised signatory of the Issuer on behalf of the Issuer stating that such amendment or 
change has occurred (irrespective of whether such amendment or change is then effective), 
describing the facts leading thereto and stating that such requirement cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and (ii) an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that such amendment or change has 
occurred (irrespective of whether such amendment or change is then effective)), the Issuer 
may (having given not less than 30 nor more than 90 days' irrevocable notice to the Trustee 
and to the holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Governing Law, Jurisdiction and 
Service of Process)) redeem on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note) or, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) all, but not some only, of 
the Notes (other than Notes in respect of which the Issuer shall have given a notice of 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call 
Option)) or in respect of which an Exercise Notice has been delivered in accordance with 
Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Put Option)), in each case 
prior to any notice being given under this Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons)) at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest to the date 
fixed for such redemption, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be required to pay 
such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Note then due.

--- Page 67 ---
- 58 - 
   
 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option) 
If Call Option is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders redeem, all or, if so 
provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) (other than Notes 
in respect of which the Issuer shall have given a notice of redemption pursuant to 
Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or in respect of which an Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in accordance with Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option 
of the Noteholders (Put Option)), in each case prior to any notice being given under this 
Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option))) on the date so 
provided  (the "Specified Redemption Date"). 
Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more 
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, 
the Specified Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such 
conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all 
such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) 
by the Specified Redemption Date or by the Specified Redemption Date so delayed. 
Subject to the paragraph above, all Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall 
be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 7(d). 
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at (i) their Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
(which may be the Early Redemption Amount described in Condition 6(b) (Early 
Redemption) above) or (ii) the Make Whole Redemption Amount (as defined below), in 
each case as specified in the Final Terms and together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption.  
Any such redemption shall only relate to Notes of a principal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the Final Terms and no greater 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the Final Terms. All 
Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the 
certificate numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been selected 
individually by lot in such place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it 
deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or 
other relevant authority requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes which are represented by a Global 
Certificate or Global Note, the relevant Notes will be selected on a pro rata basis in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Amount" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount outstanding of such Notes and (ii) the principal amount outstanding of 
such Notes multiplied by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in 
writing to the Issuer by the Determination Agent, at which the Gross Redemption 
Yield (as defined below) to maturity (or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in 
the Final Terms, yield to the Par Redemption Date) on such Notes on the Reference 
Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Gross Redemption Yield (as determined by 
reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date 
of the Reference Bond, plus (y) the Redemption Margin; or 
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the Final 
Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount 
outstanding of such Notes and (ii) the sum of the present values of the principal

--- Page 68 ---
- 59 - 
   
 
amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest 
on such Notes (less an amount equal to any accrued but unpaid interest on the 
Notes to, but excluding, the date of redemption) and such present values shall be 
calculated by discounting such amounts to the date of redemption on an annual, 
semi-annual or such other basis as is equivalent to the frequency of interest 
payments on the Notes (as determined by the Determination Agent) (based on the 
Day Count Fraction specified in the Final Terms) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus 
the Redemption Margin, 
all as determined by the Determination Agent provided however that, in the case of either 
(i) or (ii) above, if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the Final Terms and the Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) occurs on or after the Par Redemption Date, the Make Whole 
Redemption Amount will be equal to 100 per cent of the principal amount of the Notes. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (Put Option) 
If Put Option is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of such Note, redeem such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer, on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) (Put) so provided at its Optional Redemption Amount (Put) (which shall, unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the Early Redemption Amount described in 
Condition 6(b) (Early Redemption) above) together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent 
or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed 
option exercise notice ("Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Note or 
Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in 
the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer, except that such Note or 
Certificate will be returned to the relevant Noteholder by the Paying Agent, the Registrar 
or Transfer Agent with which it has been deposited if, prior to the due date for its 
redemption or the exercise of the option, the Note becomes immediately due and payable 
or if upon due presentation payment of the redemption moneys is not made or exercise of 
the option is denied. 
(f) 
Clean-up Call 
If Clean-up Call is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, in the event that Notes 
representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 75 per cent. (or such other amount 
as may be specified as the Clean up Call Threshold in the Final Terms) (the "Clean-up 
Call Threshold") of the principal amount of the Notes initially issued (which shall include, 
for these purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 13 (Further Issues) 
have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the Issuer (other than as a result of the 
exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Option)) the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the Final Terms), redeem on the date specified in such notice all, but not some 
only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at the Clean-up Call Redemption Amount 
specified in the Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries (as defined above) may, to the extent permitted by 
applicable law, at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the 
open market or otherwise at any price.

--- Page 69 ---
- 60 - 
   
 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall be 
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note 
together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate 
representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together 
with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes 
so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(i) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options): 
"DA Selected Bond" means the government security or securities (which if the Specified 
Currency is euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination 
Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term 
of the relevant Notes to be redeemed and that would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in determining the redemption price 
of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency of such Notes and with 
a comparable remaining maturity to the Remaining Term of such Notes; 
"Determination Agent" means an independent adviser, investment bank or financial 
institution of recognised standing with appropriate expertise selected by the Issuer; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield 
to maturity (or if a Par Redemption Date is specified in the Final Terms, to the Par 
Redemption Date) on such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the 
Determination Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office 
in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: 
Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with 
Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 1998 
and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time on a semi-annual compounding basis 
(converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places)) 
or, if such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of 
redemption, a gross redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted 
market practice at such time as determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Par Redemption Date" has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" means the figure specified in the Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" means the bond specified in the Final Terms or, if not so specified or 
to the extent that such Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer 
outstanding on the relevant Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (i) if at least five 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after 
excluding the highest (or in the event of equality, one of the highest) and lowest (or in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest) such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, 
(ii) if fewer than five but more than one such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations are received, the arithmetic average of all such quotations, (iii) if the 
Determination Agent obtains only one such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotation, such quotation so obtained, or (iv) if no Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations are provided, the price determined by the Determination Agent (or failing

--- Page 70 ---
- 61 - 
   
 
which the Issuer, in consultation with the Determination Agent), acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum 
equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price 
for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the 
Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
"Reference Date" means the date set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if one is 
specified in the Final Terms), or their affiliates, which are (i) primary government 
securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing 
corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, 
as determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount): (a) which appear 
on the Relevant Make Whole Screen Page as at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date; 
or (b) to the extent that in the case of (a) above either such bid and offered prices do not 
appear on that page, fewer than two such bid and offered prices appear on that page, or if 
the Relevant Make Whole Screen Page is unavailable, then as quoted in writing to the 
Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
"Relevant Make Whole Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (or any successor or replacement page, section or other part of a 
particular information service, including, without limitation, Bloomberg) specified as the 
Relevant Make Whole Screen Page in the Final Terms, or such other page, section or other 
part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in 
each case, as may be nominated by the Determination Agent for the purpose of displaying 
comparable relevant bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond; 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Redemption Date is specified 
in the Final Terms, to such Par Redemption Date; and 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of 
scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Note for the Remaining Term of such Note 
determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including 
the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6(d). 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all 
other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v) 
(Unmatured Coupons unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 7(f)(ii) (Unmatured Coupons unexchanged Talons)), as the case 
may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque 
payable in the currency in which such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of the 
holder, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided that (i) in the case of euro, the transfer may be 
to, or the cheque drawn on, a euro account with a bank in any city which has access to T2 
and (ii) in the case of Bearer Notes and Coupons, payments will not be made either by 
mail to an address in the United States or by transfer to an account maintained in the United 
States.

--- Page 71 ---
- 62 - 
   
 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of 
any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in 
subparagraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at 
the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof 
(the "Record Date"). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made 
in the currency in which such payments are due by cheque drawn on a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the currency concerned and mailed to 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address 
appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date and subject as 
provided in paragraph (a) above, such payment of interest may be made by 
transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of that currency provided, 
however, that in the case of euro, the transfer may be to, or the cheque drawn on, 
a euro account with a bank in any city that has access to T2. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted 
by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer agrees to be 
subject but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto, and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by such laws, regulations or agreements. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified 
offices are listed below. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the Final Terms. 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer (except as provided in the Trust Deed) 
and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, 
any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Issuing 
and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in

--- Page 72 ---
- 63 - 
   
 
relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions 
so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities 
and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the 
Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect 
of any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of those Notes, Bearer Notes which comprise 
Fixed Rate Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face 
value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Make Whole Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call 
Redemption Amount as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon 
shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the unmatured Coupons related thereto 
are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented 
for redemption without all unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the 
provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only 
bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case 
may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but 
excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 9 
(Prescription)).

--- Page 73 ---
- 64 - 
   
 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centres" in the Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, 
on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Settlement Day. 
(i) 
Definition of the euro 
References in these Conditions to the euro are to the currency which was introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to Article 
109(4) of the Treaty. 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within Finland or by any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts to the Noteholder or Couponholder as shall result in receipt by that 
Noteholder or Couponholder of such amounts as would have been received by it had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with Finland other than the mere holding of the Note or 
Coupon; or 
(ii) 
held by or on behalf of, a holder who would not be liable or subject to the 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(iii) 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for 
payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder of such Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional 
amounts on presenting such Note or Coupon for payment on the thirtieth such day. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes or 
Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code, or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another 
jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, 
a "FATCA Withholding"). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders

--- Page 74 ---
- 65 - 
   
 
that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts, Make Whole Redemption Amount, Clean-up Call Redemption Amounts, 
Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Interest and other 
Calculations) or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall 
be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any 
undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years (in 
the case of both principal and interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10. 
Events of Default 
The Trustee may and, if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders shall (in any case provided that the Trustee has been indemnified to its satisfaction), 
give notice to the Issuer declaring the Notes to be, and they shall accordingly immediately become, 
immediately due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest as 
provided in the Trust Deed, if any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have 
occurred and, in the case of (b), (c), (d) or (e) below, the Trustee shall have certified to the Issuer 
that the happening of such event is in its opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders: 
(a) 
Non-Payment 
Default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in the case 
of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of the 
Notes; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
The Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in the 
Notes or the Trust Deed which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 days 
after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default 
Any sums amounting in aggregate to €50,000,000 (or its equivalent as reasonably 
determined by the Trustee) payable in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money 
contracted or guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries are: 
(i) 
not paid when due (as extended by any applicable grace period); or 
(ii) 
declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to their specified 
maturity by reason of default (however described); or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings 
A distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on 
or against any material part (in the opinion of the Trustee) of the property, assets or 
revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed 
within 90 days; or

--- Page 75 ---
- 66 - 
   
 
(e) 
Security Enforced 
Any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or 
assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and any 
step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a 
receiver, administrative receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
(f) 
Insolvency 
The Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a 
court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or threatens 
to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part (in the opinion of the Trustee) of (or 
of a particular type of) its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of 
any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or 
any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries; or 
(g) 
Winding-up 
An order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution or 
administration of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries shall apply or petition for a winding-up or administration order in 
respect of itself or cease or threaten to cease to carry on all or a substantially all (in the 
opinion of the Trustee) of its business or operations, in each case except for the purpose 
of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation (i) on terms previously approved by the Trustee in writing or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, 
whereby the undertaking and assets of that Material Subsidiary are transferred to or 
otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its Subsidiaries; or 
(h) 
Nationalisation 
Any step is taken by any person with a view to the seizure, compulsory acquisition, 
expropriation or nationalisation of all or a material part (in the opinion of the Trustee) of 
the assets of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(i) 
Illegality 
It is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of 
its obligations under any of the Notes or the Trust Deed. 
A certificate of the Issuer signed by one of its authorised signatories stating that, having 
made all relevant enquiries, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the 
Issuer as at the Certification Date (as defined in the Trust Deed), no Event of Default or 
Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) had occurred since the date of 
the last such certificate or (if none) the date of the Trust Deed or, if such an event had 
occurred, giving details of it, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties. 
As used in this Condition 10 (Events of Default), "Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any present 
or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) 
money borrowed, (ii) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit, or (iii) any 
Capital Markets Indebtedness. 
11. 
Meeting of Noteholders, Modifications and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (including by 
way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a

--- Page 76 ---
- 67 - 
   
 
modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. The quorum 
for any meeting convened to consider a resolution other than an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing in the aggregate not less than one-
tenth in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, and the quorum for 
any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more 
persons holding or representing a clear majority in principal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented, 
unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest 
in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, 
provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt that any Benchmark Amendment or 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Change and the selection of a Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate or an Adjustment Spread (in each case in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations)) shall be excluded, (iv) if a 
Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest is specified in the Final Terms, to reduce 
any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Make Whole Redemption Amount or Clean-up Call Redemption Amount, 
including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the Specified 
Currency or Specified Currencies of payment or Specified Denomination of the Notes, or 
(vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of 
Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution (each a "Basic 
Terms Modification"), in which case the necessary quorum shall be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds or at any adjourned meeting not less than 
one third in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any resolution 
duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the 
meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. The expression 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened by a majority consisting of not less than three-quarters of the votes cast. All 
other resolutions shall be passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened by a clear 
majority of the votes cast. 
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by, or on behalf of, the holders 
of not less than 90 per cent. in principal amount of Notes who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of such Noteholders duly convened and 
held. 
(b) 
Modification 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders: 
(i) 
agree to any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed, these 
Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Coupons or the Final 
Terms that is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with a mandatory 
provision of the laws of England or Finland; 
(ii) 
agree to any other modification (other than in respect of a Basic Terms 
Modification); and waive or authorise any breach, continuing breach or 
proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement or these Conditions; and 
(iii)  
determine that an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall not 
be treated as such,

--- Page 77 ---
- 68 - 
   
 
provided that, in the opinion of the Trustee, such modification, authorisation or waiver 
shall not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such 
modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders as soon as practicable. 
Additionally, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 5(b)(iii)(E) (Benchmark Replacement 
for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR) and Condition 5(k) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation), vary or amend these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the 
Trust Deed to give effect to certain amendments without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, as described in Condition 5(b)(iii)(E) (Benchmark 
Replacement for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR) and Condition 5(k) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) and the Trustee and the Agents shall concur with such Benchmark 
Amendments and/or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable) on the 
basis set out in Condition 5(b)(iii)(E) (Benchmark Replacement for Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SOFR) and Condition 5(k) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
(c) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its trusts, powers and duties (including but not limited 
to those referred to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, 
nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified 
office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the 
Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case 
may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which 
may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or 
Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further 
Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect 
of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue 
shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities of any series 
(including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. 
References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any 
other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes. 
Any further securities forming a single series with the outstanding securities of any series 
(including the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall, and any 
other securities may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by the Trust Deed. The Trust 
Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of 
securities of other series where the Trustee so decides.

--- Page 78 ---
- 69 - 
   
 
14. 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms 
of the Trust Deed, but it need not take any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding and (b) it shall have been indemnified to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder, or Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound so to proceed fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
15. 
Indemnification of Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any 
entity related to the Issuer without accounting for any profits. 
The Trustee has no responsibility for the maintenance of any rating assigned to the Rated Securities 
by any person. 
16. 
Notices 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be 
mailed to them (or, in the case of joint holders, to the first named) at their respective addresses in 
the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices required to be given to the holders of 
Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or if any such publication is 
not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading English language daily 
newspaper or as otherwise required by any exchange on which the Notes are listed. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
17. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
18. 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Service of Process 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with the Trust Deed or any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly 
any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed or any 
Notes, Coupons or Talons ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The Issuer 
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and waives any objection 
to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings 
have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of 
each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any 
of them to take Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions or preclude the taking of 
Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).

--- Page 79 ---
- 70 - 
   
 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Vistra Trust Company Limited of 7th Floor, 50 Broadway, 
London SW1H 0DB as its agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of 
process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed completed on 
delivery to such process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by the 
Issuer). If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer 
has an address in England, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process 
agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any manner 
permitted by law.

--- Page 80 ---
- 71 - 
   
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of any Tranche of Notes will be intended to be used by the Issuer, 
either: 
(a) 
for its general funding purposes and/or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
in respect of an issuance of Green Bonds, to finance and/or refinance Eligible Projects. 
Eligible Projects will be approved by the President and CEO of Fingrid, based on the proposal of the Green 
Finance Working Group that is formed of members of the Executive Management Group and members 
from the Treasury, Compliance and Sustainability, Environment and Land Use, Finance or other relevant 
departments. 
The Framework, including the information regarding the eligibility criteria for such Eligible Projects, and 
the 
Compliance 
Opinion 
are 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
at 
https://www.fingrid.fi/en/pages/investors/financing/green-financing/. For the avoidance of doubt, neither 
the Framework nor the Compliance Opinion (nor any amendment, replacement or supplement to the 
Framework or Compliance Opinion) are, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus. The Issuer intends to manage the net proceeds of any Green Bonds in a portfolio 
approach and track and monitor such proceeds accordingly. The Issuer intends to allocate these proceeds 
to an Eligible Green Project Portfolio (the "Eligible Green Project Portfolio"), selected in accordance 
with the eligibility criteria set out in the Framework on a best efforts basis. Unallocated net proceeds from 
Green Bonds are intended to be held temporarily in the Issuer's liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short 
term liquid instruments, at its own discretion. The Issuer intends to publish a report on its website 
(https://www.fingrid.fi/en/pages/investors/financing/green-financing/) 
describing 
the 
allocation 
of 
proceeds to the Eligible Green Project Portfolio, as well as an annual impact report describing the impact 
of the use of proceeds to the Eligible Green Project Portfolio. 
See further information under "Risk Factors—Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets".

--- Page 81 ---
- 72 - 
   
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the relevant Final Terms to be issued in NGN 
form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), (i) the Global Notes or the Global Certificates will 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper and (ii) the 
relevant clearing systems will be notified by the Issuing and Paying Agent whether or not such Global 
Notes or the Global Certificates are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary (as defined 
below). 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary") or registration of Registered Notes 
in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global 
Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber 
with a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
If the Global Note is a NGN, the principal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to 
time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system 
shall be conclusive evidence of the principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a 
statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may (if indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) also be credited to the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other 
clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by 
other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may 
similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other 
clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system (an "Alternative Clearing System") as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing 
System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global 
Note or the registered holder of the Global Certificate, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights 
arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules 
and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case 
may be). 
Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so 
long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the 
Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying 
Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchange 
1. 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with 
TEFRA C or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (see "Overview of the

--- Page 82 ---
- 73 - 
   
 
Programme – Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes 
defined and described below; and 
(B) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement, for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
Each Temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any Permanent Global Note or 
Definitive Notes for which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be 
exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes only. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are represented by a Temporary Global Note which is 
expressed to be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes at the option of the Noteholders, such 
Notes shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if 
more than one Specified Denomination, the lower Specified Denomination and multiples thereof). 
2. 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 4 below, in part for Definitive 
Notes or, in the case of paragraph 4 below, Registered Notes: 
(A) 
if the Permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice 
to the Issuing and Paying Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such 
Global Note for Registered Notes; or 
(B) 
otherwise, (1) if the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory 
or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does 
so,(2) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice 
to the Issuing and Paying Agent of its election for such exchange or (3) if the Issuer has 
or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one 
or more Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, 
transfers or exchanges of the holding of Registered Notes represented by any Global Certificate 
pursuant to Condition 2(b) (Transfer of Registered Notes) may only be made in part: 
(A) 
if the Registered Notes represented by the Global Certificate are held on behalf of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so; or 
(B) 
if principal in respect of any Registered Notes is not paid when due; or 
(C) 
with the consent of the Issuer 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3(A) or 
3(B) above, the holder of the Global Certificate has given the Registrar not less than 30 days' notice 
at its specified office of the intention of the holder of the Global Certificate to effect such transfer.

--- Page 83 ---
- 74 - 
   
 
4. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system so permit, such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable at the cost of the 
Issuer in part on one or more occasions (1) for Registered Notes if the Permanent Global Note is 
an Exchangeable Bearer Note and the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for 
Registered Notes, or (2) for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when 
due. 
5. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note 
may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to 
or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof 
to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a Permanent Global Note in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a Temporary Global Note that 
is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement 
of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note or Global 
Certificate exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery 
of, an equal aggregate principal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or 
Certificates, as the case may be or if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details 
of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Base 
Prospectus, "Definitive Notes" means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes 
for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons 
in respect of interest or that has not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive 
Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable 
legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to 
the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder 
so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant 
Definitive Notes. 
6. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry 
of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less 
than 60 days, or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure 
to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring 
exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Temporary Global Notes, the Permanent Global Notes and the Global Certificates contain provisions 
that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
1. 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Temporary Global Note 
unless exchange for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered 
Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any Temporary Global Note issued in 
compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Trust Deed. All payments 
in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in a CGN form will be made against presentation 
for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of 
that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as 
shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is CGN, a record 
of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima 
facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a

--- Page 84 ---
- 75 - 
   
 
NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each 
such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case 
of payments of principal, the principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced 
accordingly. Payments under the NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will 
discharge the Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records 
of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments 
made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the 
definition of "business day" set out in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the 
order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record 
date which shall be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for 
payment, where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 
December and 1 January. 
2. 
Calculation of Interest 
The calculation of any interest amount in respect of any Note which is represented by a Global 
Note or a Global Certificate will be calculated on the aggregate outstanding principal amount of 
the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate, as the case may be, and not by 
reference to the Calculation Amount. 
3. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Permanent Global Note or a 
Global Certificate will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of five years 
(in the case of both principal and interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes - Taxation"). 
4. 
Meetings 
For the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders the holder of a 
Permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall be treated as 
having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. 
All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of 
the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder's holding, whether or not 
represented by a Global Certificate. 
5. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
principal amount of the relevant Permanent Global Note. 
6. 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) if they are purchased together 
with the rights to receive all future payments of interest set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
7. 
Issuer's Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Terms and Conditions of any Notes while such Notes 
are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice 
to the Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the 
Terms and Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the certificate numbers 
of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes 
shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not 
all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the 
Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
relevant Alternative Clearing System, as the case may be (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear

--- Page 85 ---
- 76 - 
   
 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be)). 
8. 
Noteholders' Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Terms and Conditions of any Notes while such 
Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate may be exercised by the holder of the 
Global Note or Global Certificate giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time 
limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be 
required to contain the certificate numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been 
exercised, and stating the principal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and 
at the same time, where the Permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Global Note or Global 
Certificate to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN or where the Global Certificate 
is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata 
in the records of the relevant clearing system and the principal amount of the Notes recorded in 
those records will be reduced accordingly. 
9. 
NGN principal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to 
the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and 
upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the principal amount of the 
Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
10. 
Trustee's Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any 
Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may 
have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the 
identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global 
Note or Global Certificate and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the 
holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate. 
11. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate and such Global 
Note or Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of 
that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for 
communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the 
Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note or Global 
Certificate. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the 
business day (which for these purposes shall mean a day on which the relevant clearing systems 
are open for business) after the day on which the said notice was given to the relevant clearing 
system. 
12. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of 
any nominee for, a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given 
by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications 
systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and 
procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90 per cent. in principal amount 
of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the Trust Deed) shall, 
for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary 
Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the enhanced quorum requirements in the 
Trust Deed were satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting 
of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and

--- Page 86 ---
- 77 - 
   
 
holders of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic 
Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a 
Written Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer and 
the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to 
the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, by (a) accountholders in the clearing 
system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent 
from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for 
whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any 
such consent or instruction, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any 
certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the "relevant clearing 
system") and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder 
identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution 
passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the 
relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other 
document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided 
by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear's EUCLID or EasyWay or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline or Xact Web Portal) in accordance with its 
usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or principal 
amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. Neither 
the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as 
valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to 
be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 87 ---
- 78 - 
   
 
FINGRID OYJ 
Overview and History 
Fingrid is a public limited liability company incorporated under the Finnish Limited Liability Company 
Act (624/2006, as amended). Fingrid was registered in the Finnish Trade Register on 13 January 1997 under 
Business Identity Code 1072894-3 and it operates under Finnish law. Fingrid's registered address is at 
Läkkisepäntie 21, 00620 Helsinki, Finland, with telephone number +358 30 395 5000 and its domicile is 
Helsinki, Finland.  
Fingrid is the parent company of the Group. The Group comprises, in addition to the parent company 
Fingrid, two wholly-owned subsidiaries (Finextra Oy and Fingrid Datahub Oy). 
Fingrid holds an electricity network licence, owns Finland's high voltage electricity transmission system, 
that being the Main Grid, and holds the Main Grid agreements and the related cash flows. Fingrid is 
responsible for the Finnish electricity system and cross-border electricity transmission as well as controlling 
and maintaining emergency reserve power. Fingrid also owns reserve power plants used only in network 
disturbance situations. 
On 13 July 2009, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted the third energy 
package concerning the internal energy market (the "Energy Package"). The decision provides for, among 
other things, rules for a renewed internal electricity market, regulation on conditions for access to the 
network for cross-border exchanges in electricity and the requirement that transmission operations are 
unbundled from electricity generation and sales operations by March 2012. As a result of the Energy 
Package, Pohjolan Voima Oy ("PVO") and Fortum Power and Heat Oy ("Fortum") as electricity 
generation companies had to dispose of their shareholding. On 19 April 2011, Fortum and PVO sold their 
combined 50 per cent. shareholding in Fingrid to the State of Finland and Mutual Pension Insurance 
Company Ilmarinen. 
The Finnish Electricity Market Act that implements the Energy Package to Finnish legislation came into 
force on 1 September 2013. The EA issued a decision on 14 March 2014 in which it confirmed that Fingrid 
fulfils the requirements set out in the Finnish Electricity Market Act concerning the unbundling. The EA 
issued a decision on 19 January 2015 by which it granted Fingrid an electricity network licence and 
appointed Fingrid to be the Transmission System Operator in Finland (excluding Åland, Finland). 
The general meeting of shareholders of Fingrid held on 6 June 2014 amended Fingrid's Articles of 
Association by, for example, deleting a section of clause 3 that stated that a shareholder may vote with a 
maximum of forty-nine point nine per cent. (49.9 per cent.) of the total votes represented in the meeting. 
As a result of the deletion, the State of Finland, which directly and indirectly owns 53.17 per cent. of the 
shares of Fingrid entitling it to 70.87 per cent. of the votes, can vote with all its shareholding. Thus, it can 
be deemed that Fingrid is directly controlled by the State of Finland. All shareholders of Fingrid may use 
their rights over Fingrid in compliance with the provisions of the Finnish Limited Liability Company Act 
and Fingrid's Articles of Association.  
The following table sets forth the direct and indirect ownership in Fingrid of the State of Finland as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
 
 
 
Share of 
shares 
Share of 
votes 
 
(per cent.) 
State of Finland ............................................................................................................... 
36.90 
49.20 
Indirect ownership by the State of Finland: 
 
 
Finnish National Emergency Supply Agency ............................................................... 
16.24 
21.65 
State Pension Fund ....................................................................................................... 
 0.03 
  0.01 
Total indirect ownership.................................................................................................. 
16.27 
21.66 
Total direct and indirect ownership by the State of Finland ............................................ 
53.17 
70.87

--- Page 88 ---
- 79 - 
   
 
Business and Operations 
Fingrid is the owner and operator of the Main Grid and all major cross-border power interconnections with 
neighbouring countries. Fingrid's business comprises the provision of Main Grid services, cross-border 
services, balance services and electricity market services to connected customers as well as participants in 
the electricity market. Fingrid owns nearly 100 per cent. of Finland's 400 kV and 220 kV lines. The 110 kV 
lines owned by Fingrid (approximately half of the 110kV lines in Finland) complement the meshed 
structure of its network and enable direct access by all substantial consumption and production entities to 
the Main Grid. 
Power Transmission 
Fingrid owns and operates over 14,500 kilometres of power lines, 320 kilometres of undersea cables and 
124 electricity sub-stations. Fingrid transmitted through the Main Grid approximately 84.4 per cent. (or 
73.0 TWh) of the total electricity consumed in or transmitted via Finland in 2024. The balance was produced 
and consumed in regional grids or at industrial sites. 
Grid Operation and Asset Management 
Fingrid's approach to grid operation and asset management is driven by the system safety and security 
obligations imposed by the Finnish Electricity Market Act. In its operations, Fingrid employs modern 
information technology that allows real-time centralised monitoring and control of the network. Fingrid 
places considerable emphasis on up-to-date technology as well as automating and outsourcing of routine 
work. All strategic network tasks are performed by Fingrid's employees. Local operations and maintenance 
are outsourced to qualified subcontractors that are selected in a competitive tender process. Such suppliers 
need to comply with Fingrid's Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Services 
Main Grid Services 
Fingrid offers grid services to customers who are planning or already have a connection to the Main Grid 
and who want to transfer electricity through their connection point(s) to and from the Main Grid. Services 
include all aspects related to the Main Grid (e.g. planning, constructing, maintaining and operating the 
grid).  
Cross-border Services 
Cross-border services are offered to customers who transfer electricity through Fingrid's Nordic and 
Estonian connections. The total power transmission capacity available to Sweden, Norway and Estonia is 
offered to the power market with equal and uniform principles in the single European electricity market. 
Cross-border transmission between Finland and Russia ended on 14 May 2022. 
The day-ahead market (Single Day-Ahead Coupling, or "SDAC") and the intra-day market (Single Intraday 
Coupling, or "SIDC") are operated jointly by all the European Nominated Electricity Market Operators 
("NEMOs") and TSOs under the EU law. The NEMOs active in the Nordic region are Nord Pool AS and 
EPEX Spot. 
Since July 2022, Nordic RCC A/S ("Nordic RCC"), a Danish public limited liability company jointly 
owned by Fingrid, the Norwegian transmission system operator Statnett SF ("Statnett"), the Swedish 
transmission system operator Affärsverket Svenska Kraftnät ("Svenska Kraftnät") and the Danish 
transmission system operator Energinet ("Energinet"), has supported its owners in maintaining the 
operational security of the electricity systems across the Nordics, and has determined electricity system 
transmission capacities for the Nordic region. Fingrid has an obligation under the Finnish Electricity Market 
Act to ensure that the tasks of the regional coordination centre are being carried out as provided for in the 
Electricity Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2019/943) and to carry out related tasks of the transmission system 
operator. 
Balance Services 
Fingrid is responsible for maintaining a continuous power balance in Finland and for the imbalance 
settlement. Fingrid's customers can balance the difference between their electricity production, procurement

--- Page 89 ---
- 80 - 
   
 
and consumption and sales through Fingrid's balance services (i.e., balance power, balance settlement and 
participation in the Nordic balancing power market). Since May 2017, eSett Oy, a Finnish limited liability 
company jointly owned by Fingrid, Statnett and Svenska Kraftnät in equal shares, has provided imbalance 
settlement services to its owners. In May 2019, Energinet joined the Nordic imbalance settlement and 
became a shareholder in eSett Oy, as a result of which all four shareholders hold equal shares of 25 per 
cent. in eSett Oy. 
Centralised Information Exchange 
Based on the amendment (18.1.2019/108) to the Finnish Electricity Market Act, Fingrid has implemented 
a centralised information exchange system for the electricity retail market called Datahub, which was 
launched on 21 February 2022. Fingrid is responsible for providing and developing Datahub's services as 
well as for administering the registered information for electricity market needs. Datahub contains data 
from 3.9 million electricity metering points in Finland. Datahub's customers consists of electricity suppliers, 
distribution systems operators and service providers. Fingrid's fully-owned subsidiary Fingrid Datahub Oy 
implements the operational tasks related to Datahub. The EA has confirmed the regulation, methodology 
for pricing and service terms and conditions for the centralised information exchange.  
Earnings Model and Pricing 
The EA monitors the reasonableness of Fingrid's pricing. The EA has developed a methodology to assess 
the reasonableness of Fingrid's return. The EA has confirmed the methodology for pricing for the periods 
2024-2027 and 2028-2031. The current pricing methodology is based on nominal reasonable rate of return 
on the regulatory asset base. The entire electricity network was last revalued as at 31 December 2023 with 
2022 unit prices (the "Old Network"). Under the current methodology, there is no revaluation of the 
electricity network and, consequently, it was not subsequently revalued as at 31 December 2024. Fingrid 
receives a nominal reasonable rate of return ("Regulatory WACC") for the Old Network in use in 2024. 
The regulatory allowed return for investments commissioned in 2024 is based on the unit prices to be 
determined for the regulatory period 2024-2027 and Regulatory WACC. Total allowed regulatory return in 
2024 consisted of the nominal Regulatory WACC multiplied by the sum of the regulatory present values 
of the Old Network and  the investments commissioned since 1 January 2024, other non-current assets and 
trade receivables excluding non-interest bearing regulatory liabilities (regulatory Adjusted capital, RAB). 
The Main Grid services offered by Fingrid, and the manner in which those services are priced, are governed 
by the Finnish Electricity Market Act. The pricing structure is mainly based on consumption of electricity 
with seasonally higher tariffs during winter months December, January and February and lower tariffs at 
other times of the year.  
The Finnish Electricity Market Act was amended on 17 July 2021 to restrict a grid operator's ability to 
increase prices. The amendment entered into force on 1 August 2021. A Finnish grid operator may increase 
its electricity transmission charges up to a maximum of 8 per cent. of the electricity transmission charges 
collected during the 12 months preceding the increase. If the grid operator makes additional increases to 
the electricity transmission charges during a 12 month period commencing from the date of the initial 
increase, these additional increases may not exceed 8 per cent. of the electricity transmission charges 
collected during the 12 month period that preceded the initial increase.  
Congestion income 
Congestion income is generated when electricity prices diverge due to insufficient electricity transmission 
capacity between various bidding zones in the power exchange. An electricity supplier operating in an area 
with lower prices receives the local, lower price for their electricity whereas a purchaser of such electricity 
in an area with higher prices would pay the local, higher price. The power exchange collects the difference 
arising from pricing variations across areas and the electricity transmission among them. This amount is 
known as congestion income. Electricity prices are equal across Finland and, therefore, Fingrid accrues 
congestion income only in connection with cross-border electricity transmission.  
Congestion income is shared between the transmission system operators on the basis of EU regulation. 
When congestion arises in Fingrid's cross-border electricity transmission, the congestion income is divided 
evenly between the transmission system operators. EU regulation defines the use of congestion income for

--- Page 90 ---
- 81 - 
   
 
cross border investments, covering costs and revenue. Fingrid uses congestion income according to the EA 
guidelines in line with EU regulation. 
High electricity prices and substantial regional differences in prices have increased the congestion income 
accruing to transmission system operators in recent years, especially in 2022. In line with the EA's annual 
decisions, Fingrid allocates its congestion income on investments to increase cross-border capacity, for 
covering operating costs and as part of its revenue.  
Capital Expenditure 
Capital expenditure is planned with a 10-year time horizon and also includes preliminary plans for up to 
20-30 years ahead. Certain network projects are executed in a significantly shorter time horizon, for 
example, the lead-time is approximately five years for the construction and completion of new substations 
and power lines. Capital expenditure is driven by network aging, market development and needs to connect 
new power plants to the network based on the needs of Fingrid's customers. Investments into the main grid 
are expected to amount to €4 billion through to 2033. 
Certain Key Performance Indicators and Alternative Performance Measures  
The table set out in "—Reconciliation and Calculation Formulas of Certain Key Performance Indicators 
and Alternative Performance Measures " below includes certain financial measures that are not recognised 
financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU ("IFRS") 
("Alternative Performance Measures"), including (i) adjusted operating profit, (ii) adjusted EBITDA, 
(iii) net debt, (iv) net debt / adjusted EBITDA, (v) net debt / regulatory asset base ("RAB") and (vi) gross 
capital expenditure. For more information on the reasons for the use of and basis of calculation of the 
Alternative Performance Measures, see "—Reconciliation and Calculation Formulas of Certain Key 
Performance Indicators and Alternative Performance Measures" below. 
Fingrid presents the Alternative Performance Measures as additional information to financial measures 
presented in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated balance sheet and 
consolidated cash flow statement prepared in accordance with IFRS. The Alternative Performance 
Measures should not be viewed in isolation or as a substitute for the IFRS financial measures. Companies 
do not calculate alternative performance measures in a uniform way and, therefore, the Alternative 
Performance Measures may not be comparable with similarly named measures presented by other 
companies. Furthermore, the Alternative Performance Measures may not be indicative of Fingrid's 
historical results of operations and are not meant to be predictive of potential future results. Accordingly, 
undue reliance should not be placed on the Alternative Performance Measures. The Alternative 
Performance Measures are unaudited unless otherwise stated. 
Reconciliation and Calculation Formulas of Certain Key Performance Indicators and Alternative 
Performance Measures  
The following tables set forth the reconciliation of certain key performance indicators and Alternative 
Performance Measures used by Fingrid for the years indicated:  
 
As at and for the year ended 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(unaudited, unless otherwise indicated) 
 
(EUR in millions, unless otherwise indicated) 
Change in fair value of derivatives 
 
 
 
 
Gains from measuring derivatives at fair value(2) ........................  
0.2 
 
 
 
Gains/losses from measuring derivatives at fair value(2) ..............  
(38.5) 
 
 
 
Change in fair value of derivatives ..............................................  
-38.3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted operating profit(1) 
 
 
 
 
Operating result(2) ........................................................................  
200.6 
1.0 
290.4 
210.8 
Change in the fair value of derivatives ........................................  
(38.3) 
  (185.1) 
140.6 
      62.2 
Adjusted operating profit ............................................................  
238.9 
   186.1 
   149.8 
   148.6 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross capital expenditure(3) 
 
 
 
 
Increases to tangible and intangible assets and transfers from 
prepayments and purchases in progress to other tangible and 
intangible assets 
464.1 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Allocation of congestion income 
30.4 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Allocation of investment subsidies 
26.6 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A

--- Page 91 ---
- 82 - 
   
 
 
As at and for the year ended 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(unaudited, unless otherwise indicated) 
 
(EUR in millions, unless otherwise indicated) 
Change in fair value of derivatives related to capital expenditure 
(0.2) 
N/A 
N/A 
N/A 
Gross capital expenditure ............................................................  
520.9(2) 
322.0(2) 
276.1(2) 
213.5(4) 
 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted EBITDA(5) 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted operating profit ............................................................  
238.9 
186.1 
149.8 
148.6 
Depreciation and amortisation expense(2) ....................................  
128.7 
123.3 
   107.9 
     99.9 
Adjusted EBITDA ......................................................................  
367.6 
309.4 
   257.7 
   248.5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest-bearing borrowings(6) 
 
 
 
 
Non-current borrowings ..............................................................  
1,491.1 
626.6 
963.4 
994.2 
Non-current lease liabilities ........................................................  
48.5 
28.0 
27.0 
28.5 
Current borrowings .....................................................................  
317.9 
340.3 
63.0 
132.9 
Current lease liabilities ................................................................  
2.9 
3.2 
2.7 
2.6 
Interest-bearing borrowings ........................................................  
1,860.3 
998.1 
1,056.2 
1,158.1 
 
 
 
 
 
Net debt(7) 
 
 
 
 
Interest-bearing borrowings ........................................................  
1,860.3 
998.1 
1,056.2 
1,158.1 
Cash and cash equivalents(2) ........................................................  
(611.3) 
(253.7) 
(383.4) 
(99.3) 
Other financial assets(2) ...............................................................  
(145.4) 
(133.3) 
  (350.0) 
  (120.3) 
Other long-term investments(2)(8) 
(81.8) 
(75.9) 
n/a 
n/a 
Net debt.......................................................................................  
1,021.7 
535.2 
   322.7 
   938.5 
 
 
 
 
 
Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA(9) 
 
 
 
 
Net debt.......................................................................................  
1,021.7 
535.2 
322.7 
938.5 
Adjusted EBITDA ......................................................................  
367.6 
309.4 
257.7 
248.5 
Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA, ratio .............................................  
2.8 
1.7 
1.3 
3.8 
 
 
 
 
 
Net debt / RAB(10) 
 
 
 
 
Net debt.......................................................................................  
1,021.7 
535.2 
322.7 
938.5 
Adjusted capital (RAB)(11) ...........................................................  
3,700.0 
3,100.0 
3,000.0 
3,100.0 
Net debt / RAB, percent ..............................................................  
28 
17 
11 
30

--- Page 92 ---
- 83 - 
   
 
(1) 
Adjusted operating profit 
= 
Operating profit - Change in the fair value of derivatives 
 
 
 
 
(2) 
Derived from audited financial 
statements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(3) 
For the year ended 31 December 2024, Gross capital expenditure consists of increases to tangible and intangible assets including transfers 
from prepayments and purchases in progress to other tangible and intangible assets and to associated companies, the allocation of 
congestion income to assets, investment subsidies received and impact from change in fair value of derivatives related to capital 
expenditure. Reported gross capital expenditure is prepared on the basis consistent with the accounting principles of the Issuer. 
 
For the years ended 31 December 2023, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, Gross capital expenditure consists of increases to 
tangible and intangible assets and to associated companies excluding the allocation of congestion income to assets and investment 
subsidies received. Reported gross capital expenditure, is prepared on the basis consistent with the accounting principles of the Issuer.  
 
 
 
 
(4) 
Gross capital expenditure for the year ended 31 December 2021 is based on the adjusted comparative figure included in the financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
 
 
 
 
(5) 
Adjusted EBITDA 
= 
Adjusted operating profit + Depreciation and amortisation 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(6) 
Interest-bearing borrowings 
= 
Non-current borrowings + Non-current lease liabilities + Current borrowings + Current 
lease liabilities 
 
 
 
 
(7) 
Net debt 
= 
Interest-bearing borrowings - Cash and cash equivalents - Other financial assets - Other 
long-term investments 
 
 
 
 
(8) 
Other long-term investments for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2024 includes investments in listed bonds linked with the asset 
management contract in which the maturity of an individual bond is no more than three years. For the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
2022 there were no similar investments. 
 
 
 
 
(9) 
Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA 
= 
Net debt 
Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 
 
 
 
(10) 
Net debt/RAB 
= 
Net debt 
×100 
RAB 
 
 
 
 
 
(11) 
The Adjusted capital figures are Fingrid's estimates not verified by the EA. In the regulation methods for electricity transmission network 
operations as determined by the EA, the TSO's annual reasonable return is calculated by multiplying the regulatory adjusted capital invested 
in network operations (Adjusted capital) by the reasonable rate of return (Regulatory WACC). Fingrid defines Adjusted capital as regulatory 
asset base (RAB) for the purposes of calculating Fingrid's Alternative Performance Measures. RAB is calculated annually by Fingrid and 
approved by the EA after each regulatory period. Hence, in Fingrid's view, RAB is not considered as an Alternative Performance Measure. 
 
 
 
Regulatory Framework  
Fingrid is the only entity licensed in continental Finland to conduct national high voltage power 
transmission. On 10 April 2014, Fingrid applied for a new licence under the Finnish Electricity Market Act. 
The new licence was issued by the EA on 19 January 2015. The licence is valid until further notice. 
A precondition for grant of the license was that Fingrid was certified as an unbundled Transmission System 
Operator. This decision was made by the EA on 14 March 2014 as mentioned above. The unbundling 
decision includes two conditions relating to the shareholders of Fingrid that Fingrid has to fulfil: Fingrid 
has to notify the EA if any other shareholder other than the State of Finland purchases more than 5 per cent. 
of the shares in a company that produces or supplies power and any subsequent 1 per cent. holding increase 
thereof; and a shareholder of Fingrid who held 0.13 per cent. of voting shares at the time had to renounce 
such voting shares by 31 December 2016. This matter was resolved between the shareholder and the EA so 
that the shareholder gave up voting rights in a way acceptable to the EA. 
Under the terms of the Finnish Electricity Market Act and the decree (27.8.2013/635) issued by the Ministry 
of Economic Affairs and Employment concerning the systems responsibility of the Transmission System 
Operator, Fingrid's primary obligations are to:  
1. ensure that the Main Grid can fulfil reasonable demands for electricity transmission in the long 
term; 
2. manage the operations of the Main Grid so that it operates safely, reliably and efficiently; 
3. maintain adequate resources concerning the Main Grid service so that the party responsible for 
the system can on its part secure the delivery of reliable electricity; 
4. manage the required ancillary services; and 
5. take care of balance management and settlement.

--- Page 93 ---
- 84 - 
   
 
These obligations also include requirements in relation to operational security, safety of operations, 
environmental matters, reliable metering, equal and non-discriminatory access to the Main Grid and 
provision of adequate information for the EA to be able to fulfil its monitoring duty. 
Legal Proceedings 
In November 2023, the Energy Authority issued a decision on the terms and conditions for balance 
responsible parties, which include the principles for how collateral requirements are determined. The 
Energy Authority's decision includes major changes to the current collateral terms and conditions and sets 
apart Finland's collateral model from that used in other Nordic countries. The most significant changes 
involve a substantial reduction in required collateral, the removal of additional collateral requirements 
based on needs, and the potential introduction of a collateral ceiling. Fingrid appealed to the Market Court 
on 2 January 2024 against the Energy Authority's decision on balance service terms. The appeal mainly 
concerns the collateral model for balance responsible parties that was presented in the decision. 
On 29 January 2024, Fingrid appealed to the Market Court to change the decision of the Energy Authority's 
on the methods for determining the return on electricity transmission operations for the sixth (1 January 
2024 – 31 December 2027) and seventh (1 January 2028 – 31 December 2031) regulatory periods. 
According to Fingrid's assessment, the decision on the regulatory methods is a significant weakening of the 
electricity transmission grid operations' reasonable return regulatory method that expired at year-end. 
Fingrid believes that the impact assessment in the preparation of the decision on the regulatory model was 
inadequate and that the proposed decision still contains interpretative issues. Fingrid's goal is a solution that 
would allow for the continued development of the grid, enabling the realisation of hundreds of billions of 
euros in green transition investments in Finland as planned. 
On 15 February 2024, Fingrid appealed to the Market Court to change the decision of the Energy Authority's 
decision on 11 January 2024, concerning the scope of the system responsibility of the transmission system 
operator in the connection matter of the 'Olkiluoto 3 ("OL3") nuclear power plant. Teollisuuden Voima 
Oyj ("TVO") submitted an investigation request to the Energy Authority on 25 May 2022 regarding TVO's 
claims that Fingrid had neglected its network development obligation set out in the Electricity Market Act 
and/or other applicable legislation, thereby imposing unlawful restrictions on the connection of the OL3 
nuclear power plant to the transmission network, and that Fingrid had violated its administrative law 
obligations related to the performance of its public administrative task. In its decision on 11 January 2024, 
the Energy Authority stated that Fingrid had fulfilled its system responsibility for development, connection, 
and transmission obligations in accordance with the Electricity Market Act. The Energy Authority also 
found that the 1300 MW power limit defined in Fingrid's connection terms is justified and that Fingrid has 
not restricted OL3's access to the grid. However, the Energy Authority concluded that the OL3 system 
protection scheme falls under Fingrid's responsibility based on a transmission system operator’s protection 
scheme as intended by the legislation, and that Fingrid is in breach of Article 9 of Commission Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1485 on guidelines for the operation of the electricity transmission system and Section 10, 
Subsection 1 of the Act on the Supervision of the Electricity and Natural Gas Markets (2013/590) to bring 
the determination principles for fees it applies for approval by the Energy Authority prior to their 
implementation. 
In accordance with the Energy Authority's decision, Fingrid submitted its proposal for the principles for 
determining the charges related to the OL3 system protection scheme on 30 April 2024.  
The Energy Authority issued its decision on the principles for determining the charges on 30 December 
2024. According to the decision, TVO will bear the costs related to compensation for system protection 
targets and the construction, maintenance, and operation of communication connections. Fingrid, on the 
other hand, will bear the costs related to the acquisition and contracting of targets, the administration of the 
OL3 system protection scheme, the testing of related facilities, and the maintenance of the OL3 system 
protection scheme measurement and monitoring system in Fingrid's operational control system. Fingrid and 
TVO have agreed on temporary payment arrangements for the OL3 system protection scheme starting 1 
January 2025. The agreement is based on the Energy Authority's decision given 30 December 2024, 
regarding the costs of the system protection scheme. The temporary payment arrangements for the OL3 
system protection scheme do not directly affect the legal process concerning the scope of system protection 
scheme, which continues in the Market Court. On 29 January 2025, Fingrid appealed to the Market Court 
against the decision issued by the Energy Authority on 30 December 2024 concerning the confirmation of 
the determination principles for fees for the OL3 nuclear power plant’s system protection scheme. In 
Fingrid’s view, the OL3 system protection scheme is not included in its statutory system responsibility,

--- Page 94 ---
- 85 - 
   
 
which means that it is not responsible for the implementation of the OL3 system protection scheme or any 
fees. 
Fingrid received an expropriation permit on 27 October 2022 for the widening of the neutral zone of the 
Torna-Lautakari transmission line area. At the initial meeting of the expropriation procedure on 1 December 
2022 the expropriation committee decided that the expropriator is obliged to take possession of the forest 
in accordance with the rights and restrictions set by the expropriation permit, unless otherwise agreed. The 
final meeting of the expropriation procedure was held on 16 November 2023. Fingrid has appealed the 
decision on the expropriation of the forest in Torna-Lautakari to the Land Court of the District Court of 
Southwest Finland on 22 December 2023.  
Directors and Executive Management Group 
The members of the Board and Executive Management Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus, their 
positions and, where significant, their principal activities outside the Group are as follows:  
Board of Directors 
Name 
Position 
Principal Activities outside the Group  
Mr. Hannu Linna 
Chair 
Board work, Board Member, Gasgrid vetyverkot Oy  
 
 
 
Mrs. Leena Mörttinen 
Deputy Chair 
Permanent Under-Secretary of Ministry of Finance, EU-
, International and Financial Markets Affairs, Board 
Member, Arctica Oy, 
 
 
 
Mr. Jero Ahola 
Member 
Head of the Department of Electrical Engineering and 
Professor of Energy Efficiency in Electricity-driven 
Systems, LUT University, Advisory partner and co-
founder, Solar Foods Oy, Elstor Oy and Afstor Oy, 
Board Member, Gasgrid Finland Oy, Board Member, 
CLIC Innovation Ltd, Member of Executive Council 
(ex-officio) and Scientific Council, European Power 
Electronics Association 
 
 
 
Mrs. Anne Jalkala 
Member 
Executive Vice President, Weather, Energy and 
Environment, Vaisala Corporation, Board Member and 
Chair of the Commerce and Audit Committee, Tampere 
University, 
Delegate, 
Finnish 
Foundation 
for 
Technology Promotion 
 
 
 
 
Mikko Mursula 
 
Member 
Deputy CEO, investments, Mutual Pension Insurance 
Company Ilmarinen, Board Member, Kojamo plc, 
Board Member, Jane and Aatos Erkko Foundation, 
Chair of the Investment Committee, Aalto University 
foundation 
 
 
 
Proposed Board of Directors  
On 31 January 2025, the Shareholders' Nomination Board proposed to the Annual General Meeting planned 
to be held on 2 April 2025, that the Board of Directors consist of five members and that, of the current 
members of the Board of Directors, Leena Mörttinen, Jero Ahola, Anne Jalkala and Mikko Mursula be re-
elected members of the Board of Directors until the end of the Annual General Meeting of 2026. Hannu 
Linna has announced that he is not available for re-election to the Board of Directors. In addition, the 
Shareholders' Nomination Board proposed that from the current members of the Board of Directors, Leena 
Mörttinen re-elected as the Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors. On 12 March 2025, in addition to the 
already published proposals, the Shareholders' Nomination Board proposed that Eeva-Liisa Virkkunen be 
elected a new member and Chair of the Board of Directors until the end of the Annual General Meeting of 
2026. 
The proposed member to the Board of Directors, his positions and, where significant, their principal 
activities outside the Group are as follows:

--- Page 95 ---
- 86 - 
   
 
Name 
Proposed Position 
Principal Activities outside the 
Group 
Eeva-Liisa Virkkunen 
Chair 
Chair of the Board, Sotkamo 
Silver Oy, Vice Chair of the 
Board,  Länsirata Oy, Vice Chair 
of the Board, Neova Oy*, and 
Board Member, Robit Oyj 
 
 
 
*Eeva-Liisa Virkkunen will resign from her position in the Board of Neova Oy. 
Executive Management Group 
Name 
Position 
Principal Activities outside the Group 
Mrs. Asta Sihvonen-
Punkka 
President and CEO  
Board Member, Finnish Energy Association, 
Board Member, Gasgrid Finland Oy, Assembly 
Member and Vice-President, ENTSO-E 
 
 
 
Mr. Timo Kiiveri 
Executive Vice 
President, Senior 
Vice President, Grid 
Asset Management 
Advisory Board Member, FoxDo, Deputy Board 
Member, Vipetec Oy 
 
 
 
Mr. Jukka Metsälä 
Chief Financial 
Officer 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Jussi Jyrinsalo 
Senior Vice 
President, Customers 
and Grid Planning 
Member of Finnish Energy Grid Committee, 
Member and Chair of Nordic Grid Planning 
Committee Group, Advisory Board Member of 
Electricity 
and 
Automation 
Engineering, 
Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, Chair 
of Baltic Grid Planning Committee Group 
 
 
 
Mrs. Tiina Miettinen 
Senior Vice 
President, Society, 
People and Safety & 
Security 
Member, 
Finnish 
Energy 
Labour 
Market 
Committee 
 
 
 
Mr. Antti Keskinen 
Director, Electricity 
Markets 
Board Member, GF Infrastructure Ltd, CEO and 
Board Member, Kurppa Holding Oy 
 
 
 
Mr. Tuomas Rauhala 
Senior Vice 
President, Power 
System Operations 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Kari Suominen 
Chief Information 
Officer 
Member, ENTSO-E ICT  
Committee, Board Member, eSett Oy 
 
 
 
Mrs. Marina Louhija 
General Counsel, 
Sustainability and 
Legal Affairs  
Member of the Group of Delegates of the Helsinki 
Region Chamber of the Commerce, Member of the 
Board, Nordic RCC A/S, Board Member, 
Metropolitan Area Transport Ltd 
 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Management Group is 
Läkkisepäntie 21, 00620 Helsinki, Finland. 
None of the members of the Board of Directors or the Executive Management Group have any conflict or 
potential conflict of interests between their duties to Fingrid and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 96 ---
- 87 - 
   
 
TAXATION 
General 
The comments below are of a general nature and are not intended to be exhaustive. Any Noteholders who 
are in doubt as to their own tax position should consult their professional advisers. 
1. 
Finnish Taxation 
The following summary outlines Finnish tax consequences to holders of Notes who are not 
residents of Finland for tax purposes and who are not engaged in business in Finland for Finnish 
tax purposes through a permanent place of business in Finland or otherwise. Purchasers are urged 
to consult their professional advisers as to the tax consequences of holding or transferring Notes. 
Under present Finnish law, payments of the principal of and interest (if any) on the Notes will be 
exempt from all taxes, duties, fees and imposts of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or within 
the Republic of Finland or by any province, municipality or other political sub-division or taxing 
authority thereof and therein, except when the holder of the Note or Coupon to which any such 
payment relates is subject to such taxation thereon by reason of such holder being connected with 
the Republic of Finland otherwise than solely by his holding of such Note or Coupon or the receipt 
of income therefrom. However, interest payments made by the Issuer or a securities dealer (i.e. a 
Finnish financial institution making the payment) to holders of the Notes who are not resident in 
Finland for tax purposes may, nevertheless, be subject to Finnish withholding tax, unless the 
identity of the holders of the Notes can be appropriately established. See "Risk Factors – Risks 
related to Notes generally - Interest payments on the Notes may be subject to Finnish withholding 
tax if the Noteholder's status as a not resident of Finland for tax purposes cannot be appropriately 
established". 
The above holders of the Notes are not liable to pay Finnish capital gains tax on Notes nor is 
transfer tax in general payable on a transfer of Notes. 
Transfers of Notes by a non-resident by way of a gift or by reason of the death of the owner may 
be subject to Finnish gift or inheritance tax, respectively, to the extent that either party is tax 
resident in Finland. 
2. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly 
known as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" (as defined in FATCA) may be required to 
withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet 
certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Finland) have entered into, or 
have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the publication of the final regulations defining foreign passthru payments and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for 
U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date 
(including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described 
under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject 
to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes 
offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result

--- Page 97 ---
- 88 - 
   
 
of the withholding. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. 
3. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013 the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's 
Proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings 
in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. 
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 98 ---
- 89 - 
   
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and the conditions contained in an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement 
dated 19 March 2025 (the "Programme Agreement") between the Issuer and the Permanent Dealers, the 
Notes will be offered from time to time by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has 
reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The 
Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as 
agents of the Issuer. The Programme Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches 
that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer, which 
commission may be deducted from the net proceeds payable to the Issuer on the closing of any series of 
Notes. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses incurred in connection 
with the establishment and the update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in 
connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they 
make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and regulations 
thereunder. The relevant Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D apply or whether 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that, except as permitted by the Programme 
Agreement, it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any 
identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer (in the 
case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant Lead Manager (in the case of a syndicated issue), within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to 
which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, an 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 99 ---
- 90 - 
   
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of 
Japan.  As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or

--- Page 100 ---
- 91 - 
   
 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to 
an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Final Terms in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it shall, to the best of its knowledge and belief, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes 
the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms in all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 101 ---
- 92 - 
   
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as 
modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products "]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
Final Terms dated [●]

--- Page 102 ---
- 93 - 
   
 
FINGRID OYJ 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 19 March 2025 [and the supplemental base prospectus 
dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental base prospectus] [has][have] been published 
on Euronext Dublin's website (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [14 November 2012/14 November 2013/7 March 
2017/18 March 2020/4 March 2024] and incorporated by reference into the base prospectus dated 19 March 
2025 (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus [and the supplemental base prospectus dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental base prospectus] 
[has][have] been published on Euronext Dublin website (https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
1 
Issuer: 
Fingrid Oyj 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes became 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with [●] on the [Issue Date].] 
3 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [●]] 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof 
up to and including [●]. No Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●]

--- Page 103 ---
- 94 - 
   
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable]] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] [EURIBOR/BA-
CDOR/BBSW/HIBOR/ 
NIBOR/SIBOR/STIBOR/Compounded 
Daily 
€STR/SONIA/SOFR] +/- [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] [Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[At par]/[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their principal 
amount] 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the [Interest 
Commencement Date][Issue Date], up to (but 
excluding) [date] paragraph [14/15] applies and for 
the period from (and including) [date], up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [14/15] 
applies]/[Not Applicable] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
For details see paragraph(s)[17/18/19] 
13 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
[(ii) 
Date Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]  
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year

--- Page 104 ---
- 95 - 
   
 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Interest Period(s) 
/Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in paragraph 
15(iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the 
Business Day Convention in paragraph 15(iv) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period Dates: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in paragraph 
15(iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the 
Business Day Convention in paragraph 15(iv) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date /if 
different to Specified Interest 
Payment Date]: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[[●]] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/ BA-CDOR/ BBSW/ HIBOR/ NIBOR / 
SIBOR/ STIBOR/ Compounded Daily €STR/ 
SONIA/ SOFR] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/[●] 
[London 
Banking 
Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/TARGET 
Settlement Days] prior to each Interest Payment 
Date] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/ Observation Shift]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [●] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5 /[●] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days 
/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent)

--- Page 105 ---
- 96 - 
   
 
D: 
[360/365/[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis]  
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call): 
[Applicable - [[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Early 
Redemption Amount calculated in accordance with 
Condition 6(b)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption 
Amount: 
[Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 106 ---
- 97 - 
   
 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs(a) – (f) of this paragraph)] 
 
 
[(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond]] 
 
 
[(b) 
Quotation Time: 
[●]] 
 
 
[(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
[●] per cent.] 
 
 
[(d) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●]] 
 
 
[(e)  
Par Redemption Date: 
[●]] 
 
 
[(f) 
Determination Agent 
[●]] 
 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
18 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
6(b)] 
19 
Clean-up Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(a) 
Notice Period: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Clean-up Call 
Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Clean-up Call 
Threshold: 
[As set out in the Conditions /[●] per cent. of the 
principal amount of the Notes] 
20 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
21 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
Event of Default: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
6(b)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes:

--- Page 107 ---
- 98 - 
   
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, 
held under the NSS)]] 
23 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
24 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes]/[No]/[Not Applicable] 
25 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
26 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are left.] 
 
Third Party Information 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 108 ---
- 99 - 
   
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin's regulated market with effect from 
[●].]/[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market 
with effect from [●]. 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to 
be] rated [by one or more of the below rating 
agencies]: 
 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●] and/or] 
 
 
[Other] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA 
and 
registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) 
on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.].  
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under

--- Page 109 ---
- 100 - 
   
 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
 
["Save as discussed in [the "Subscription and Sale" section of the Base Prospectus], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."]] 
4 
Use of Proceeds and Estimated Net Proceeds 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
The proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used 
by the Issuer [for general corporate purposes] / 
[specify green bond use of proceeds] / [specify 
other]] 
 
Estimated Net Proceeds: 
[●] 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6 
Operational Information 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[●] 
 
FISN: 
[●] 
 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[[EURIBOR / BA-CDOR / BBSW / HIBOR / 
NIBOR / SIBOR / STIBOR / €STR/ SONIA/ SOFR] 
is provided by [administrator legal name]. [As at the 
date 
hereof, 
[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended.]/[As far as

--- Page 110 ---
- 101 - 
   
 
the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [EURIBOR 
/ BA-CDOR / BBSW / HIBOR / NIBOR / SIBOR / 
STIBOR / €STR/ SONIA/ SOFR] does not fall 
within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended.]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for registered notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7 
Distribution  
 
 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable]/[give names] 
 
If syndicated: 
[Not Applicable]/[give names] 
 
Names of Dealers: 
 
 
Stabilisation Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable]/[give names] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[give name] 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. 
S 
Compliance 
Category 
2; 
TEFRA 
C/TEFRAD/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 111 ---
- 102 - 
   
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of 
a Temporary or Permanent Global Note or one or more certificates in respect of each Tranche. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the 
period of twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the Market. Prior to official listing and admission to trading, however, dealings 
will be permitted by Euronext Dublin in accordance with its rules. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Finland in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. The establishment of the Programme was 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Fingrid passed on 1 April 1998, and the 
update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Fingrid passed 
on 4 March 2025. 
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer 
or the Group, and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2024. 
(4) 
Except as described under "Fingrid Oyj—Legal Proceedings", there are no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this document, which may have, or 
have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer 
or the Group. 
(5) 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the 
following legend: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to 
limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in 
sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of the United States". 
(6) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
systems. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") (and 
any other relevant financial instrument codes, such as CFI and FISN) for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If 
the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address 
of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(7) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the 
relevant Final Terms, based on then prevailing market conditions. 
(8) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will be available for inspection (in electronic format) at https://www.fingrid.fi/en: 
(i) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the Global Certificates, the 
definitive Bearer Notes, the Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(iii) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (together with an English translation thereof); 
(iv) 
the published annual review and financial statements of the Issuer for the two financial 
years most recently ended together with any subsequent interim statements; 
(v) 
each Final Terms; and

--- Page 112 ---
- 103 - 
   
 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus is also available at Euronext Dublin's website 
(https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
The English translation of the constitutive documents and the financial statements of the Issuer is 
an accurate, complete and direct translation of the original Finnish text. In the event of any 
discrepancy between the English translation and the Finnish version thereof, the Finnish version 
shall prevail. 
(9) 
Copies of the latest annual report and consolidated financial statements and any interim 
consolidated financial statements of Fingrid and copies of the Trust Deed will be available for 
inspection at, the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so 
long as any of the Notes is outstanding. 
(10) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy have audited, and rendered an unqualified audit report on, the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2023 (auditor with 
principal responsibility Martin Grandell (who is registered in the auditor register in accordance 
with Chapter 6, Section 9 in the Finnish Auditing Act (1141/2015, as amended) (the "Finnish 
Auditing Act")). 
KPMG Oy Ab was appointed as auditor of the Issuer at the Annual General Meeting held on 21 
March 2024. Heidi Hyry, Authorised Public Accountant (KHT), is the auditor with principal 
responsibility.  Heidi Hyry is registered in the auditor register in accordance with Chapter 6, 
Section 9 of the Finnish Auditing Act, and is a member of the Finnish Association of Authorised 
Public Accountants. KPMG Oy Ab have audited, and rendered an unqualified audit report on, the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2024. 
(11) 
In respect of any Fixed Rate Notes, any indication of yield specified in the relevant Final Terms is 
calculated at the relevant Issue Date on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. It is not an indication 
of future yield. 
(12) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of 
the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer and its 
affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and its affiliates consistent with their customary 
risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme.  Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under 
the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments 
(13) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 7437006ZZI1F7CUA5518. 
(14) 
The Issuer's website is http://www.fingrid.fi. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 113 ---
- 104 - 
   
 
(15) 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Market or to trading 
on the Market.

--- Page 114 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Fingrid Oyj 
Läkkisepäntie 21 
00620 Helsinki 
Finland 
ARRANGER 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
DEALERS 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
Danske Bank A/S 
Bernstorffsgade 40 
DK-1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
Gebhardinaukio 1 
P.O. Box 308 
FIN-00510 
Helsinki 
Finland 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 115 ---
REGISTRAR AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
AUDITORS 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2023 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2024 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
Itämerentori 2 
FIN-00180 Helsinki 
Finland 
KPMG Oy Ab 
Töölönlahdenkatu 3 A 
FI-00100 Helsinki 
Finland  
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Finnish law 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd 
PO Box 233 (Eteläesplanadi 14) 
FI-00131 Helsinki 
Finland  
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
To the Issuer as to English law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland