--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 19 March 2021 
 
Fingrid Oyj 
(Incorporated in Finland as a public limited liability company 
under the Finnish Companies Act with business identity code 1072894-3) 
€1,500,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the Debt Issuance Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Fingrid Oyj (the “Issuer”, “Fingrid” or the “Company”), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue debt securities (the “Notes”). Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, the Notes may have a minimum maturity of one month and no maximum maturity. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €1,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “CBI”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The 
CBI only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state (each a “Member State”) of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or in the United 
Kingdom. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve 
months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Market”). References in this Base 
Prospectus to the Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and have been admitted to trading on the 
Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
(“MiFID II”). 
The Issuer may request the CBI to provide competent authorities in Member States of the EEA with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn 
up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (a “Notification”). 
Following provision of a Notification, the Issuer may make an application to the relevant competent authority for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed, admitted to 
trading and/or quoted on the regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II of any Member State, either together with a listing on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or as a 
single listing. If any Notes issued under the Programme are to be listed, admitted to trading and/or quoted on the regulated market of any Member State in respect of which a 
Notification has been provided to the relevant competent authority of such Member State, this will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Series (as defined below) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (a “temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global 
note in bearer form (a “permanent Global Note” and each of the temporary Global Note and permanent Global Note, a “Global Note”). If the Global Notes are stated in the 
applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) (the “Common Depositary”). 
Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered 
Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may be deposited on the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche with a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes or Global Certificates for other Global Notes and definitive Notes and Certificates, respectively, are described 
in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
The Programme has been rated AA- in respect of its long-term public issue credit rating for the Programme by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and A+ in respect of 
the Programme by Fitch Ratings Ltd (“Fitch”). S&P is established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, on credit rating agencies (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”). S&P appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 4 January 2021) on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu. The rating 
S&P has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”). Fitch is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating 
agencies (as of 4 February 2021) on UK FCA’s Financial Services Register. The rating Fitch has given to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited, which is established in the EEA and registered under the “EU CRA Regulation”. 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “Overview of the Programme - Method of Issue”) to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be 
rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme or to the Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating assigned to the Issuer, the Programme or the Notes is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The minimum specified denominations of the Notes issued under this Programme shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. See “Supplemental Prospectus” for further details. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger 
ING 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Danske Bank 
ING 
Nordea 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
SEB 
Swedbank

--- Page 2 ---
- ii - 
 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined below). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor 
any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has 
been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and affiliates (the “Group”) since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”), and may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to U.S. persons. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of any of the Issuer, 
the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger 
or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger 
and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise 
(save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such 
statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis 
of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, 
the Dealers or the Arranger that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements 
should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements and its purchase of 
Notes should be based upon any such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the 
Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of 
the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in 
the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the Programme or 
the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience 
to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant 
Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement; (ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will 
have on its overall investment portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of

--- Page 3 ---
- iii - 
 
 
the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more 
currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which 
such investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; (iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the 
relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and (v) be 
able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. Some 
Notes issued under the Programme may be complex financial instruments and such instruments may be 
purchased by investors as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) 
to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “Overview of the Programme - Method of 
Issue”), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) appointed as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) 
(or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions 
with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of 
any Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, 
if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting 
on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€” or 
“euro” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Communities (as amended from time to time) and 
references to “U.S. Dollars” are to the currency of the United States of America. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – A determination will be made in relation to each issue 
about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 
2017/593 (the “EU MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR - A determination will be made in relation to each issue about 
whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment;

--- Page 4 ---
- iv - 
 
 
however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PRIIPs / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance 
Mediation Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, be calculated 
by reference to a Reference Rate (as defined in the conditions of the Notes). Any such Reference Rate may 
constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). 
If any such Reference Rate does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not 
the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to 
Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. The registration 
status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator. 
RATINGS 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes 
will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency

--- Page 5 ---
- v - 
 
 
not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 2 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................................... 17 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 22 
SUPPLEMENTAL PROSPECTUS ........................................................................................................... 24 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 25 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 61 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............... 62 
FINGRID OYJ ........................................................................................................................................... 68 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................... 73 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 75 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................ 78 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................... 87

--- Page 7 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in Notes issued under the 
Programme, prospective investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in 
the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the industry in which it operates together with all other information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making 
an investment in any Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating 
to the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer, or that it currently deems immaterial, may 
individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of 
operations and/or financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes 
may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. 
The risk factors presented herein have been divided into the following categories based on their nature. 
These categories are: 
1 factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with the 
Programme; 
1.1. strategic risks; 
1.2. business risks; 
2 factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme; 
2.1. risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
2.2. risks related to the Notes; and 
2.3. risks related to the market. 
Within each category, the risk factor estimated to be the most material on the basis of an overall evaluation 
of the criteria set out in the Prospectus Regulation is presented first. However, the order in which the risk 
factors are presented after the first risk factor in each category is not intended to reflect either the relative 
probability or the potential effect of their materialisation. The order of the categories does not represent any 
evaluation of the materiality of the risk factors within that category, when compared to risk factors in 
another category. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, 
including any document incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own views, based upon their own 
judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, 
prior to making any investment decision. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the 
Notes issued under the Programme is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus 
and their personal circumstances. 
1. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with 
the Programme 
1.1 
Strategic Risks 
Strategic risks (as set out below under “Severe electricity disturbance”, “Significant 
change in regulation” and “Distortion in corporate culture”) are considered by the 
Company to be events that may materially affect the Company’s ability to operate its 
business or materially affect its reputation or, in the worst-case scenario, events that may 
result in the Company’s operations being challenged to a degree that may result in a loss 
of the Company’s operating licence or changes in the Company’s regulatory framework. 
Such events may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position and 
its ability to meet its payment obligations.

--- Page 8 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
Severe electricity disturbance 
The Company is subject to a risk of a severe disturbance related to the functioning of the 
power system, leading to a regional or country-wide loss of electricity supply in Finland. 
Extensive disturbances to the power system can be caused, for example, by a technical 
malfunction, an extreme weather event, human error, an accident or vandalism. A severe 
disturbance affecting the power system may paralyse many critical functions that are 
critical to the Finnish society and may cause significant damage to Finnish businesses and 
industries. As the Company is responsible for the Finnish electricity system and cross-
border transmission as well as controlling and maintaining emergency reserve power, a 
prolonged major disturbance may result in significant revenue losses and cost increases 
for the Company should the incident entail significant disturbance management or liability 
costs. 
Although the Company can take certain actions to minimise the risk of severe electricity 
disturbances through grid investments, reserve power plants, up-to-date information 
systems, stress testing the main grid for individual faults without significant regional 
impacts on electricity transmission and through limiting its financial claims liability in all 
cases of disturbances through contracts and insurance policies, no assurance can be given 
that such cautionary measures will be sufficient to prevent severe disturbances related to 
the functioning of the power system, leading to a regional or country-wide loss of 
electricity supply in Finland which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the 
Company’s financial position and/or its reputation. 
Significant change in regulation 
Grid operations are a regulated business that is overseen by the Finnish Energy Authority 
(“EA”). The Company operates under a licence and the regulatory compliance of its 
operations is being supervised by the EA. The Finnish Electricity Market Act (588/2013, 
as amended) (the “Finnish Electricity Market Act”) imposes certain obligations on the 
Company’s operations, including a responsibility to develop the electricity market, and 
limitations on the allowed return for the Company. Although the Company actively 
monitors the development of regulation that concerns the Company, including the recently 
proposed changes to the Finnish Electricity Market Act, and seeks to collaborate with 
stakeholders in order to influence the development of the regulatory framework, the 
regulation may develop unfavourably due to changes in the EU’s network codes, 
significant tightening of financial or other regulation, an official decision that prevents the 
Company from reaching its goals, or a failure by the Company to reflect regulatory 
requirements in its operations. Any changes in regulation that affects the Company’s 
allowed return or other financial items directly impacts the Company’s financing and 
credit ratings. Also, unfavourable change in regulation related to the environment, the 
Company’s operations or technology may hamper the Company’s operations or prevent 
additional investments. Significantly stricter regulation of electromagnetic fields, for 
example, may entail major costs in building and maintaining the transmission grid. The 
occurrence of such events may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial 
position and/or its reputation.   
Distortion in corporate culture 
Responsibility is one of the Company’s core values, and developing sustainable operations 
and managing Environmental Social and Governance (ESG) matters has been integrated 
in the Company’s strategy and its operational implementation, including risk management. 
With that as the starting point, stakeholders are also informed of the Company’s 
sustainability targets and results in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
practices adopted over the years. In addition to committing to work in compliance with 
the Company’s Code of Conduct, employees are required to take separately specified 
perspectives into account in order to ensure that there is no bias or conflict of interest in 
commitments and in preparing other matters; this applies equally to individuals who are 
directly involved in such preparations and related parties. However, implementation and 
monitoring of performance against set ESG goals is subject to interpretation and require 
consistent approach. In particular, the Company’s status as a monopoly in capital-

--- Page 9 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
intensive grid operations may create conditions in which the level of sustainability and 
ethics of the operations begins to deteriorate as there is no competition and potentially less 
external focus on such areas. This may emerge, for example, in the form of disregard for 
sustainability requirements or unprofessional behaviour towards customers, suppliers, 
land-owners, among other things, which may cause, for example, problems in getting 
necessary permits and other adverse effects to the Company’s external operations. 
Inability to operate sustainably and ethically may cause the reputation of the Company to 
deteriorate. Such events may as a result have a material adverse effect on the Company’s 
financial position or its reputation. 
1.2 
Business Risks 
Business risks are considered to be events that may have an effect on the Company’s 
ability to carry out its financial obligations, as well as events that may have major societal 
effect. 
Regulatory interest 
The development of long-term interest rates is considered to be the most 
significant interest rate risk and exposes the Company to a so-called regulatory 
interest rate risk. The Company’s regulatory earnings are defined in the regulatory 
model by the EA. The regulatory model determines the risk-free interest rate used 
to calculate the return rate for the next calendar year. The EA has confirmed the 
methodology for pricing for the periods of 2016-2019 and 2020-2023. According 
to the regulatory model, the regulatory capital, which is the total capital invested 
in transmission network operations, is multiplied by the Weighted Average Cost 
of Capital (“WACC”). This equates to the allowed return, which is the regulatory 
profit the Company is allowed to earn annually. The WACC includes a risk-free 
rate component, which is based on the 10 year Finnish government bond yield. 
The risk-free rate applied in the annual WACC is the highest of the following: (i) 
10 year daily average of the 10 year Finnish government bond yield and (ii) daily 
average of previous year (April–September) of the 10 year Finnish government 
bond yield. If the bond yield decreases, the WACC decreases and the Company’s 
annual allowed return would, in turn, decrease. The Company acknowledges that 
the current low interest rate environment decreases the WACC. Although the 
trend is taken into account in the Company’s financial planning, it may have an 
adverse effect on the Company’s ability to generate return on its assets and, 
therefore, could have an adverse effect on the Company’s profitability, which 
may adversely affect the Company’s credit risk profile. 
Information security 
Network security and cyber-attacks against the Company are the most significant 
information security risks for the Company to manage. The Company operates 
electricity transmission infrastructure with dedicated information and 
communications technology (“ICT”) systems and software. The Company’s IT 
risks includes critical failure in information technology infrastructure, critical 
failure in ICT system or software, accidents at ICT hardware facilities, long-term 
inoperability of telecommunications, cyber-attack sabotage and human errors in 
operating or maintenance, among others. Cyber-attacks may consist of denial-of-
service, the use of malware, stealing or destroying data or, in the worst-case 
scenario, paralysing or misusing the Company’s IT systems or their components. 
Such events may partially or completely paralyse the Company’s operations. If a 
critical information system is inoperable, this may lead to the long-term loss of 
the data transmission or monitoring systems required to manage the electricity 
system. As a result, disruption to the operations of the main grid or the electricity 
markets may occur, which may result in revenue losses and cost increases and the 
management of the disturbance may be hampered or prevented. As a result, the 
Company’s operations may be adversely affected, which may, in turn, adversely

--- Page 10 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
affect the Company’s reputation and credit risk profile as a result of lower profits 
and increased operating costs. 
Countertrade 
Disturbances, restrictions and outages in electricity transmission connections may 
cause regional price differences in electricity markets and, in turn, financial harm 
to customers and society. Short-term bottlenecks in transmission capacity are 
balanced or removed entirely through countertrades (i.e., typically by trading to 
decrease production on the surplus side of the bottleneck and by matching trading 
to increase production on the deficit side). Countertrades can take place either 
within the country or across borders with Sweden and Estonia. Annual variations 
in the volume and price of countertrades are considerable and depend largely on 
the Nordic power production situation and the grid’s operational situation, as well 
as on the volume and duration of disturbances. Unexpected events that require the 
Company to exercise countertrades, which may have unfavourable terms, may 
have an adverse effect on the Company’s liquidity position and the ability to meet 
its payment obligations, as well as increase the Company’s operating costs, which 
both may adversely affect the Company’s credit risk profile. 
Power market reserves 
Electricity production must be equal to electricity consumption at all times. The 
balance between production and consumption is indicated by the frequency of the 
electricity grid that has a nominal value of 50.0 Hz. The market operators plan 
and balance their consumption and production in advance, but in practice there 
are deviations during each hour. To balance these deviations, the Company 
procures different kinds of reserves from electricity reserve markets. Reserves are 
power plants and consumption resources which either increase or decrease their 
electric power demand or supply according to the need of the power system. 
Reserves procured for the purpose of power system management represent one of 
the Company’s most significant cost items. The procurement of various types of 
reserves is linked to both market risks and uncertainty caused by a change in the 
production structure. As a consequence of the changes in the production structure, 
there will be increasing pressures on the amount and cost of reserve procurements 
in the coming years, due to higher volatility of electricity production. The reserves 
needed will be procured on market terms to the extent possible. Although the 
Company actively participates in the development of the Nordic reserve markets 
and monitors their operations, events that require the Company to purchase 
reserves at high prices may have an adverse effect on the Company’s liquidity 
position and the ability to meet its payment obligations, as well as increase the 
Company’s operating costs, which both may adversely affect the Company’s 
credit risk profile and, increase the Company’s cost of funding. 
Loss power 
In order to cover for electricity transmission losses, the Company must procure a 
corresponding volume of loss power from the market. The required volume of 
loss power varies hour to hour, and its price is market-based (spot price). 
Therefore, the Company is exposed to price risk of electricity power, which may 
affect the Company’s financial position or its reputation. 
The Company hedges its loss power purchases against price risk through 
electricity futures. The service provider chosen by the Company implements price 
hedging in line with the Company’s instructions. The price-hedging instructions 
are not tied to the underlying market situation. The purpose of price hedging is to 
reduce the effect of volatility in market prices on the loss power procurement 
costs and to provide adequate predictability in order to keep the pressures to 
change transmission fees moderate. The amount of electricity hedged is based on 
forecasted loss power volume. If the realized volume of loss power is higher or

--- Page 11 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
lower than forecasted, the Company may be exposed to residual risk for the 
volume of procured electricity not matching the hedged volume, which may 
require the Company to procure additional volume of electricity from the spot-
market at high prices. Unexpectedly large amounts of loss power volume 
purchased at high electricity prices may increase the Company’s operating costs 
and adversely affect the Company’s credit risk profile.  
Refinancing and liquidity 
The Company is exposed to liquidity and refinancing risks arising from the 
upcoming loan maturities, payments and fluctuations in cash flow from operating 
activities. A risk is considered to be a situation where the Company cannot obtain 
debt financing or the price of debt financing increases substantially on the debt 
and money markets due to an extended disruption. Financing risks also include 
sudden interruptions in payment transactions. The Company has a relatively large 
balance sheet in relation to its revenue due to relatively low amount of operational 
cash flow available for financing of investments and maturing debt, which 
increases the refinancing and liquidity risks. The occurrence of these risks may 
have adverse effects on the Company’s reputation and financial position by 
increasing the cost of debt funding, as well as adversely affect the Company’s 
ability to meet its payment obligations. 
Non-compliance 
Non-compliance may be the result of ignorance of or disregard for the applicable 
legislation or other regulations, operating principles or standards that the 
Company or its personnel are bound to. There is also a risk that as regulation 
changes, the Company’s operations no longer comply with the changed 
requirements. In terms of repercussions, the most significant recognised risks are 
related to non-compliance with the Regulation on Wholesale Energy Market 
Integrity and Transparency (REMIT), the Market Abuse Regulation (MAR), and 
the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), as well as certain obligations 
related to sanctions, money laundering and corruption, and public procurement 
legislation. Non-compliance with the applicable legislation and/or other 
regulation may result in legal proceedings and fines, which may have an adverse 
effect on the Company’s financial position. In addition, the consequence of non-
compliance may be a loss of reputation or a loss of trust, either internally or 
externally, towards the Company, which may adversely affect the Company’s 
financial position. Realisation of such events may adversely affect the Company’s 
credit risk profile. 
Functioning of electricity market 
A poorly functioning electricity market poses a risk for the Company; such a risk 
may be a consequence of, for example, a disturbance in the calculation of market 
prices or a long-term shortage in electricity transmission capacity. The reasons 
that may lead to the materialisation of this risk also include inconsistencies in 
regional energy policy and market-distorting state subsidies. Poorly functioning 
electricity markets directly reflect on the Company’s operations by making it 
increasingly difficult to balance demand and supply, which may, in turn, have an 
adverse effect on the Company’s financial position or its reputation. Direct costs 
may result from complications in procuring loss power and/or reserves on market 
terms or from such procurements being prevented altogether. Unexpected costs 
resulting from poorly functioning electricity markets may increase operating costs 
and adversely affect the Company’s credit risk profile.  
Adverse effect on customers 
The Company offers electricity transmission, cross-border transmission and 
electricity demand and supply balancing services to its customers, which consist

--- Page 12 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
of major power plants, industrial plants and regional electricity distribution 
networks. The Company’s customers are connected to the Company’s main grid.  
The Company is obliged to provide and maintain access to its grid for its 
customers. Delays in providing access, interruptions in the electricity 
transmission services to its customers or the Company’s inability to provide 
electricity demand and supply balancing services resulting from the Company’s 
planning or service error or technical inoperability may have considerable adverse 
effects on the Company’s customers. Such events may place the Company liable 
for direct customer damages. In the worst-case scenario the Company may also 
be liable for indirect third-party damages. 
The occurrence of such events may lead to customer claims and have an adverse 
effect on the Company’s reputation, liquidity position, and credit risk profile.  
Occupational accidents 
Serious accidents are linked to the electrical safety of the transmission grid, 
especially in connection with construction and maintenance work. Causes that 
can result in a realised risk include human error or an accident close to live 
components, an error in construction work, damage or vandalism to live 
structures, and carelessness. Accidents can result in bodily injuries or, in the 
worst-case scenario, death. Workplace accidents may cause local interruptions of 
electricity supply or interruptions of work. The financial effects of accidents are 
limited by means of non-life and liability insurance policies. However, no 
assurance can be given that the risks described above will not materialise. The 
occurrence of the events mentioned above may have an adverse effect on the 
Company’s financial position or its reputation, and, therefore, result in an adverse 
effect on the Company’s credit risk profile. 
Asset damage 
The Company’s assets may be subject to significant damage, for instance, 
equipment or power lines may fail beyond repair. The permanent technical failure 
of the main grid, a reserve power plant or a submarine cable may result in 
considerable financial losses. Damage may also be the result of extreme natural 
phenomena or vandalism. Asset damage may cause direct or indirect electricity 
transmission disruptions, or hamper or prevent maintenance management. Asset 
damage in the Company’s individual equipment or power lines are not, however, 
likely to result in a severe electricity disturbance, but such events could result in 
significant disruption to the electricity markets. Although the financial effects of 
assessed damage are managed by procuring the appropriate insurance policies for 
key grid components, power lines, transformers, submarine cables and reserve 
power plants, no assurance can be given that the risks described above will not 
materialise. The materialisation of the above mentioned risks may have an 
adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, regulatory profit or its 
reputation, and, therefore, result in an adverse effect on the Company’s credit risk 
profile. 
Capital expenditure 
Reasons for a technically incompatible, unnecessary or poorly timed investment 
may be, for example, unforeseen changes in energy policy targets, in social 
acceptance, in the general economic situation and in electricity consumption and 
production structures. Further causes include delays in the permit process, lack of 
resources, or a long-term strike. Poor capex timing may significantly increase the 
Company’s costs incurred from grid projects and the management of transmission 
operations. Capex programme delays also have adverse impacts on system 
security management and on the Company’s climate goals. Even though the 
Company seeks to manage these risks by, for example, through a long-term 
project programme, no assurances can be given that such risks will not

--- Page 13 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
materialise. The materialisation of these risks may have an adverse effect on the 
Company’s regulatory assets, or its reputation, and, therefore, result in an adverse 
effect on the Company’s credit risk profile. 
Counterparties 
Counterparty risks may arise, for example, if a customer defaults on a payment or 
if the financial situation of the Company’s service or equipment supplier 
deteriorates. Derivative or investment counterparties also form part of the 
business’s counterparty risks, if a counterparty does not fulfil its obligations to 
the Company. Although the Company monitors its counterparty risks and has a 
risk management policy for managing these risks, if a risk related to customer 
default on a payment or in relation to derivative or investment counterparty 
solvency realises, this may lead to credit losses for the Company, and in case of 
deterioration of the financial situation of the Company's service or equipment 
supplier, to unexpected costs as the service or equipment contract may need to be 
totally or partially replaced with another supplier. Any of the foregoing could 
have an adverse effect on the Company’s operating profits as well as its 
reputation, and, therefore, result in an adverse effect on the Company’s credit risk. 
2. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme 
2.1 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This 
also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on 
the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s 
ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of 
such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce 
a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Certain benchmark rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, may be discontinued or 
reformed in the future - including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021. 
The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”) and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices which are deemed 
to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented.

--- Page 14 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) and Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) apply to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU and the UK, respectively. The EU Benchmark Regulation and 
UK Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to LIBOR, 
EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst 
other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the 
international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks,” trigger changes in the rules 
or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the discontinuance or 
unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 27 July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for 
the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and, on 12 July 2018, announced that 
the LIBOR benchmark may cease to be a regulated benchmark under the EU Benchmark 
Regulation. Such announcements indicate that the continuation of LIBOR on the current 
basis (or at all) cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. In addition, on 29 November 
2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its working 
group on Sterling risk free rates has been mandated with implementing a broad-based 
transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) over the next four years 
across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the 
primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a 
new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight 
rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety 
of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working 
group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”) as the 
new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 
2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current 
form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative 
benchmark. 
The elimination of LIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 5(l) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes 
linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked 
to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). 
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature 
of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely 
affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant 
Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) based on the same 
benchmark. 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the 
event that a published benchmark, such as LIBOR, (including any page on which such 
benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, unlawful 
or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or 
alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the

--- Page 15 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although 
the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such 
changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result 
in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based 
on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates 
and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment 
about the potential risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible 
cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Floating Rate Notes – benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Temporary unavailability of the Relevant Screen Page 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest in respect of floating rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions 
provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant 
Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where such 
Original Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor 
any successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement 
for the Relevant Screen Page is available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of 
Interest to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations 
from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks 
are not submitting rates for the determination of such Original Reference Rate), 
the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest applicable as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the Original Reference Rate 
was discontinued. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Reference 
Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be 
applicable if the Original Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely affect the 
value of, and return on, the floating rate Notes. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Events 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(l)) (which, amongst other events, 
includes the permanent discontinuation of an Original Reference Rate) occurs, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser. 
The Independent Adviser shall endeavour to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the Original Reference 
Rate is determined by the Independent Adviser, the Conditions provide that the 
Issuer may vary the Conditions, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, without any requirement for consent or 
approval of the Noteholders.

--- Page 16 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
The use of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the application of an 
Adjustment Spread may result in Notes linked to or referencing the Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue 
to apply in its current form. 
(iii) 
Potential for a fixed rate return 
The Issuer may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent 
Adviser may not be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Notes. 
Where the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, 
or the Independent Adviser is unable, to determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate before the next Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
for the next succeeding Interest Accrual Period will be the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs 
before the first Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest will be the initial 
Rate of Interest. 
Where the Issuer has been unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the 
Independent Adviser has failed, to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
in respect of any given Interest Accrual Period, it will continue to attempt to 
appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding 
Interest Determination Date and/or to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Interest Accrual Periods, 
as necessary. 
Applying the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, will result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant 
benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate 
of Interest) than they would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to 
apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate could be determined. 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, the Independent 
Adviser fails to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the life of the 
relevant Notes, the initial Rate of Interest, or the Rate of Interest applicable as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event, will continue to apply to maturity. This will result in the 
floating rate Notes, in effect, becoming fixed rate Notes. 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest in respect of floating rate Notes is to be determined, the Conditions 
provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be determined by 
reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
Where the Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the 
Rate of Interest may be determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the 
rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the relevant 
IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from 
banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead 
to uncertainty as to the Rate of Interest that would be applicable, and may, 
adversely affect the value of, and return on, the floating rate Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to €STR as reference rates for Floating 
Rate Notes 
The Programme provides for the issuance of Floating Rate Notes with interest determined 
on the basis of the reference rate €STR. 
The €STR is published by the European Central Bank and is intended to reflect the 
wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the euro area. 
The European Central Bank reports that the €STR is published on each TARGET business 
day based on transactions conducted and settled on the previous TARGET business day 
(the reporting date “T”) with a maturity date of T+1 which are deemed to have been 
executed at arm’s length and thus reflect market rates in an unbiased way. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that 
differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used 
in relation to Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Programme. The Issuer 
may in future also issue Notes referencing €STR that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with any previous Compounded Daily €STR- referenced 
Notes issued by it under the Programme. The development of €STR as an interest 
reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of €STR-based 
rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result 
in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of 
any €STR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily €STR is only capable 
of being determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date (or other date on which accrued interest may become 
due on the Notes). It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference Compounded 
Daily €STR to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes 
to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, in contrast to, for example, EURIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily €STR become due and payable as a result of an event of default under 
Condition 11 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect 
of such Notes shall only be determined on the date on which the Notes become due and 
payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of €STR reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of €STR in 
other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch between the adoption of €STR reference rates across these 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing €STR. 
Since €STR is a relatively new market index, Notes which reference €STR may have no 
established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to €STR such 
as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, 
and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt 
securities as a result. Further, if €STR does not prove to be widely used in securities like 
Notes which reference Compounded Daily €STR, the trading price of such Notes which 
reference Compounded Daily €STR may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices 
that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at 
all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be 
no guarantee that €STR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that 
is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Notes which reference Compounded 
Daily €STR. If the manner in which Compounded Daily €STR is calculated is changed, 
that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Notes and

--- Page 18 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
the trading prices of such Notes. Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes using 
€STR as a reference rate may entail significant risks not associated with similar 
investments in conventional debt securities. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their 
nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining 
term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-
bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Integral multiples of less than €100,000 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum 
specified denomination of €100,000 plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller 
amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of €100,000 (or 
its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or its equivalent). In such a case 
a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less 
than the minimum specified denomination of €100,000 will not receive a definitive Note 
in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase 
a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations. 
2.2 
Risks Related to Notes 
Interest payments on the Notes or Coupons may be subject to Finnish withholding tax 
if the Noteholder’s or Couponholder’s status as a not resident of Finland for tax 
purposes cannot be appropriately established 
Noteholders or Couponholders who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who 
do not engage in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of 
business in Finland are not subject to Finnish taxes on interest or gains realised on the sale 
of the Notes or Coupons. However, interest payments made by the Issuer or a securities 
dealer (i.e., a financial institution making the payment) to Noteholders or Couponholders 
who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes may, nevertheless, be subject to Finnish 
withholding tax, unless the identity of the Noteholders or Couponholders can be 
appropriately established. It may be difficult for the Issuer or a securities dealer to 
appropriately establish the Noteholders’ or Couponholders’ identity as non-Finnish 
residents where interests in the Notes are held through Euroclear or Clearstream 
(especially when the Notes are held in a nominee account). Furthermore, the tax gross-up 
contained in Condition 9 of the terms and conditions of the Notes provides that no 
additional amounts will be payable to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder of a Note 
or Coupon who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction by making 
a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax 
authority. 
As a result, Noteholders or Couponholders who are not liable for tax in Finland, yet who 
are unable, for whatever reason, to establish their identity as a non-Finnish resident, may 
have amounts in respect of taxation withheld from payments of interest under the Notes 
or Coupons. Whilst it is possible for non-Finnish residents who are not liable for tax in 
Finland to reclaim amounts that have been withheld, this would require an application to 
the Finnish tax authorities, which represents an added administrative burden and may be 
a time consuming process. Noteholders or Couponholders should therefore consult their 
tax advisers with respect to payments that may be received under the Notes or Coupons.

--- Page 19 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
Judgments entered against the Issuer in the courts of a state which is not subject to the 
Brussels Regulations or the Lugano Convention may not be recognised or enforceable 
in Finland 
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Finland in the courts of a state 
which is not, under the terms of (i) Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition 
and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the “2012 Brussels 
Regulation”), (ii) Council Regulation (EC) No. 44/2001 of 22 December 2000 on 
jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial 
matters (the “2000 Brussels Regulation”) or (iii) the Convention on jurisdiction and the 
recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters made at 
Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the “Lugano Convention”), a Member State (as defined in 
the 2012 Brussels Regulation and the 2000 Brussels Regulation) or a Contracting State (as 
defined in the Lugano Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in Finland as 
a matter of law without a retrial on its merits (but will be of persuasive authority as a 
matter of evidence before the courts of law, administrative tribunals or executive or other 
public authorities of Finland). Upon the expiry of the transition period of the Withdrawal 
Agreement (defined as the fully ratified agreement on the withdrawal of the United 
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the European Union and the 
European Atomic Energy Community dated 21 October 2019), and in the absence of any 
other equivalent arrangements being put in place, the United Kingdom will not be a 
Member State or a Contracting State with effect from such expiry date, being 31 December 
2020. In such circumstances, an English court judgment entered against the Issuer in 
relation to the Notes may not be recognised or enforceable in Finland without a retrial on 
its merits as referred to above. Any such retrial on its merits could significantly delay the 
enforcement by Noteholders of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to green assets 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing of specified green 
projects in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria (see “Use of Proceeds”) 
(any such Notes, “Green Bonds”). In connection with an issue of Green Bonds, the Issuer 
has requested CICERO, an institute for climate research, to issue an independent opinion 
(a “Compliance Opinion”) confirming that any Green Bonds are in compliance with the 
International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles. The ICMA 
Green Bond Principles are a set of voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency and 
disclosure and promote integrity in the development of the green bond market. CICERO’s 
Opinion 
dated 
18 
October 
2017 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/dokumentit/en/investors/green-financing/fingrid---
second-opinion--18-october-2017-002-id-122305.pdf. 
The Compliance Opinion is not incorporated into and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. The Compliance Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed here and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Green Bonds. The Compliance Opinion is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is only current as of the date on which 
the Opinion was initially issued. The statements in this paragraph apply equally to any 
other or additional opinion delivered by CICERO (or any other sustainability rating 
agency or sustainability consulting firm) in connection with any issue of Green Bonds 
under the Programme. 
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as ‘green’ or ‘sustainable’, and therefore no assurance can 
be provided to potential investors that the green projects to be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms will meet all investors’ expectations regarding sustainability performance or 
continue to meet the relevant eligibility criteria. Although applicable green projects are 
expected to be selected in accordance with the categories recognised by the ICMA Green 
Bond Principles, and are expected to be developed in accordance with applicable

--- Page 20 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
legislation and standards, there can be no guarantee that adverse environmental and/or 
social impacts will not occur during the design, construction, commissioning and/or 
operation of any such green projects. Where any negative impacts are insufficiently 
mitigated, green projects may become controversial, and/or may be criticised by activist 
groups or other stakeholders. In particular, a basis for the determination of the definitions 
of “green” and “sustainable” has been established in the EU with the publication in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the 
“EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject 
to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission 
through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental 
objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. While the intention 
is that the applicable green projects would be in alignment with the relevant objectives for 
the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, until the technical screening criteria for such 
objectives have been developed it is not known whether the Group’s Eligible Green 
Projects will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are established, is not certain. 
Further, although the Issuer may agree at the Issue Date of any Green Bonds to certain 
allocation and/or impact reporting and to use the proceeds for the financing and/or 
refinancing of green projects (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with 
certain prescribed eligibility criteria as described under the Issuer’s Green Bonds 
Framework dated 3 October 2017, it would not be an event of default under the Green 
Bonds if (i) the Issuer were to fail to comply with such obligations or were to fail to use 
the proceeds in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and/or (ii) the Compliance 
Opinion were to be withdrawn. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green 
Bonds in connection with green projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, 
the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with respect to 
such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or 
may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green 
assets. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers make any representation as to the suitability for any 
purpose of the Compliance Opinion or whether any Green Bonds fulfil the relevant 
environmental and sustainability criteria. Prospective investors should have regard to the 
eligible green bond projects and eligibility criteria described in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the relevant Final 
Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any Green Bonds should be based 
upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
Modifications 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Agency Agreement contain provisions for 
calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including the 
Noteholders who did not attend nor vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by English law in effect as at the 
date of issue of the relevant Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the date 
of issue of the relevant Notes. Any such judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice may have an adverse impact on the market value of relevant Notes.

--- Page 21 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
2.3 
Risks Related to the Market 
The secondary market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for 
Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally 
would have a more limited secondary market and greater price volatility than conventional 
debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) 
other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent 
value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or 
the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of 
the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 22 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined or used in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this overview. The Issuer may agree with 
any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form other than that contemplated in “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes” herein, in which event a drawdown prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will 
describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
Issuer .......................................... 
Fingrid Oyj 
Description ................................. 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Size .............................................. 
Up to €1,500,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at 
any one time. 
Arranger..................................... 
ING Bank N.V. 
Dealers ........................................ 
BNP Paribas 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent 
Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
Trustee ........................................ 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Issuing and Paying Agent ......... 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Paying Agent .............................. 
Citibank Europe plc, Ireland 
Registrar..................................... 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Method of Issue ......................... 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or a non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other 
than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of 
that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms 
of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with 
the relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue 
date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of

--- Page 23 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the 
same Series) will be completed in the final terms document (the 
“Final Terms”). 
Issue Price .................................. 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. 
Form of Notes ............................ 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only (“Bearer Notes”), in 
bearer form exchangeable for Registered Notes (“Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes”) or in registered form only (“Registered Notes”). 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes will 
be represented on issue by a temporary Global Note if (i) definitive 
Notes are to be made available to Noteholders following the expiry 
of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such Notes have an initial 
maturity of more than one year and are being issued in compliance 
with TEFRA D (as defined in “Selling Restrictions” below), 
otherwise such Tranche will be represented by a permanent Global 
Note. Registered Notes will be represented by Certificates, one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire 
holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Certificates representing 
Registered Notes that are registered in the name of a nominee for 
one or more clearing systems are referred to as “Global 
Certificates”. 
Clearing Systems ....................... 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes ............ 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global 
Note is a NGN or the relevant Global Certificate is held under the 
NSS, the Global Note or Global Certificate will be delivered to a 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global 
Note is a CGN or the relevant Global Certificate is not held under 
the NSS, the Global Note representing Bearer Notes or 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate representing 
Registered Notes may be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global 
Certificates may also be deposited with any other clearing system 
or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the 
method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or more clearing 
systems on issue will be registered in the name of nominees or a 
common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Currencies .................................. 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency if the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers so agree. 
Maturities ................................... 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Notes will have a minimum maturity of one month. 
Specified Denomination ............ 
The minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency as at the date of issue of the 
Notes). 
Fixed Interest Rate Notes.......... 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 24 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes ................... 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series; or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference to LIBOR, EURIBOR, BA- 
CDOR, BBSW, HIBOR, NIBOR, SIBOR, STIBOR or 
€STR, as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
Zero Coupon Notes.................... 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”) may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount to 
it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Rates of 
Interest ....................................... 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. The use of interest 
accrual periods permit the Notes to bear interest at different rates in 
the same interest period. All such information will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation ..... 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, with a view to the Independent Adviser 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark 
Amendments. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Benchmark 
discontinuation”. 
Optional Redemption ................ 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed (either in whole or in part) 
prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
holders, and if so the terms applicable to such redemption. Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of 
less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to 
be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of FSMA must 
have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies). 
Status of the Notes ..................... 
The Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer, all as described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
- Status”. 
Cross Default ............................. 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of Default”. 
Negative Pledge .......................... 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge”. 
Early Redemption for Tax 
Reasons ....................................... 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax 
reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Redemption, 
Purchase and Options”. 
Withholding Tax ........................ 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made free and clear of withholding taxes of Finland unless such

--- Page 25 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
withholding is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall, 
subject to certain exceptions pay such additional amounts as shall 
result in receipt by the Noteholder or Couponholder of such 
amounts as would have been received by it had no such withholding 
or deduction been required, all as described in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Taxation”. 
Governing Law .......................... 
English law. 
Listing ......................................... 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme during the period of twelve months after the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and 
to trading on the Market. 
 
The Issuer may request the CBI to provide competent authorities in 
Member States of the EEA with a certificate of approval attesting 
that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation (a “Notification”). 
 
Following provision of a Notification, the Issuer may make an 
application to the relevant competent authority for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed, admitted to trading and/or quoted 
admitted on the regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II of 
any Member State, either together with a listing on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin or as a single listing. If any Notes issued 
under the Programme are to be listed, admitted to trading and/or 
quoted on the regulated market of any Member State in respect of 
which a Notification has been provided to the relevant competent 
authority of such Member State, this will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms The relevant Final Terms will state whether 
or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Ratings ........................................ 
The Programme has been rated AA- in respect of its long-term 
public issue credit rating for the Programme by S&P and A+ in 
respect of the Programme by Fitch. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “Overview of the Programme - 
Method of Issue”) will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or

--- Page 26 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions .................... 
The United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA and UK Retail Investors and such other restrictions as may 
be required in connection with a particular issue. See “Subscription 
and Sale”. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
 
Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one year will be 
subject to the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility 
Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”) and will be issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”)) (“TEFRA D”) unless (i) the relevant Final 
Terms state that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially 
the same form that are applicable for purposes of the Section 4701 
of the Code) (“TEFRA C”) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in circumstances in 
which the Notes will not constitute “registration-required 
obligations” under TEFRA, which circumstances will be referred to 
in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
MiFID II product governance .. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
UK MiFIR product governance 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA 
Retail Investors .......................... 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area, and 
no key information document under the PRIIPs Regulation will be 
prepared. 
Prohibition of sales to UK 
Retail Investors .......................... 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom, and no key 
information document under the UK PRIIPs Regulation will be 
prepared.

--- Page 27 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which 
have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and which have 
been approved by the CBI or filed with it: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019 (as set out on pages 25 to 33 of the Issuer’s Annual Review and Financial Statements 1 
January 2019 - 31 December 2019) together with the audit report thereon (as published on the 
website of the Issuer) 
(the 
“2019 
Financial 
Statements”) 
(https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/dokumentit/fi/sijoittajat/taloudelliset-
julkaisut/2020/fingrid_oyj_annual_review_and_financial_statements_2019.pdf 
 
and 
https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/dokumentit/fi/sijoittajat/taloudelliset-julkaisut/2020/auditors-
report-2019-fingrid-oyj-translation_kamit-paivitetty.pdf); 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 (as set out on pages 24 to 32 of the Issuer’s Annual Review and Financial Statements 1 
January 2020 - 31 December 2020) together with the audit report thereon (as published on the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer: 
https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/dokumentit/fi/sijoittajat/taloudelliset-
julkaisut/2021/auditors-report-2020-fingrid-oyj-translation.pdf) 
(the 
“2020 
Financial 
Statements”) 
(https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/dokumentit/fi/tiedotteet/porssitiedotteet/2021/annual_review
_and_financial_statements.pdf; 
(iii) 
the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” on pages 19 to 47 of the Prospectus dated 
30 November 2011 (the “2011 Prospectus”) (https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/fingrid-emtn-
programme-2011.pdf); 
(iv) 
the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” on pages 18 to 46 of the Prospectus dated 
14 November 2012 (the “2012 Prospectus”) (https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/fingrid-emtn-
programme-2012.pdf); 
(v) 
the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” on pages 19 to 47 of the Prospectus dated 
14 November 2013 (the “2013 Prospectus”) (https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/fingrid-emtn-
programme-2013.pdf); 
(vi) 
the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” on pages 18 to 48 of the Prospectus dated 
1 March 2016 (the “2016 Prospectus”) (https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/fingrid-emtn-
programme-2016.pdf ); and 
(vii) 
the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” on pages 19 to 49 of the Prospectus dated 
7 March 2017 (the “2017 Prospectus”) (https://www.fingrid.fi/globalassets/fingrid-emtn-
programme-2017.pdf). 
Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Those parts of the 2019 Financial Statements, the 2020 Financial Statements, and the 2011, 2012, 2013, 
2016 and 2017 Prospectuses which are not specifically incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
are either covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus or are not relevant for prospective investors in the 
Notes. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be inspected at the registered 
office of the Issuer. Copies of such documents are also available at www.fingrid.fi. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the Issuer’s website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 28 ---
- 23 -

--- Page 29 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTAL PROSPECTUS 
If, at any time following the publication of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer shall be required to prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer shall 
prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further 
prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted 
to trading on the Market, shall constitute a supplemental prospectus as required by Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a 
document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. The 
Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme 
there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained 
in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and the inclusion of which 
in this Base Prospectus or removal is necessary, for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the 
rights attaching to the Notes, and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies 
of such supplement or replacement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes 
or material inaccuracies will not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. For this purpose, 
“valid” means valid for making admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent of the 
Issuer and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus is only required within its period of validity 
between the time when this Base Prospectus is approved and the time when trading on a regulated market 
begins, whichever occurs later.

--- Page 30 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued 
in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and 
conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and 
conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion 
of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such 
Registered Notes. Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement or used in 
the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the 
Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed, the Trust Deed will prevail and in the event of inconsistency 
between the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive 
Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by an Amended and Restated Trust Deed dated 19 March 2021 (as may be 
amended or supplemented and/or restated as at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”) (the “Trust 
Deed”)) between the Issuer and Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall 
include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the 
Noteholders (as defined below). These terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) include summaries of, and 
are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, 
Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to below. An Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 
19 March 2021 (as amended or supplemented and/or restated as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) 
has been entered into in relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch, as initial issuing and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, 
the paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) 
are referred to below, respectively, as the “Issuing and Paying Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Registrar) and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. Copies of the Final Terms, Trust 
Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during usual business hours at the registered 
office of the Trustee (presently at Citigroup Centre, 25 Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB) 
and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents. 
The Noteholders, the holders (the “Couponholders”) of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) appertaining 
to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further 
Coupons (the “Talons”) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all 
of the provisions of the Trust Deed and the Final Terms and are deemed to have notice of those provisions 
applicable to them of the Agency Agreement. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Notes that are 
specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form (“Registered Notes”) or in bearer 
form exchangeable for Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) in each case in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the Final Terms provided that 
the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes are issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same 
Specified Denomination as the lowest Specified Denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes. The 
Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Interest/Payment Basis shown in the Final Terms. Bearer Notes 
are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation 
to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as provided

--- Page 31 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
in Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the 
same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery outside the United 
States. Title to the Registered Notes shall, subject to mandatory rules of law, pass by registration 
in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Certificate, Note, Coupon 
or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether 
or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or interest in it, any writing on 
it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no 
person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Note, Coupon 
or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given 
to them in the Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for 
the same aggregate Principal Amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the 
relevant Noteholder and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be 
exchanged, together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified 
office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer Note 
is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)) for any 
payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not be 
surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer 
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not 
be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified 
office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such 
Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such 
Certificate duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding 
of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. 
All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning transfers of Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar 
and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar 
to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect 
of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option 
resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same

--- Page 32 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates 
to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a 
person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the 
enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the 
existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a), (b) or (c) shall be available 
for delivery five business days after receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer 
or Exercise Notice or surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new 
Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar 
(as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of 
transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder 
making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for 
exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by 
uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as 
may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the 
relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of 
delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” 
means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in 
the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case 
may be). 
(e) 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial 
redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax, duty or other 
governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Period 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an 
Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the 
period of 15 days before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the 
Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 6(d), (iii) after any such Note has been called for 
redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record 
Date. An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged 
for one or more Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Certificate is simultaneously 
surrendered not later than the relevant Record Date. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes and the Coupons constitute (subject to Condition 4) unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and Coupons shall, save for 
such exceptions as may be provided by applicable laws, at all times rank at least equally with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer, present and future. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Notes remain outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Issuer will not (and 
will ensure that any of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 11) do not) create or 
permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest (“Security”) upon the 
whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) present or 
future to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) exceeding in aggregate an amount 
equal to 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Group (as defined in Condition 10) (as 
determined by the latest consolidated financial statements of the Group) unless, at the same time

--- Page 33 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed (a) are 
secured equally and rateably therewith, or (b) have the benefit of such other security or other 
arrangement as the Trustee in its absolute discretion shall deem to be not materially less beneficial 
to the Noteholders or as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. For 
the purposes of this Condition, “Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future Indebtedness 
for Borrowed Money (as defined in Condition 10) of the Issuer or any Subsidiary other than: 
(a) 
Project Finance Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 11); 
(b) 
indebtedness owed by a Subsidiary (as defined in Condition 11) to the Issuer; 
(c) 
indebtedness secured on the property of an entity becoming a Subsidiary after 5 May 1998 
where the relevant Security existed at the time such entity becomes a Subsidiary (provided 
that such Security was not created in contemplation of such acquisition and the principal 
amount secured at the time of such acquisition is not increased); 
(d) 
indebtedness incurred in connection with the purchase price of any asset and secured only 
on such asset and any income or other property derived therefrom or in connection 
therewith; 
(e) 
indebtedness owed to or guaranteed or subsidised by a government or sovereign agency 
or a lending organisation established by the United Nations, the European Union or by 
treaty (including the European Investment Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development and the Nordic Investment Bank) up to a maximum of €170,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies) in aggregate; 
(f) 
indebtedness secured by liens arising by operation of law in the normal course of business 
or by set-off arrangements between cash balances and bank borrowings at the same bank; 
(g) 
margin accounts arising under (i) derivatives contracts or (ii) electricity sales and 
purchases, in each case in the normal course of business; and 
(h) 
any extension, renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or 
replacements) of any indebtedness referred to in (a) to (g) above, provided the amount of 
the indebtedness secured thereby is not increased. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from, 
and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are either shown in the Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if 
no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in 
the Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date.

--- Page 34 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall 
be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had 
it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the 
Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions 
below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall 
apply, depending upon which is specified in the Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms; 
and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation 
Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” 
and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing 
Compounded Daily €STR 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms 
is not Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below and 
subject to Condition 5(l), be either: 
(x) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 35 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at (i) 11.00 a.m. (London time) in the 
case of LIBOR; (ii) 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) in the case of 
EURIBOR; (iii) 10.00 a.m. (Toronto time) in the case of BA-
CDOR; (iv) 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time) in the case of BBSW; (v) 
11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) in the case of HIBOR; (vi) 12.00 
noon (Oslo time) in the case of NIBOR; (vii) 11.00 a.m. 
(Singapore time) in the case of SIBOR; or (viii) 11.00 a.m. 
(Stockholm time) in the case of STIBOR on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation 
Agent plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). If five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(b) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph 
(a)(x) above applies and no such offered quotation appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page or if subparagraph (a)(y) above applies 
and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, 
if the Reference Rate is (i) LIBOR, the principal London office 
of each of the Reference Banks; (ii) if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks; (iii) if the Reference Rate is BA-CDOR, the 
principal Toronto office of each of the Reference Banks; (iv) if 
the Reference Rate is BBSW, the principal Sydney office of each 
of the Reference Banks; (v) if the Reference Rate is HIBOR, the 
principal Hong Kong office of each of the Reference Banks; (vi) 
if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of each 
of the Reference Banks; (vii) if the Reference Rate is SIBOR, 
the principal Singapore office of each of the Reference Banks; 
or (viii) if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the principal 
Stockholm office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the 
Reference Rate is (A) LIBOR, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(London time); (B) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, as at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time); (C) if the Reference 
Rate is BA-CDOR, as at approximately 10.00 a.m. (Toronto 
time); (D) if the Reference Rate is BBSW, as at approximately 
10.30 a.m. (Sydney time); (E) if the Reference Rate is HIBOR, 
as at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time); (F) if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR, as at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo 
time); (G) if the Reference Rate is SIBOR, as at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Singapore time); or (H) if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 36 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
(c) 
If paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks if the 
Reference Rate is (i) LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(London time); (ii) if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time); (iii) if the Reference 
Rate is BA- CDOR, at approximately 10.00 a.m. (Toronto time); 
(iv) if the Reference Rate is BBSW, at approximately 10.30 a.m. 
(Sydney time); (v) if the Reference Rate is HIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time); (vi) if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo 
time); (vii) if the Reference Rate is SIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Singapore time); or (viii) if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate 
is (A) LIBOR, the London inter-bank market; (B) if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market; 
(C) if the Reference Rate is BA-CDOR, the Toronto inter-bank 
market; (D) if the Reference Rate is BBSW, the Sydney inter-
bank market; (E) if the Reference Rate is HIBOR, the Hong 
Kong inter-bank market; (F) if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, 
the Norwegian inter-bank market; (G) if the Reference Rate is 
SIBOR, the Singapore inter-bank market; or (H) if the Reference 
Rate is STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, as the case 
may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is (i) 
LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time); (ii) if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time); (iii) if the Reference Rate is BA-CDOR, at 
approximately 10.00 a.m. (Toronto time); (iv) if the Reference 
Rate is BBSW, at approximately 10.30 a.m. (Sydney time); (v) 
if the Reference Rate is HIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time); (vi) if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at 
approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time); (vii) if the Reference 
Rate is SIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Singapore time); 
or (viii) if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Trustee and the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is (A) LIBOR, 
the London inter-bank market; (B) if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter- bank market; (C) if the 
Reference Rate is BA-CDOR, the Toronto inter-bank market; 
(D) if the Reference Rate is BBSW, the Sydney inter-bank 
market; (E) if the Reference Rate is HIBOR, the Hong Kong 
inter-bank market; (F) if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the 
Norwegian inter-bank market; (G) if the Reference Rate is 
SIBOR, the Singapore inter-bank market; or (H) if the Reference 
Rate is STIBOR, the Stockholm inter-bank market, as the case

--- Page 37 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily €STR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate is specified in the Final Terms as Compounded Daily 
€STR, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes for each Interest 
Accrual Period will (subject as provided below and subject to Condition 
5(l)), be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
As used in these Conditions: 
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment during the Observation Period corresponding to such 
Interest Accrual Period (with the daily euro short- term rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows (the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten- thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏(1 + 𝐸𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝑆𝐷× 𝑛i
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; or 
(B) 
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“do” means, for any Interest Accrual Period: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Final Terms, the number of TARGET Settlement 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(B) 
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Final Terms, the number of TARGET Settlement 
Days in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 38 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant TARGET Settlement Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Settlement Day: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(B) 
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“ni”, for any TARGET Settlement Day “i”, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such TARGET Settlement 
Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following TARGET Settlement 
Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling “p” 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date which is 
“p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Period Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling “p” 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Final Terms, the number of TARGET Settlement 
Days by which an Observation Period precedes the 
corresponding Interest Accrual Period, being the 
number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the 
“€STR Lag Period (p)” in the Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is so specified, five TARGET Settlement 
Days); 
(B) 
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Final Terms, the number of TARGET Settlement 
Days by which an Observation Period precedes the 
corresponding Interest Accrual Period, being the 
number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the 
“€STR Shift Period (p)” in the Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five TARGET Settlement 
Days); 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the 
TARGET System (as defined in Condition 5(i)) is open for the 
settlement of payments in Euro; 
“€STR Reference Rate” means, in respect of any TARGET 
Settlement Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-
term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Settlement Day as 
published by the European Central Bank, as administrator of 
such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
initially 
at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank (the “ECB’s 
Website”) (in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., Central 
European Time, on the TARGET Settlement Day immediately 
following such TARGET Settlement Day); and

--- Page 39 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
“€STRi-pTSD” means: 
(A) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Final Terms, in respect of any TARGET Settlement 
Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
the €STR Reference Rate for the TARGET Settlement 
Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”; or 
(B) 
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Final Terms, the €STR Reference Rate for the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day “i”. 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET 
Settlement Day as specified above, and unless both an €STR Index 
Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date (each, as 
defined below) have occurred, the €STR Reference Rate shall be a rate 
equal to €STR for the last TARGET Settlement Day for which such rate 
was published on the ECB’s Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET 
Settlement Day as specified above, and both an €STR Index Cessation 
Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the 
rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation 
Period occurring from and including such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European 
Central Bank or another administrator) (the “ECB Recommended Rate”), 
provided that, if no such rate has been recommended before the end of 
the first TARGET Settlement Day following the date on which the 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate for each 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring 
from and including such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to “€STR” were references to the Eurosystem 
Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility which banks may 
use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published on the 
ECB’s Website (the “EDFR”) on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference 
Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs (the “EDFR Spread”). 
Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate for each TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and 
including that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be determined as if references to “€STR” were references to the 
EDFR on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean of the 
daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for 
each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
If the relevant Series of Notes referencing Compounded Daily €STR 
becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, the final

--- Page 40 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed 
to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate 
of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain 
outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purposes of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had 
been shortened accordingly. 
As used in these Conditions: 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of 
€STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central 
bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR 
Index Cessation Event, the first date for which €STR is no longer 
provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator 
of €STR); 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or

--- Page 41 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in 
respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first 
date for which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided by the 
administrator thereof. 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and 
(b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior 
to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity 
Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as defined in Condition 
6(b)(ii)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue (both before and after judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or 
more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of 
Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(b) above by 
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin, subject always to sub-paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
in the Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be 
subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be.

--- Page 42 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
(iii) 
Subject to the requirements of applicable law, for the purposes of any calculations 
required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded 
up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be 
rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up). For 
these purposes “unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the 
lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, with respect to euro, means 0.01 euro. 
(f) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation 
Amount specified in the Final Terms and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual 
Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such 
Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest 
Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any 
other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply 
save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to 
be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, 
or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any 
rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine 
such rate or amount and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as 
the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, 
the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Optional Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make 
a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period is subject to adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 5(b), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 11, the accrued 
interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue 
to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the 
Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee 
otherwise requires. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 43 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
(h) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If the Calculation Agent does not at any time for any reason determine or calculate the 
Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or any Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount the Trustee shall 
do so (or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) and such determination or 
calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the 
Trustee shall apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition, with any necessary 
consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and, in all other 
respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances. 
(i) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a TARGET Settlement Day; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centres or, if no 
currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres; 
“BA-CDOR” means the Toronto inter-bank offered rate; 
“BBSW” means the Australian Bank Bill Swap Reference Rate administered by the 
Australian Financial Markets Association (or any other person which takes over the 
administration of that rate); 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual 
Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (x) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360;

--- Page 44 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
(d) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360x(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(e) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360x(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 45 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
(ii) 
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes: 
(a) 
if “30/360” is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months); 
(b) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360x(Y2−Y1)]+[30x(M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(c) 
if “Actual/Actual - ICMA” is specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which it falls, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination 
Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Determination Period in which it begins divided by 
the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Determination Period divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year,

--- Page 46 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next 
Determination Date; 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such hereon 
or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s); 
(iii) 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Notes: 
(a) 
if “RBA Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
for amounts paid and/or calculated in respect of Interest 
Payment Dates, one divided by the number of Interest Payment 
Dates in a year; and 
(ii) 
for amounts paid and/or calculated in respect of dates other than 
Interest Payment Dates, Actual/Actual (ICMA); 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate; 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended (the “Treaty”); 
“HIBOR” means the Hong Kong inter-bank offered rate; 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the 
Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual 
Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(i) 
the second London business day prior to the start of each Interest Accrual Period 
if the Reference Rate is LIBOR (other than Sterling or Euro LIBOR); 
(ii) 
the first day of each Interest Accrual Period if the Reference Rate is Sterling 
LIBOR; 
(iii) 
the second day on which the TARGET System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Accrual Period if the Reference Rate is Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR; 
(iv) 
the first day of each Interest Accrual Period if the Reference Rate is BA-CDOR; 
(v) 
the first day of each Interest Accrual Period if the Reference Rate is BBSW;

--- Page 47 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
(vi) 
the first day of each Interest Accrual Period if the Reference Rate is HIBOR; 
(vii) 
the second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Accrual Period if 
the Reference Rate is NIBOR; 
(viii) 
the second Singapore business day prior to the start of each Interest Accrual 
Period if the Reference Rate is SIBOR; or 
(ix) 
the second Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest Accrual 
Period if the Reference Rate is STIBOR; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Issue Date” means the date of issue of the Notes; “LIBOR” means the London inter-bank 
offered rate; “NIBOR” means the Norwegian inter-bank offered rate; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this 
Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the 
Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of (a) LIBOR, the principal 
London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market and; (b) EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; (c) 
BA-CDOR, the principal Toronto office of four major banks in the Toronto inter-bank 
market; (d) BBSW, the principal Sydney office of four major banks in the Sydney inter-
bank market; (e) HIBOR, the principal Hong Kong office of four major banks in the Hong 
Kong inter-bank market; (f) NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the 
Norwegian inter-bank market; (g) SIBOR, the principal Singapore office of four major 
banks in the Singapore inter-bank market; (h) STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of 
four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent or as specified hereon; 
“Reference Rate” means either EURIBOR, LIBOR, BA-CDOR, BBSW, HIBOR, 
NIBOR, SIBOR or STIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service); 
“SIBOR” means the Singapore inter-bank offered rate; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
“STIBOR” means the Stockholm inter-bank offered rate; and 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 
2007 or any successor thereto.

--- Page 48 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
(j) 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding 
(as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in 
respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be 
construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the 
prior written approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading bank or financial institution 
engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter 
index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination 
to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any 
other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(k) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5, whether by the Calculation Agent or the Trustee, shall (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, 
the Trustee, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach to the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by them of their powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(l) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance 
with Condition 5(l)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(l)(iv)). 
In making such determination, the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(l) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as 
an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to 
this Condition 5(l). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(l) prior to 
the date which is 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes 
in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Accrual Period. If there has not 
been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of 
Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that

--- Page 49 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph 
shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any 
subsequent Interest Accrual Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5(l)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 5(l)); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 5(l)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(l) and the 
Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or 
the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5(l)(v), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate 
signed by a director of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5(l)(v), the Trustee shall 
(at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that the Trustee shall not 
be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded 
to the Trustee in these Conditions or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(l), the Calculation Agent 
or any Paying Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent 
Adviser in respect of any changes or amendments as contemplated under this 
Condition 5(l) to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the

--- Page 50 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation 
Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement 
and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(l)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(l) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and, in accordance with Condition 17, the Noteholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by a 
director of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 5(l); and 
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
Each of the Trustee, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled 
to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence 
thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate 
as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(l), if in the Calculation 
Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses 
of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 5(l), 
the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall 
direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to 
adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or 
is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, 
wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 5(l) (i), (ii), 
(iii) and (iv), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred.

--- Page 51 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
(vii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5(l): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (x) a spread (which may be positive, negative 
or zero) or (y) the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
(in the case of a Successor Rate where no such recommendation as 
referred to in (a) above has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate) the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(c) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that there is no such spread, 
formula or methodology customarily applied as referred to in (b) above) 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser, determines in accordance with Condition 5(l)(ii) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(l)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 
5 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(2) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(3) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(4) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally or in 
respect of the Notes, or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences; or 
(5) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will 
be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to be) no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or

--- Page 52 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
(6) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, Trustee 
(or agent of a Trustee) or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate, 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of 
sub-paragraphs (2) and (3) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of 
the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, 
as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (4) above, on the date of the 
prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub- 
paragraph (5) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference 
Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer 
be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is specified in the 
relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public 
statement. 
“Business Day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks 
are open for business in the place of the specified office of the Calculation Agent. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(l)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms, is its Principal 
Amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(A) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 
Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 11 shall be the Amortised Face Amount

--- Page 53 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note unless specified in the Final 
Terms. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Amortised 
Face Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is shown in the Final Terms, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes 
if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c), Condition 6(d) or 
Condition 6(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due 
and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such sub- 
paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on 
which the Note becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference 
to the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both 
before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in 
accordance with Condition 5(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the Final Terms. 
(B) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Zero 
Coupon Notes) upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 
Condition 6(d) or Condition 6(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 11, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If, as a result of any amendment to or change in the laws or regulations of Finland or of 
any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax or 
any change in the official or generally accepted interpretation or application of such laws 
or regulations which becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
the Series of which the Notes form part, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay any 
additional amounts as described in Condition 9 (and such amendment or change has been 
evidenced by the delivery by the Issuer to the Trustee (who shall accept such certificate 
and opinion as sufficient evidence thereof) of (i) a certificate signed by a director of the 
Issuer on behalf of the Issuer stating that such amendment or change has occurred 
(irrespective of whether such amendment or change is then effective), describing the facts 
leading thereto and stating that such requirement cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that such amendment or change has occurred 
(irrespective of whether such amendment or change is then effective)), the Issuer may 
(having given not less than 30 nor more than 90 days’ irrevocable notice to the Trustee 
and to the holders in accordance with Condition 18) redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes (other than Notes in respect of which the Issuer shall have given a notice of 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(d) or in respect of which an Exercise Notice has been 
delivered in accordance with Condition 6(e), in each case prior to any notice being given 
under this Condition 6(c)) at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued

--- Page 54 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
interest to the date fixed for such redemption, provided that no such notice of redemption 
shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
required to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Note then due. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Option) 
If Call Option is specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 
nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders redeem, all or, if so provided, 
some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (other than Notes in respect of which 
the Issuer shall have given a notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c) or in respect 
of which an Exercise Notice has been delivered in accordance with Condition 6(e), in each 
case prior to any notice being given under this Condition 6(d)) in the principal amount or 
integral multiples thereof and on the date or dates so provided. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (which may be the Early Redemption 
Amount described in Condition 6(b) above) together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption. Any such redemption shall only relate to Notes of a nominal amount at 
least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified in the Final Terms. All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall 
be redeemed on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. In the 
case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been selected individually by lot 
in such place as the Trustee may approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes which are represented by a Global 
Certificate or Global Note, the relevant Notes will be selected in accordance with the rules 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (Put Option) 
If Put Option is specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder 
of such Note, redeem such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer, on the Optional Redemption Date(s) so provided 
at its Optional Redemption Amount (which shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, be the Early Redemption Amount described in Condition 6(b) above) 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent 
or (in the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed 
option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Note or 
Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in 
the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer, except that such Note or 
Certificate will be returned to the relevant Noteholder by the Paying Agent, the Registrar 
or Transfer Agent with which it has been deposited if, prior to the due date for its 
redemption or the exercise of the option, the Note becomes immediately due and payable 
or if upon due presentation payment of the redemption moneys is not made or exercise of 
the option is denied. 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries (as defined above) may, to the extent permitted by 
applicable law, at any time purchase Notes in the ordinary course of their respective 
treasury business (provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating 
thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at 
any price.

--- Page 55 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall be 
surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note 
together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate 
representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together 
with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes 
so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
7. 
Clean-up call  
If the Clean-up Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in the 
event that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or exceeding 80 per cent. (or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the principal amount 
of the Notes have been purchased and cancelled or redeemed by the Issuer (other than as 
a result of the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under Condition 6(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call))) the Issuer may, on giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem on the date specified in 
such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
8. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all 
other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8(f)(v)) 
or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 8(f)(ii)), as the case may 
be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque 
payable in the currency in which such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of the 
holder, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided that (i) in the case of euro, the transfer may be 
to, or the cheque drawn on, a euro account with a bank in any city which has access to the 
TARGET System and (ii) in the case of Bearer Notes and Coupons, payments will not be 
made either by mail to an address in the United States or by transfer to an account 
maintained in the United States. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of 
any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in 
subparagraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at 
the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof 
(the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made 
in the currency in which such payments are due by cheque drawn on a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the currency concerned and mailed to 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address 
appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date and subject as 
provided in paragraph (a) above, such payment of interest may be made by 
transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of that currency provided,

--- Page 56 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
however, that in the case of euro, the transfer may be to, or the cheque drawn on, 
a euro account with a bank in any city that has access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted 
by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9, payments will be subject in all cases 
to any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations in the place of payment or other laws 
and regulations to which the Issuer agrees to be subject and the Issuer will not be liable 
for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations or 
agreements. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and 
the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified 
offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, 
Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer (except as 
provided in the Trust Deed) and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or 
trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying 
Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered 
Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in 
at least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any 
other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect 
of any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of those Notes, Bearer Notes which comprise 
Fixed Rate Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face 
value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the

--- Page 57 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant 
to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate 
Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon 
shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the unmatured Coupons related thereto 
are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented 
for redemption without all unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the 
provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only 
bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note 
against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case 
may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but 
excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 11). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be 
made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, 
on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Settlement Day. 
(i) 
Definition of the euro 
References in these Conditions to the euro are to the currency which was introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to Article 
109(4) of the Treaty. 
9. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the 
Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected,

--- Page 58 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
withheld or assessed by or within Finland or by any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts to the Noteholder or Couponholder as shall result in receipt by that 
Noteholder or Couponholder of such amounts as would have been received by it had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
held by or on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with Finland other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(b) 
held by or on behalf of, a holder who would not be liable or subject to the withholding or 
deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption 
to the relevant tax authority; or 
(c) 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth 
such day. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes or 
Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing 
such an intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA 
Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional 
amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on 
which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders 
that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include 
any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) 
“interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant 
to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall 
be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any 
undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years (in 
the case of both principal and interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11. 
Events of Default 
The Trustee may and, if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders shall (in any case provided that the Trustee has been indemnified to its satisfaction), 
give notice to the Issuer declaring the Notes to be, and they shall accordingly immediately become, 
immediately due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest as 
provided in the Trust Deed, if any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall have 
occurred and, in the case of (b), (c), (d) or (e) below, the Trustee shall have certified to the Issuer

--- Page 59 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
that the happening of such event is in its opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders: 
(a) 
Non-Payment 
Default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven days (in the case 
of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of the 
Notes; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
The Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations in the 
Notes or the Trust Deed which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 days 
after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default 
Any sums amounting in aggregate to €30,000,000 (or its equivalent as reasonably 
determined by the Trustee) payable in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money 
contracted or guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries are: 
(i) 
not paid when due (as extended by any applicable grace period); 
(ii) 
declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to their specified 
maturity by reason of default (however described); or 
(iii) 
capable of being declared due and payable prior to their specified maturity by 
reason of default (howsoever described); or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings 
A distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on 
or against any material part (in the opinion of the Trustee) of the property, assets or 
revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries and is not discharged or stayed 
within 90 days; or 
(e) 
Security Enforced 
Any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or 
assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes enforceable and any 
step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a 
receiver, administrative receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
(f) 
Insolvency 
The Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is, or could be, deemed by law or a 
court to be) insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts, stops, suspends or threatens 
to stop or suspend payment of all or a material part (in the opinion of the Trustee) of (or 
of a particular type of) its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of 
any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting all or 
any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries; or 
(g) 
Winding-up 
An order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution or 
administration of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries shall apply or petition for a winding-up or administration order in 
respect of itself or cease or threaten to cease to carry on all or a substantially all (in the 
opinion of the Trustee) of its business or operations, in each case except for the purpose

--- Page 60 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or 
consolidation (i) on terms previously approved by the Trustee in writing or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or (ii) in the case of a Material Subsidiary, 
whereby the undertaking and assets of that Material Subsidiary are transferred to or 
otherwise vested in the Issuer or another of its Subsidiaries; or 
(h) 
Nationalisation 
Any step is taken by any person with a view to the seizure, compulsory acquisition, 
expropriation or nationalisation of all or a material part (in the opinion of the Trustee) of 
the assets of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; or 
(i) 
Authorisation and Consents 
Any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary 
consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or 
registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the 
Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations 
under the Notes and the Trust Deed, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legally binding 
and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the Trust Deed admissible in evidence in 
the courts of Finland is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
Illegality 
It is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of 
its obligations under any of the Notes or the Trust Deed. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Excluded Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
which is a single purpose company whose principal assets and business are 
constituted by the ownership, acquisition, development and/or operation of an 
asset; 
(b) 
none of whose Indebtedness for Borrowed Money incurred in order to finance the 
ownership, acquisition, development and/or operation of any asset, is subject to 
any recourse whatsoever to any member of the Group (other than another 
Excluded Subsidiary) in respect of the repayment thereof, except as expressly 
referred to in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Project Finance Indebtedness; 
and 
(c) 
which has been designated as such by the Issuer by written notice to the Trustee, 
provided that the Issuer may give written notice to the Trustee at any time that 
any Excluded Subsidiary is no longer an Excluded Subsidiary, whereupon it shall 
cease to be an Excluded Subsidiary; 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any present or future indebtedness (whether 
being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (i) money 
borrowed, (ii) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit, or (iii) 
any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities offered, issued 
or distributed whether by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition consideration 
or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other 
than cash; 
“Material Subsidiary” means at any time any Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets, revenues or cash flows (consolidated in the case of a company 
which itself has subsidiaries) represent not less than 10 per cent. of the 
consolidated total assets, consolidated revenues or consolidated cash flow of the

--- Page 61 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
Group taken as a whole, all as calculated by reference to the then most recent 
financial statements (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of that 
Subsidiary and the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Group; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the assets and 
undertaking of a Subsidiary which, immediately prior to such transfer, is a 
Material Subsidiary; 
“Project Finance Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money incurred in 
order to finance the ownership, acquisition, development and/or operation of any asset: 
(a) 
which is incurred by an Excluded Subsidiary; or 
(b) 
in respect of which, the person (or persons) to whom any such Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money is or may be owed by the relevant borrower (whether or not a 
member of the Group) has (or have) no recourse whatsoever to any member of 
the Group (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) for the repayment thereof other 
than: 
(i) 
recourse to such borrower for amounts limited to the cash flow or net 
cash flow (other than historic cash flow or historic net cash flow) from 
such asset; and/or 
(ii) 
recourse to such borrower for the purpose only of enabling amounts to 
be claimed in respect of such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money in an 
enforcement of any encumbrance given by such borrower over such asset 
or the income, cash flow or other proceeds deriving therefrom (or given 
by any shareholder or the like in the borrower over its shares or the like 
in the capital of the borrower) to secure such Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money, provided that (aa) the extent of such recourse to such borrower 
is limited solely to the amount of any recoveries made on any such 
enforcement, and (bb) such person or persons are not entitled, by virtue 
of any right or claim arising out of or in connection with such 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, to commence proceedings for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the borrower or to appoint or procure the 
appointment of any receiver, trustee or similar person or officer in respect 
of the borrower or any of its assets (save for the assets the subject of such 
encumbrance); and/or 
(iii) 
recourse to such borrower generally, or directly or indirectly to a member 
of the Group, under any form of assurance, undertaking or support, which 
recourse is limited to a claim for damages (other than liquidated damages 
and damages required to be calculated in a specified way) for breach of 
an obligation (not being a payment obligation or an obligation to procure 
payment by another or an indemnity in respect thereof or any obligation 
to comply or to procure compliance by another with any financial ratios 
or other tests of financial condition) by the person against whom such 
recourse is available; 
“Subsidiary” means, at any particular time, either: 
(a) 
any company which is then directly or indirectly controlled, or at least 50 per cent. 
of whose issued equity share capital (or equivalent) is then beneficially owned, 
by the Issuer and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries. For a company to be 
“controlled” by another means that the other (whether directly or indirectly and 
whether by the ownership of share capital, the possession of voting power, 
contract or otherwise) has the power to appoint and/or remove all or the majority 
of the members of the board of directors or other governing body of that company 
or otherwise controls or has the power to control the affairs and policies of that 
company; or

--- Page 62 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
(b) 
any subsidiaries regarded as subsidiaries in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles in Finland. 
A report by the directors of the Issuer that, in their opinion, an entity is or is not or was or 
was not at any particular time a Subsidiary, an Excluded Subsidiary or Material 
Subsidiary, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the 
Trustee. 
A certificate of the Issuer signed by one of its directors stating that, having made all 
relevant enquiries, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer as at 
the Certification Date (as defined in the Trust Deed), no Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) had occurred since the date of the last such 
certificate or (if none) the date of the Trust Deed or, if such an event had occurred, giving 
details of it, shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
12. 
Meeting of Noteholders, Modifications and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution 
of a modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed. The 
quorum for any meeting convened to consider a resolution other than an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be one or more persons holding or representing in the aggregate not less 
than one-tenth in Principal Amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, and the 
quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one 
or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in Principal Amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the Principal Amount of the Notes held or represented, 
unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the Principal Amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest 
in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, 
(iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount is shown in the Final Terms, to 
reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, 
(vi) to vary the Specified Currency or Specified Currencies of payment or Specified 
Denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum 
required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary 
Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds or at any adjourned meeting not less than one third 
in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any resolution duly 
passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting 
at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. The expression 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened by a majority consisting of not less than three-quarters of the votes cast. All 
other resolutions shall be passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened by a clear 
majority of the votes cast. 
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by, or on behalf of, the holders 
of not less than 90 per cent. in principal amount of Notes who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of such Noteholders duly convened and 
held.

--- Page 63 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, (i) agree to 
any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or these Conditions, the Notes 
or the Coupons that is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with a mandatory provision of the laws 
of England or Finland, and (ii) agree to any other modification (except as mentioned in 
the Trust Deed), and waive or authorise any breach, continuing breach or proposed breach, 
of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or these Conditions that is in the opinion of the 
Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such 
modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders as soon as practicable. 
(c) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its trusts, powers and duties (including but not limited 
to those referred to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, 
nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders. 
13. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified 
office of the Issuing and Paying Agent (in case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the 
Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case 
may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which 
may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Coupon or 
Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further 
Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect 
of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue 
shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities of any series 
(including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. 
References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any 
other securities issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes. 
Any further securities forming a single series with the outstanding securities of any series 
(including the Notes) constituted by the Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall, and any 
other securities may (with the consent of the Trustee), be constituted by the Trust Deed. The Trust 
Deed contains provisions for convening a single meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of 
securities of other series where the Trustee so decides. 
15. 
Enforcement 
At any time after the Notes become due and payable, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the terms 
of the Trust Deed, but it need not take any such proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed

--- Page 64 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding and (b) it shall have been indemnified to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder, or Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound so to proceed fails to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
16. 
Indemnification of Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any 
entity related to the Issuer without accounting for any profits. 
The Trustee has no responsibility for the maintenance of any rating assigned to the Rated Securities 
by any person. 
17. 
Notices 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Registered Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be 
mailed to them (or, in the case of joint holders, to the first named) at their respective addresses in 
the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices required to be given to the holders of 
Bearer Notes pursuant to the Conditions shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or if any such publication is 
not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading English language daily 
newspaper or as otherwise required by any exchange on which the Notes are listed. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
19. 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Service of Process 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with the Trust Deed or any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly 
any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed or any 
Notes, Coupons or Talons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer 
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and waives any objection 
to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings 
have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of 
each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any 
of them to take Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions or preclude the taking of 
Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Jordans Trust Company Limited of Suite 1, 3rd Floor 11-
12 St. James’ Square, London SW1Y 4LB as its agent in England to receive, for it and on 
its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed 
completed on delivery to such process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received

--- Page 65 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
by the Issuer). If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no 
longer has an address in England, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute 
process agent and shall immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in 
accordance with Condition 17. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any 
manner permitted by law.

--- Page 66 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of any Notes will be used by the Issuer for general funding purposes and/or 
as otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the proceeds of any “green” bond may be used to finance and/or 
refinance specified green projects in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria. Such criteria 
may include, but are not limited to, projects which involve green energy initiatives (such as energy 
efficiency, wind power, solar power, biomass and clean transport), climate change projects and/or other 
social infrastructure schemes. Details of such projects, and of any third party agency appointed to monitor 
compliance with such arrangements, will be detailed in the relevant Final Terms. See “Risk Factors – Risks 
related to Notes – Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to green assets” for further detail.

--- Page 67 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN 
form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), (i) the Global Notes or the Global Certificates will 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper and (ii) the 
relevant clearing systems will be notified by the Issuing and Paying Agent whether or not such Global 
Notes or the Global Certificates are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Depositing the Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or registration of Registered Notes 
in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global 
Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to 
time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system 
shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a 
statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may (if indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) also be credited to the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other 
clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by 
other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may 
similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other 
clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system (an “Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global 
Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System 
(as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or 
the registered holder of the Global Certificate, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising 
under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may 
be). 
Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so 
long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the 
Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying 
Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchange 
1. 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with 
TEFRA C or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (see “Overview of the 
Programme – Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes 
defined and described below; and

--- Page 68 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
(B) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement, for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so 
provided in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any permanent Global Note or 
Definitive Notes for which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be 
exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes only. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which are represented by a temporary Global Note which is 
expressed to be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes at the option of the Noteholders, such 
Notes shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if 
more than one Specified Denomination, the lower Specified Denomination and multiples thereof). 
2. 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 4 below, in part for Definitive 
Notes or, in the case of paragraph 4 below, Registered Notes: 
(A) 
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice 
to the Issuing and Paying Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such 
Global Note for Registered Notes; or 
(B) 
otherwise, (1) if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory 
or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so 
or (2) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice 
to the Issuing and Paying Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one 
or more Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a Global Certificate on issue, 
transfers or exchanges of the holding of Registered Notes represented by any Global Certificate 
pursuant to Condition 2(b) may only be made in part: 
(A) 
if the Registered Notes represented by the Global Certificate are held on behalf of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such 
clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so; or 
(B) 
if principal in respect of any Registered Notes is not paid when due; or 
(C) 
with the consent of the Issuer 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3(A) or 
3(B) above, the holder of the Global Certificate has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice 
at its specified office of the intention of the holder of the Global Certificate to effect such transfer. 
4. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system so permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable at the cost of the 
Issuer in part on one or more occasions (1) for Registered Notes if the permanent Global Note is

--- Page 69 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
an Exchangeable Bearer Note and the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for 
Registered Notes, or (2) for Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when 
due. 
5. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note 
may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to 
or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof 
to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that 
is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement 
of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note or Global 
Certificate exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery 
of, an equal aggregate principal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or 
Certificates, as the case may be or if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details 
of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Base 
Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes 
for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons 
in respect of interest or that has not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive 
Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable 
legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to 
the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder 
so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant 
Definitive Notes. 
6. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 
40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 
60 days, or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of failure to 
pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring 
exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, the permanent Global Notes and the Global Certificates contain provisions 
that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
1. 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any temporary Global Note unless 
exchange for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is 
improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance 
with the D Rules before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Trust Deed. All payments in respect 
of Notes represented by a Global Note in a CGN form will be made against presentation for 
endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that 
Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall 
have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is CGN, a record of 
each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima 
facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a 
NGN or if the Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each 
such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case 
of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced 
accordingly. Payments under the NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will

--- Page 70 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records 
of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments 
made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the 
definition of “business day” set out in Condition 7(h) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the 
order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record 
date which shall be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for 
payment, where Clearing System Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive except 25 
December and 1 January. 
2. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note or a 
Global Certificate will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of five years 
(in the case of both principal and interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes - Taxation”). 
3. 
Meetings 
For the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders the holder of a 
permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall be treated as 
having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. 
All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of 
the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not 
represented by a Global Certificate. 
4. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
principal amount of the relevant permanent Global Note. 
5. 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) if they are purchased together 
with the rights to receive all future payments of interest set out in the Final Terms. 
6. 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice 
to the Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the 
Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the certificate numbers of Notes 
drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be 
required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the 
Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will 
be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant 
Alternative Clearing System, as the case may be (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be)). 
7. 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate may be exercised by the holder of the Global 
Note or Global Certificate giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits 
relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to 
contain the certificate numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and 
stating the principal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same 
time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Global Note or Global Certificate

--- Page 71 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN or where the Global Certificate is held under 
the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records 
of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will 
be reduced accordingly. 
8. 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to 
the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and 
upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the 
Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
9. 
Trustee’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any 
Global Certificate is registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may 
have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the 
identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global 
Note or Global Certificate and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the 
holders of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate. 
10. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate and such Global 
Note or Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of 
that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for 
communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the 
Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note or Global 
Certificate. 
11. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of 
any nominee for, a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer or the Trustee (as the case may be) given 
by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications 
systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and 
procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Trust Deed) shall, for 
all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary Resolution 
to be passed at a meeting for which the enhanced quorum requirements in the Trust Deed 
were satisfied), take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders 
of Coupons and Talons whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a 
Written Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the Issuer and 
the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to 
the Issuer and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, by (a) accountholders in the clearing 
system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global Certificate and/or, where (b) the 
accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent 
from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder as the person for 
whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any 
such consent or instruction, the Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any 
certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing 
system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder 
identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution

--- Page 72 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the 
relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other 
document may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided 
by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in 
which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly 
identified together with the amount of such holding. Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee 
shall be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected 
any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person 
and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 73 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
FINGRID OYJ 
Overview and History 
Fingrid is a public limited liability company incorporated under the Finnish Limited Liability Company 
Act (624/2006, as amended). Fingrid was registered in the Finnish Trade Register on 13 January 1997 under 
Business Identity Code 1072894-3 and it operates under Finnish law. Fingrid’s registered address is at 
Läkkisepäntie 21, 00620 Helsinki, Finland, with telephone number +358 30 395 5000 and its domicile is 
Helsinki, Finland. 
Fingrid holds an electricity network licence, owns the Main Grid (as defined below) and holds the Main 
Grid agreements and the related cash flows. Fingrid is responsible for the Finnish electricity system and 
cross-border electricity transmission as well as controlling and maintaining emergency reserve power. 
Fingrid also owns reserve power plants used only in network disturbance situations. 
On 13 July 2009, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted the third energy 
package concerning the internal energy market (the “Energy Package”). The decision provides for, among 
other things, rules for a renewed internal electricity market, regulation on conditions for access to the 
network for cross-border exchanges in electricity and the requirement that transmission operations are 
unbundled from electricity generation and sales operations by March 2012. As a result of the Energy 
Package, Pohjolan Voima Oy (“PVO”) and Fortum Power and Heat Oy (“Fortum”) as electricity generation 
companies had to dispose of their shareholding. On 19 April 2011, Fortum and PVO sold their combined 
50 per cent. shareholding in Fingrid to the State of Finland and Mutual Pension Insurance Company 
Ilmarinen. 
The Finnish Electricity Market Act that implements the Energy Package to Finnish legislation came into 
force on 1 September 2013. The EA issued a decision on 14 March 2014 in which it confirmed that Fingrid 
fulfils the requirements set out in the Finnish Electricity Market Act concerning the unbundling. The EA 
issued a decision on 19 January 2015 by which it granted Fingrid an electricity network licence and 
appointed Fingrid to be the Transmission System Operator in Finland (excluding Åland, Finland). 
The general meeting of shareholders of Fingrid held on 6 June 2014 amended the Company’s Articles of 
Association by, for example, deleting a section of clause 3 that stated that a shareholder may vote with a 
maximum of forty-nine point nine per cent. (49.9 per cent.) of the total votes represented in the meeting. 
As a result of the deletion, the State of Finland, who currently directly owns 28.24 per cent. of the shares 
of the Company entitling it to 37.66 per cent. of the votes and indirectly owns, through the Finnish National 
Emergency Supply Agency, 24.90 per cent. of the shares of Fingrid entitling it to 33.20 per cent. of the 
votes, and through the State Pension fund, 0.03 per cent. of the shares of Fingrid entitling it to 0.01 per 
cent. of the votes, can, therefore, vote with all its shareholding. Thus, it can be deemed that Fingrid is 
directly controlled by the State of Finland. All shareholders of the Company may use their rights over the 
Company in compliance with the provisions of the Finnish Limited Liability Company Act and Fingrid’s 
Articles of Association.  
The following table sets forth the direct and indirect ownership in Fingrid of the State of Finland as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus:  
 
 
 
 
Share of 
shares 
Share of 
votes 
 
(per cent.) 
State of Finland ............................................................................................................... 
28.24 
37.66 
Indirect ownership by the State of Finland: 
 
 
Finnish National Emergency Supply Agency ............................................................... 
24.90 
33.20 
State Pension Fund ....................................................................................................... 
  0.03 
  0.01 
Total indirect ownership.................................................................................................. 
24.93 
33.21 
Total direct and indirect ownership by the State of Finland ............................................ 
53.17 
70.87 
 
Business and Operations 
Fingrid is the owner and operator of Finland’s high voltage electricity transmission system (the “Main 
Grid”) and all major cross-border power interconnections with neighbouring countries. Fingrid’s business

--- Page 74 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
comprises the provision of Main Grid services, cross-border services, balance services and electricity 
market services to connected customers as well as participants in the electricity market. Fingrid owns nearly 
100 per cent. of Finland’s 400 kV and 220 kV lines. The 110 kV lines owned by Fingrid (approximately 
half of the 110kV lines in Finland) complement the meshed structure of its network and enable direct access 
by all substantial consumption and production entities to the Main Grid. 
Power Transmission 
Fingrid owns and operates over 14,000 kilometres of power lines and more than 100 electricity sub-stations. 
The Company transmitted through the Main Grid approximately 78.4 per cent. (or 68.4 TWh) of the total 
electricity consumed in or transmitted via Finland in 2020. The balance was produced and consumed in 
regional grids or at industrial sites. 
 
By international comparison, Fingrid’s transmission losses are low indicating a well invested and 
maintained transmission grid with high level of operational efficiency. 
Grid Operation and Asset Management 
Fingrid’s approach to grid operation and asset management is driven by the system safety and security 
obligations imposed by the Finnish Electricity Market Act. In its operations, the Company employs modern 
information technology that allows real-time centralised monitoring and control of the network. The 
Company places considerable emphasis on up-to-date technology as well as automating and outsourcing of 
routine work. All strategic network tasks are performed by Fingrid’s personnel. Local operations and 
maintenance are outsourced to qualified subcontractors that are selected in a competitive tender process. 
Such suppliers need to comply with Fingrid’s Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Services 
Main Grid Services 
Fingrid offers grid services to customers who are planning or already have a connection to the Main Grid 
and who want to transfer electricity through their connection point(s) to and from the Main Grid. Services 
include all aspects related to the Main Grid (e.g. planning, constructing, maintaining and operating the 
grid). Currently Fingrid has approximately 120 grid service customers. 
Cross-border Services 
Cross-border services are offered to customers who transfer electricity through Fingrid’s Nordic, Russian 
and Estonian connections. The total power transmission capacity available to Sweden, Norway and Estonia 
is offered to the power market with equal and uniform principles in the Nordic electricity market exchange, 
the Nord Pool AS and in the Elspot and Elbas market run by the Nord Pool AS. 
The transmission services on Russian connections are offered separately to all electricity market parties. 
Balance Services 
Fingrid is responsible for maintaining a continuous power balance in Finland and for the imbalance 
settlement. Fingrid’s customers can balance the difference between their electricity production, 
procurement and consumption and sales through Fingrid’s balance services (i.e. balance power, balance 
settlement and participation in the Nordic balancing power market). Since May 2017, eSett Oy, a Finnish 
limited liability company jointly owned by Fingrid, Statnett (the Norwegian transmission system operator) 
and Svenska Kraftnät (the Swedish transmission system operator) in equal shares, has provided imbalance 
settlement services to its owners. In May 2019, Energinet (Danish transmission system operator) joined the 
Nordic imbalance settlement and became a shareholder in eSett Oy, as a result of which all four 
shareholders hold equal shares of 25 per cent. of the eSett Oy. 
Centralised Information Exchange 
Based on the amendment (18.1.2019/108) to the Finnish Electricity Market Act, Fingrid is responsible for 
carrying out the preparation work concerning the implementation of a centralised information exchange

--- Page 75 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
system for the electricity retail market called Datahub, and in the future to provide and develop Datahub’s 
services as well as administer the registered information for electricity market needs. Datahub will contain 
data from 3.7 million electricity metering points in Finland. The information contained in Datahub will be 
used by approximately 100 electricity suppliers and over 80 distribution network companies serving 
electricity consumers. A Government decree determines the final date of implementation of the centralised 
information exchange system Datahub. Fingrid’s fully-owned subsidiary, Fingrid Datahub Oy, will 
implement the operational tasks related to Datahub and it will be launched in February 2022. The EA has 
confirmed the methodology for pricing and will later confirm service terms and conditions for the 
centralised information exchange.  
Earnings Model and Pricing 
The EA monitors the reasonableness of Fingrid’s pricing. The EA has developed a methodology to assess 
the reasonableness of Fingrid’s return. The EA has confirmed the methodology for pricing for the periods 
2016-2019 and 2020-2023. The regulation methods entered into force on 1 January 2016. 
The Main Grid services offered by the Company and the manner in which those services are priced are 
governed by the Finnish Electricity Market Act. The pricing structure is mainly based on consumption of 
electricity, which makes Fingrid’s income flow stable and improves financial predictability.  
The Finnish Electricity Market Act was amended on 1 September 2017 to restrict a grid operator’s ability 
to increase prices. A Finnish grid operator may increase its electricity transmission charges up to a 
maximum of 15 per cent. of the electricity transmission charges collected during the 12 months preceding 
the increase. If the grid operator makes additional increases to the electricity transmission charges during a 
12 month period commencing from the date of the initial increase, these additional increases may not exceed 
15 per cent. of the electricity transmission charges collected during the 12 month period that preceded the 
initial increase. In a government proposal dated 28 January 2021 to amend the Electricity Market Act, the 
annual cap to increase prices is further lowered to 8 per cent. during the 12 months preceding the increase.  
Capital Expenditure 
Capital expenditure is planned with a 10 year time horizon and also includes preliminary plans for up to 
20-30 years ahead. Certain network projects are executed in a significantly shorter time horizon, for 
example, the lead time is approximately five years for the construction and completion of new substations 
and power lines. Capital expenditure is driven by network aging, market development and needs to connect 
new power plants to the network. 
Between 2021 and 2030, Fingrid’s capital expenditure in the transmission grid and reserve power is 
estimated to be at around €2 billion. 
Covid-19 Pandemic 
Due to the nature of the Company’s business, business continuity management is at the core of the 
management system, and, thus, Fingrid has implemented procedures on how to react to and operate in 
exceptional circumstances. Despite the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, the Company’s management and 
decision-making has been not materially altered from normal operations and the Company’s day-to-day 
business operations have continued more or less normally by switching largely to a remote working mode. 
Instructions issued by the authorities related to the covid-19 pandemic are being adhered to by Fingrid’s 
internal covid-19 pandemic working group. This group is also responsible for instructing and issuing safety 
instructions to Fingrid’s personnel. The executive management group follows the covid-19 pandemic 
situation in each meeting, and Fingrid’s investments and maintenance works have proceeded largely as 
planned. In order to secure the Company’s liquidity and solvency in all scenarios, the Company took certain 
precautionary measures in the spring of 2020 by increasing its committed and uncommitted credit facilities, 
reducing the share of short term debt and increasing its cash balances. The impact of the covid-19 pandemic 
on electricity generation, consumption and markets has been limited in the Nordic markets. 
Regulatory Framework 
Fingrid is the only entity licensed in continental Finland to conduct national high voltage power 
transmission. On 10 April 2014, Fingrid applied for a new licence under the Finnish Electricity Market Act. 
The new licence was issued by the EA on 19 January 2015. The licence is valid until further notice.

--- Page 76 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
A precondition for grant of the license was that Fingrid was certified as an unbundled Transmission System 
Operator. This decision was made by the EA on 14 March 2014 as mentioned above. The unbundling 
decision includes two conditions relating to the shareholders of Fingrid that Fingrid has to fulfil: Fingrid 
has to notify the EA in case any other shareholder other than the State of Finland purchases over 5 per cent. 
of the shares in a company that produces or supplies power and any subsequent 1 per cent. holding increase 
thereof; and a shareholder of Fingrid who held 0.13 per cent. of voting shares at the time had to renounce 
such voting shares by 31 December 2016. This matter was resolved between the shareholder and the EA so 
that the shareholder gave up voting rights in a way acceptable to the EA. 
Under the terms of the Finnish Electricity Market Act and the decree (27.8.2013/635) issued by the Ministry 
of Economic Affairs and Employment concerning the systems responsibility of the Transmission System 
Operator, Fingrid’s primary obligations are to:  
1. ensure that the Main Grid can fulfil reasonable demands for electricity transmission in the long 
term; 
2. manage the operations of the Main Grid so that it operates safely and efficiently; 
3. maintain adequate resources concerning the Main Grid service so that the party responsible for 
the system can on its part secure the delivery of reliable electricity; 
4. manage the required ancillary services; and 
5. take care of balance management and settlement. 
These obligations also include requirements in relation to operational security, safety of operations, 
environmental matters, reliable metering, equal and non-discriminatory access to the Main Grid and 
provision of adequate information for the EA to be able to fulfil its monitoring duty. 
Directors and Executive Management Group 
The members of the Board and Executive Management Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus, their 
positions and, where significant, their principal activities outside the Group are as follows: 
Board of Directors 
Name 
Position 
Principal Activities outside the 
Group 
Mr Juhani Järvi 
Chair 
Board work 
Mrs Päivi Nerg 
Deputy Chair 
Permanent Under-Secretary, The 
Ministry of Finance 
Mr Hannu Linna 
Member 
Board work 
Mrs Sanna Syri 
Member 
Professor, Energy Technology and 
Energy Economics, Aalto 
University, School of Engineering 
Mr Esko Torsti 
Member 
Head of Non-listed Investments, 
Ilmarinen Mutual Pension 
Insurance Company

--- Page 77 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
Executive Management Group 
Name 
Position 
Principal Activities outside the 
Group 
Mr Jukka Ruusunen 
President and CEO  
Chairman, The National 
Emergency Supply Council, 
Board Member, Ensto Oy 
Mr Jan Montell 
Senior Vice President, Chief 
Financial Officer 
Board Member, The Counties’ 
Service Center for Facilities and 
Real Estate Management  
Board Member, Chairman of the 
Audit Committee, Pohjola 
Rakennus PRG Oy 
Mr. Timo Kiiveri 
Senior Vice President, Asset 
Management 
Deputy Board Member, Vipetec 
Oy 
Mrs Asta Sihvonen-Punkka 
Executive 
Vice 
President 
Markets 
Board Member, eSett Oy, Board 
Member, Gasgrid Finland Oy 
 
Mr Jussi Jyrinsalo 
Senior 
Vice 
President, 
Customers and Grid Planning 
Member of Finnish Energy Grid 
Committee, Member of Nordic 
Planning Group, Metropolia 
University of Applied Sciences, 
Electricity and Automation 
Engineering Advisory Board 
Member 
Mrs Tiina Miettinen 
Senior Vice President, HR 
and Communications 
Member, Finnish Energy Labour 
Market Committee 
Mr Reima Päivinen 
Senior Vice President, Power 
System Operation 
Chairman, Power and District 
Heat Pool 
 
Mr Kari Suominen 
Chief Information Officer 
Board Member, DigiFinland 
Oy, Member, ENTSO-E Digital 
Committee, Deputy Board 
Member, eSett Oy 
Mrs Marina Louhija 
Senior 
Vice 
President, 
General Counsel, legal affairs 
and 
administration, 
compliance and sustainability 
Member of the Legal and 
Regulatory Group, ENTSO-E 
Member of the Council of the 
Helsinki Region Chamber of the 
Commerce 
 
The business address of each of the members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Management 
Group is Läkkisepäntie 21, 00620 Helsinki, Finland. 
None of the members of the Board or the Executive Management Group have any conflict or potential 
conflict of interests between their duties to Fingrid and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 78 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
General 
The comments below are of a general nature and are not intended to be exhaustive. Any Noteholders who 
are in doubt as to their own tax position should consult their professional advisers. 
1. 
Finnish Taxation 
The following summary outlines Finnish tax consequences to holders of Notes who are not 
residents of Finland for tax purposes and who are not engaged in business in Finland for Finnish 
tax purposes through a permanent place of business in Finland or otherwise. Purchasers are urged 
to consult their professional advisers as to the tax consequences of holding or transferring Notes. 
Under present Finnish law, payments of the principal of and interest (if any) on the Notes will be 
exempt from all taxes, duties, fees and imposts of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or within 
the Republic of Finland or by any province, municipality or other political sub-division or taxing 
authority thereof and therein, except when the holder of the Note or Coupon to which any such 
payment relates is subject to such taxation thereon by reason of such holder being connected with 
the Republic of Finland otherwise than solely by his holding of such Note or Coupon or the receipt 
of income therefrom. However, interest payments made by the Issuer or a securities dealer (i.e. a 
Finnish financial institution making the payment) to holders of the Notes who are not resident in 
Finland for tax purposes may, nevertheless, be subject to Finnish withholding tax, unless the 
identity of the holders of the Notes can be appropriately established. See “Risk Factors – Risks 
related to Notes generally - Interest payments on the Notes may be subject to Finnish withholding 
tax if the Noteholder’s status as a not resident of Finland for tax purposes cannot be appropriately 
established”. 
The above holders of the Notes are not liable to pay Finnish capital gains tax on Notes nor is 
transfer tax in general payable on a transfer of Notes. 
Transfers of Notes by a non-resident by way of a gift or by reason of the death of the owner may 
be subject to Finnish gift or inheritance tax, respectively, to the extent that either party is tax 
resident in Finland. 
2. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly 
known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including Finland) have entered into, 
or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts 
as a result of the withholding. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these 
rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
3. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013 the European Commission published a proposal (“the Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.

--- Page 79 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance 
and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is 
subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. 
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.

--- Page 80 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and the conditions contained in an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement 
dated 19 March 2021 (the “Programme Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Permanent Dealers, the 
Notes will be offered from time to time by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has 
reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The 
Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as 
agents of the Issuer. The Programme Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches 
that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer, which 
commission may be deducted from the net proceeds payable to the Issuer on the closing of any series of 
Notes. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses incurred in connection 
with the establishment and the update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in 
connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they 
make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and regulations 
thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D apply or whether 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, 
it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, 
(i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of such Tranche as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-
syndicated issue) or the relevant Lead Manager (in the case of a syndicated issue), within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation 
S. In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase 
the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any 
person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United 
States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure 
without the prior written consent of the Issuer or any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person 
within the United States is prohibited.

--- Page 81 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each 
of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
(which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other 
relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the 
purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 82 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Final Terms in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms in all cases at 
its own expense.

--- Page 83 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Final Terms dated [●] 
FINGRID OYJ 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €1,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PRIIPs / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance 
Mediation Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 84 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 19 March 2021 [and the supplemental Prospectus dated [•]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplemental Prospectus] [has][have] been published on Euronext Dublin’s website (http://www.ise.ie). 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 March 2021 and incorporated by reference into the 
Base Prospectus dated [current date]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 19 March 2021[and the supplemental Prospectus dated [•]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplemental Prospectus] [has][have] been published on Euronext Dublin website (http://www.ise.ie). 
1 
Issuer: 
Fingrid Oyj 
2 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[Date on which the Notes became 
fungible:] 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with [●] on the [Issue Date].] 
3 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [●]] 
6 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof 
up to and including [●]. No Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [●]] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7 
(i) 
[Issue Date:] 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
[Interest Commencement Date:] 
[●] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] [LIBOR/EURIBOR/BA-
CDOR/BBSW/HIBOR/ 
NIBOR/SIBOR/STIBOR/Compounded 
Daily 
€STR] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] [Zero 
Coupon]

--- Page 85 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[At par]/[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount] 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the [Interest 
Commencement Date][Issue Date], up to (but 
excluding) [date] paragraph [14/15] applies and for 
the period from (and including) [date], up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [14/15] 
applies]/[Not Applicable] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
13 
[(i)] 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
[(ii) 
Date Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[●]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] [RBA Bond Basis] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
15 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]

--- Page 86 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/BA-CDOR/BBSW/HIBOR/ 
NIBOR/SIBOR/STIBOR/Compounded 
Daily 
€STR] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●]/[The [second]/[●] TARGET Settlement Day 
falling after the last day of the relevant Observation 
Period] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Shift][Not Applicable] 
 
€STR Lag Period (p): 
[[●]/[Five] 
TARGET 
Settlement 
Days][Not 
Applicable] 
 
€STR Shift Period (p): 
[[●]/[Five] 
TARGET 
Settlement 
Days][Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Specify €STR Lag Period or €STR Shift Period 
where €STR is the Reference Rate. Specify “p” 
TARGET Settlement Days for €STR, where “p” shall 
not be less than five without the prior agreement of 
the Calculation Agent] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
[ISDA Definitions:] 
[2006] 
 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
+/- [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual/Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360]

--- Page 87 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] [RBA Bond Basis] 
16 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
6(b)] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
18 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
6(b)] 
19 
Clean-up Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 88 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
 
                (a) Notice Period  
 
 
[●] 
 
                (b) Optional Redemption     
                      Amount   
 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
                (b) Clean-up Threshold                 
                      Amount   
 
[[●] per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes] / 
[Per Condition 7]]  
20 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
21 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
Event of Default: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
6(b)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
permanent Global Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, 
held under the NSS)]] 
23 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
24 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may

--- Page 89 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for registered notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
25 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●].] 
26 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. 
S 
Compliance 
Category 
2; 
TEFRA 
C/TEFRAD/TEFRA not applicable] 
27 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[[LIBOR / EURIBOR / BA-CDOR / BBSW / 
HIBOR / NIBOR / SIBOR / STIBOR / €STR] is 
provided by [administrator legal name]. [As at the 
date 
hereof, 
[administrator 
legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended.]/[As far as 
the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [EURIBOR 
/ BA-CDOR / BBSW / HIBOR / NIBOR / SIBOR / 
STIBOR / €STR] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended.]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Third Party Information 
[[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 90 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
Listing 
 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin’s regulated market with effect from 
[●].]/[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market 
with effect from [●]. 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been] [are expected to 
be] rated [by one or more of the below rating 
agencies]: 
 
 
[S&P: [•]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [•] and/or] 
 
 
[Other] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”).]

--- Page 91 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
 
[“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”]] 
4 
Use of Proceeds and Estimated Net Proceeds 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
The proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used 
by the Issuer [for general corporate purposes] 
[and/or] / [specify green bond use of proceeds] / 
[specify other]] 
 
Estimated Net Proceeds: 
[•] 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – Yield 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
 
6 
Operational Information 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[●] 
 
FISN: 
[●] 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]

--- Page 92 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of 
a temporary or permanent Global Note or one or more certificates in respect of each Tranche and 
that the listing of the Programme in respect of the Notes will be granted on or about 19 March 
2021. Application has been made for the relevant Notes to be traded on Euronext Dublin. Prior to 
official listing and admission to trading, however, dealings will be permitted by Euronext Dublin 
in accordance with its rules. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Finland in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. The establishment of the Programme was 
authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Fingrid passed on 1 April 1998, and the 
update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Fingrid passed 
on 5 March 2021. 
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer 
or the Group, and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2020. 
(4) 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of 
this document, which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
(5) 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the 
following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to 
limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 
165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of the United States”. 
(6) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
systems. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and 
(where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series 
of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address 
of any alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(7) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the 
relevant Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. 
(8) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will be available for inspection at https://www.fingrid.fi/en: 
(i) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the Global Certificates, the 
definitive Bearer Notes, the Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(iii) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer (together with an English translation thereof); 
(iv) 
the published annual review and financial statements of the Issuer for the two financial 
years most recently ended together with any subsequent interim statements; 
(v) 
each Final Terms; and 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
further Base Prospectus. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus is also available at Euronext Dublin’s website (http://www.ise.ie).

--- Page 93 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
The English translation of the constitutive documents and the financial statements of the Issuer is 
an accurate, complete and direct translation of the original Finnish text. In the event of any 
discrepancy between the English translation and the Finnish version thereof, the Finnish version 
shall prevail. 
(9) 
Copies of the latest annual report and consolidated financial statements and any interim 
consolidated financial statements of Fingrid and copies of the Trust Deed will be available for 
inspection at, the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so 
long as any of the Notes is outstanding. 
(10) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy have: 
(i) 
audited, and rendered an unqualified audit report on, the consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2019 (auditor in charge Heikki Lassila (who 
is a member of the Finnish Association of Auditors)); and 
(ii) 
audited, and rendered an unqualified audit report on, the consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 (auditor in charge Heikki Lassila (who 
is a member of the Finnish Association of Auditors)). 
(11) 
In respect of any Fixed Rate Notes, any indication of yield specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is calculated at the relevant Issue Date on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. It is not an indication 
of future yield. 
(12) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, 
and/or its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
(13) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 7437006ZZI1F7CUA5518. 
(14) 
The Issuer’s website is http://www.fingrid.fi. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
(15) 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer 
in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Market or to trading 
on the Market.

--- Page 94 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Fingrid Oyj 
Läkkisepäntie 21 
00620 Helsinki 
Finland 
ARRANGER 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
OP Corporate Bank plc 
Gebhardinaukio 1 
P.O. Box 308 
FIN-00510 
Helsinki 
Finland 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden 
TRUSTEE 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
PAYING AGENT 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Citibank Europe plc, Ireland 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1

--- Page 95 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
Germany 
Ireland 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy 
Itämerentori 2 
FIN-00180 Helsinki 
Finland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Finnish law 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
White & Case LLP 
Aleksanterinkatu 44, 
00100 Helsinki, 
Finland 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank 
Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
To the Issuer as to English law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street  
London EC2N 1 DW  
United  
Kingdom   
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland