--- Page 1 ---
4161-1027-2559.7 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
Finlombarda S.p.A.  
with a sole shareholder 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
€500,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Finlombarda S.p.A. with a 
sole shareholder (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed €500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the 
Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each 
a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these 
risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer.  Application has been made to 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted 
to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the EEA). This Base Prospectus will expire on 23 November 2022. The obligation to

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation  only applies to Notes which are to 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or (3)/2 of the Prospectus Regulation.   
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be 
filed with the CSSF.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or 
for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer has been assigned long-term foreign and local currency issuer default ratings (IDRs) of “BBB-” 
and a short-term foreign currency IDR of “F3” by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited – Sede Secondaria Italiana 
(Fitch). The Programme has been rated “BBB-” by Fitch.  
Fitch is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation). As such, Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred 
to above.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by Fitch.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as 
administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).  
Arranger 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo  
Dealer  
 
 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 23 November 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken 
all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
In respect of information in this Base Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.   
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the 
Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  No Dealer 
accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an 
offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to 
purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their 
attention.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including, without limitation, the 
Republic of Italy and France), the United Kingdom and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale". 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Suitability of Investment 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each 
potential investor should consult its legal and tax advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal and

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
tax advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND CERTAIN OTHER INFORMATION  
Presentation of Financial Information 
The consolidated financial information of the Issuer's group (the Group) as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019 included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the corresponding period. Such consolidated 
financial statements are incorporated by reference herein (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and 
have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the 
International Accounting Standard Board (IASB) and approved by the European Union. IFRS means all the 
revised international accounting standards (IAS) and all the interpretations of the International Financial 
Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC), formerly known as the Standing Interpretations Committee 
(SIC). 
The accounting principles applied in preparing the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 are the same as those used to prepare the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
Such financial statements have been prepared to give a full and fair view of the Group, and they have not been 
prepared for the purpose of reporting separately on any entity of such Group. 
Investors should refer to the consolidated financial statements which are incorporated by reference herein (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference") to inform themselves regarding the purposes, and the manner of 
preparation, of such consolidated financial statements. 
Scope of consolidation 
No changes have taken place in the consolidation scope for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 compared to the corresponding period of the previous years. 
Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section 
of this Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings 
defined below. 
Presentation of Other Information 
In this Base Prospectus: 
• 
all references to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
• 
all references to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended; 
• 
certain figures have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown for the same 
category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables 
may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them;

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
• 
certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order 
that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Indebtedness limits 
The issue of Notes by the Issuer shall comply with the applicable indebtedness limits provided for by the 
Italian legal framework in force from time to time.  
As a financial intermediary enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of the 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended from time to time,(Consolidated 
Banking Act), the Issuer shall comply with the following relevant indebtedness limits: 
• 
double the sum of share capital, legal reserve and other available reserves, as resulting from the last 
approved annual financial statements, in the case of non-listed debt instruments; 
• 
five times the sum of share capital, legal reserve and other available reserves, as resulting from the last 
approved annual financial statements, in the case of debt instruments listed on regulated markets or on 
multilateral trading facilities. 
In calculating the above mentioned limits, the amounts relating to any guarantee provided by the Issuer in 
relation to notes or other debt instruments issued by other companies (including foreign ones) shall also be 
considered. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements, including (without limitation) 
statements identified by the use of terminology such as "anticipates", "believes", "estimates", 
"expects", "intends", "may", "plans", "projects", "will", "would" or similar words. These statements, 
if any, are based on the Issuer’s current expectations and projections about future events and involve 
substantial uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, contained herein 
regarding the Issuer’s strategy, goals, plans, future financial position, projected revenues and costs or 
prospects are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and 
uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. Future events or actual results could 
differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by or underlying forward-looking statements. 
The Issuer does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking 
statements.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 10 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................. 21 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 26 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 28 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 30 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 43 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 74 
Description of the Issuer .................................................................................................................................. 75 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................ 88 
Subscription and Sale ....................................................................................................................................... 97 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 102 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However stabilisation action may 
not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due.  It is not possible to identify all 
such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a 
result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus 
a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due 
under the Notes.  Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in 
a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or 
in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by 
the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate, 
and any of these risks could also have a negative effect on the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under 
the Notes.  Furthermore, the order in which the risk factors are presented below is not intended to be indicative 
either of the relative likelihood that each risk will materialize or of the magnitude of their potential impact on 
the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider the risk factors associated with 
any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and the industry(ies) in which it operates and read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including any document incorporated by 
reference, and reach their own views, based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such financial, 
legal, tax and other professional advisers as they deem necessary, prior to making any investment decisions. 
Words and expressions defined in "Forms of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this section.  
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Risks relating to the Issuer 
 
1. 
Risk related to macro-economic conditions 
Risks arising from the Italian sovereign debt crisis 
The Issuer is affected by disruptions and volatility in the Italian financial market, including, in recent years, 
the sovereign debt crisis in Italy.  
The sovereign debt crisis has raised concerns about the long-term sustainability of the European Monetary 
Union. Persistent market tensions might negatively affect the funding costs and the economic outlook of some 
euro member countries, including Italy. In particular, the Issuer's credit ratings are exposed to the risk of 
reductions in the sovereign credit rating of Italy. On the basis of the methodologies used by rating agencies, 
further downgrades of Italy's credit rating have had, and may continue to have, a "knock-on effect" on the 
credit rating of Italian issuers such as the Issuer, causing the credit rating of Notes issued under the Programme 
to be downgraded, with a consequent increase in funding costs.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
In addition, market tension has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse impact on the Issuer's clients, 
with potentially negative implications for the Issuer's business, financial condition and profitability. Lingering 
market tensions may hamper the recovery of Italy and the tightening fiscal policy in said country could weigh 
on the disposable income of Italian households and on company profits, with further adverse consequences for 
the Issuer's business, financial position and results of operations. 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk related to earnings, which arises primarily from adverse movements of market 
parameters including, but not limited to, interest rates, bond prices, security prices, derivatives prices, foreign 
exchange rates and credit spreads. Liquidity is also an important component of market risk, as in case of limited 
or no liquidity a transferable asset may not be negotiable at its estimated value. 
The Issuer does not have a trading book but only a banking book composed of bonds held to maturity (HTC) 
or assets held for sale (HTCS). Issuer's revenues are dependent upon its ability to identify properly, and mark 
to market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by changes in market prices or interest rates. 
The Issuer's financial results also depend upon how effectively it determines and assesses the cost of credit 
and manages its own credit risk and market risk concentration.  
In some of the Issuer's businesses, protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of asset 
prices, can reduce market activity and market liquidity. These developments can lead to material losses if the 
Issuer cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely way. The value of assets that are not traded on stock 
exchanges or other public trading markets may be calculated by the Issuer using models other than publicly 
quoted prices. Monitoring the deterioration of the prices of assets like these is difficult and failure to do so 
effectively could lead to unexpected losses. In addition, protracted or steep declines in the stock or bond 
markets in Italy and elsewhere may adversely affect the sales of securities carried out by the Issuer, as well as 
the Issuer's performance of financial assets. 
 
2. 
Risk related to the business activity of the issuer 
Geographical concentration of business and dependence from Region of Lombardy 
The Issuer, as a fully owned subsidiary of the Region of Lombardy, has a strong presence in the Lombardy 
region where it plays an institutional role as "in-house provider" of the Region of Lombardy, being its main 
purpose to sustain and develop the business of micro, small and medium companies established in the region 
and/or operating within the public/private "Regional System", as defined in the Region of Lombardy Law No. 
30 of 27 December 2006. 
Accordingly, the Issuer's market is relatively limited and there is a risk of over-concentration in one single 
market (i.e. the Region of Lombardy). In addition, provided that the Issuer's loan portfolio is geographically 
narrow and is concentrated in industries that mirror the local economy, any downturn in economic conditions 
affecting the Issuer's local market and the main industries in that area may have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's financial conditions and profitability. 
Risks relating to soundness of financial institutions 
The Issuer is exposed to counterparties which operate in the financial services industry. This exposure can 
arise through trading, lending, deposit taking, clearance and settlement and many other activities and 
relationships. Many of these activities and relationships expose the Issuer to credit risk in the event of default 
of a counterparty or client.  
Strategic risk

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Strategic risk is the risk of a decline in profits or capital erosion which may be caused by changes in the 
operating environment, wrong management decisions, lack of implementation thereof or inability to adapt to 
a changing business environment. The Issuer is part of the "Regional System" set up by the Region of 
Lombardy Law No. 30 of 27 December 2006 that includes some instrumental companies which contribute to 
the achievement of government objectives of the Region of Lombardy. 
Any change in the "Regional System", even if caused by political reasons, could result in a change in the 
operating environment that the Issuer may not be able to effectively handle. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is the risk of impact on earnings or capital erosion decline due to a negative perception of 
the Issuer by customers, counterparties, shareholders, investors or supervisory authorities. 
Due to its political nature, the Region of Lombardy, sole shareholder of the Issuer, pays particular attention to 
the reputational aspects and implements specific safeguards to prevent such risk directly imposing specific 
directives to their related entities. 
Being aware of the reputational risks connected with the management of public funds and resources, the Issuer 
has identified organizational solutions and control measures to detect in a timely manner and to manage 
appropriately these kinds of risk. To this extent, the Issuer has also implemented an organization, management 
and control model pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001 and has adopted a code of 
conduct, aimed at ensuring appropriate behaviours and conducts by all its staff and stakeholders. In addition, 
the Issuer, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, has adopted a policy for the prevention of 
conflicts of interest and has appointed a Responsible for the Prevention of Corruption and Transparency. 
Any relevant failure in avoiding reputational risks may cause adverse effects to the Issuer, having negative 
impacts on its revenues. 
Risks connected with information technology 
The Issuer's business relies upon integrated information technology systems, the correct functioning and 
reliability of such systems and on its ability to protect the network infrastructure, information technology 
equipment and customer information from losses caused by technical failure, human error, natural disaster, 
sabotage, power failures and other losses of function to such systems. The loss of information regarding 
customers, or other information central to the Issuer's business, such as credit risk control, or material 
interruption in the service could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations. In addition, upgrades 
to the information technology of the Issuer either required by law or necessitated by future business growth 
may require significant investments. 
Historical Information 
The historical, financial and other information set out in the sections headed "Description of the Issuer" and 
"Business of the Issuer", as well as in the financial statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, represents the historical experience of the Issuer. There can be no assurance that the future 
experience and performance of the Issuer will be similar to the past experience described in this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
3. 
Financial risk 
Risks relating to the economic and financial crisis 
The earning capacity and the financial stability of the Issuer are affected by the global economic slowdown 
and economic crisis mainly caused by the uncertain macro-economic framework in relation to the outbreak of

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
COVID-19, by the dynamics of financial markets and, in particular, by the economic outlook of Italy (and by 
the creditworthiness of its sovereign debt), as well as that of the Eurozone as a whole. In this regard, trends in 
the followings factors are of particular significance to the Issuer: expectations and investor confidence; the 
level and volatility of interest rates in the short and long term; exchange rates; the liquidity of financial markets; 
the availability and cost of capital; the sustainability of sovereign debt; household incomes and consumer 
spending; level of unemployment, inflation and housing prices. Negative trends in relation to any of these 
factors, particularly in times of economic and financial crisis, may cause the Issuer to suffer losses, increases 
in funding costs and a diminution in the value of its assets, with a potential adverse effect on its liquidity, 
financial position and results of operations. In addition, as nearly all of the Issuer's business is concentrated in 
Italy, the financial performance of the Issuer is closely connected to the economic performance of the country, 
which in recent years has been poor. 
 
Risks relating to large exposure 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the loan portfolio is granular and mainly composed by loans to small and medium 
enterprises. As at 31 December 2020 – The Issuer's exposure to Milano Serravalle - Milano Tangenziali S.p.A. 
is equal to Euro 16 million, corresponding to 3.75% of the Issuer’s total assets.  
As at 31 December 2020, Issuers’s financial activity is purely aimed at supporting companies based in 
Lombardy and its core activity largely concentrated in the manufacturing sector, which approximately 78% of 
outstanding loan portfolio. The remaining relevant exposures are concentrated in the following sectors: 
transport and warehousing (about 7%) and wholesale and retail trade (about 6%). 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial losses relating to the failure by a borrower, guarantor, counterparty to a 
professional transaction or issuer of a debt instrument to honour its contractual obligations, due to that party's 
insolvency or lack of willingness to pay, or to events or measures taken by the political or monetary authorities 
of a particular country. The latter risk is also referred to as "country risk". 
The Issuer's business depends to a substantial degree on the creditworthiness of its customers. Notwithstanding 
the controls it carries out (including customer credit checks on a continuative basis), the Issuer faces normal 
lending risks and thus may not, for reasons beyond its control (such as fraudulent behaviours by customers) 
have access to all relevant information regarding any particular customer, their financial position or their ability 
to pay amounts owed or repay amounts borrowed. Any failure by customers to accurately report their financial 
and credit position or to comply with the terms of their agreements or other contractual provisions could have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and financial results. 
The risks arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on the credit quality of the Issuer's 
borrowers and counterparties can affect the overall credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts 
due from counterparties. 
 
Risk relating to quality of loans 
The results of the Issuer may be affected by economic and financial conditions, both locally in Italy and 
worldwide. During a recession period, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the 
Issuer's customers may default on their loans or their obligations. Interest rates rises may also have an impact 
on the demand for loan products and fluctuations in interest rates in Italy and the Eurozone may affect the 
Issuer's performance. Credit quality is affected by the current weakness of the economy and a growing number 
of borrowers could struggle to repay loans. Non-performing loans as at 31 December 2020 were equal to Euro 
1.26 million (gross Euro 7.16 million), representing a decrease with respect to Euro 1.38 million as at 31 
December 2019.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Although the Issuer monitors credit quality and manages the specific risk of each counterparty and the overall 
risk of the respective loan portfolios, there can be no assurance that such monitoring and risk management will 
suffice to keep the Issuer's exposure to credit risk at acceptable levels. Any deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of significant individual customers or counterparties, or of the performance of loans and other receivables, as 
well as inaccurate assessments of creditworthiness or country risks may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Currency risk 
The Issuer has a residual currency risk arising from the positions taken on asset management products and 
does not have any indebtedness in foreign currencies. Where the managers of asset management products will 
not be able to manage the existing currency risk or the Issuer will have to take debt in foreign currencies, 
without being able to cover the exchange rate risk in an effective way, risks regarding the redemption of the 
Notes may arise. 
 
Interest rate risk 
Fluctuations in interest rates affect the Issuer's financial performance. The results of the Issuer's operations are 
affected by the management of interest rate sensitivity. A mismatch of interest-earning assets and interest-
bearing liabilities in any given period, which tends to accompany changes in interest rates, may have a material 
effect on the Issuer's financial conditions. Rising interest rates in line with the yield curve can increase the 
Issuer's cost of funding at a higher rate than the yield on its assets, due (for instance) to a mismatch in the 
maturities of its assets and liabilities that are sensitive to interest rate changes or a mismatch in the degree of 
interest rate sensitivity of assets and liabilities with similar maturities. At the same time, decreasing interest 
rates can also reduce the yield on the Issuer's assets at a rate which may not correspond to the decrease in the 
cost of funding.  
 
Liquidity risk 
The Issuer's businesses are subject to liquidity risks which are inherent in its financial operations, and could 
affect the Issuer's ability to meet its financial obligations as they fall due or to fulfil commitments to lend. In 
order to ensure that the Issuer continues to meet its funding obligations and to maintain or grow its business 
generally, it relies on ongoing access to the wholesale lending markets and to credit lines provided by the 
European Investment Bank. The ability of the Issuer to access wholesale funding sources or to receive funds 
from the European Investment Bank on favourable economic terms is dependent on a variety of factors, some 
of which are outside of its control, such as liquidity constraints, general market conditions and confidence in 
the Italian financial system. Should the Issuer be unable to continue to source a sustainable funding profile, its 
ability to fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, or at all, could be adversely affected. 
However, the Company is adequately capitalised and complies with the minimum regulatory capital 
requirements required by supervisory regulations. As at 31 December 2020, the capital ratios are well above 
the minimum coefficients (CET1: 61.00%; Tier1: 61.00%; Total capital: 61.00%). For further details, please 
also refer to the section entitled “Capital Adequacy” in the “Description of the Issuer”. 
 
4. 
Risks related to the legal framework and legal proceedings 
Risk of Changes in Regulation and Legislation 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated environment pursuant to regulations, directives and laws issued by 
the European Union, the Republic of Italy, European and Italian supervisory authorities, all of which impact 
on the Issuer's operations, cash flows, results and financial stability. 
It is impossible to predict the effect that any future changes to European Union and Italian laws and regulations 
may have on the Issuer's business. There can be no assurance that the operations and the financial position of

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
the Issuer and its ability to meet its obligations under the Notes will not be affected by the introduction of new 
laws (including tax laws) and regulations or changes in the interpretation of existing laws and regulations.  
Risk connected to legal proceedings 
The Issuer may be involved in legal claims and procedures in the ordinary course of its business, including, 
without limitation, disputes and civil, administrative, tax and regulatory proceedings, as well as some criminal 
and arbitral proceedings. Despite the fact that, where appropriate, reserves have been set aside on the basis of 
prudential standards, a negative outcome which exceeds expectations for such proceedings may not be fully 
covered by such reserves, with consequent possible negative effects on the financial condition or profitability 
of the Issuer. Furthermore, adverse outcome might derive to the Issuer (and in turn to its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes) from any legal claims and procedures into which the Issuer might be involved in 
the future. 
Operational risk 
Operational risks are defined as the risk of sustaining losses as a result of the inadequacy or malfunctioning of 
the Issuer's internal processes, human resources or systems, or those caused by external events. This category 
does not include strategic risks or risks concerning the Issuer's image, but does include legal risks, i.e. risks 
deriving from breach of or non-compliance with legislation or regulations, or to the lack of transparency 
relative to the legal rights and obligations of the counterparties in a transaction. Among other things, these 
risks include exposure to fines or penalties in relation to actions taken by the supervisory bodies or in private 
transactions. 
The Issuer, like all financial institutions, is exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk of 
fraud by employees and outsiders, lack of compliance with legal provisions, risks connected to the 
management of public funds, unauthorised transactions by employees or operational errors, including errors 
resulting from faulty information technology or telecommunication systems. The Issuer's systems are designed 
to ensure that the operational risks associated with the Issuer's activities are appropriately monitored. The 
Issuer has a system of regulations, policies and procedures – periodically updated – to ensure operational 
continuity and qualitative appropriateness of the activities carried out in each organizational unit, including an 
agreement with the Region of Lombardy which sets forth the procedures for administrative, financial, 
operational and accountability controls concerning the management of public funds. Any failure or weakness 
in these systems, however, could adversely affect the Issuers financial performance and business activities. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes (but is not intended to be an 
exhaustive description): 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes.  During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
In addition, with respect to Condition 6.4 (Clean-Up Call)), there is no obligation under the Condition for the 
Issuer to inform investors if and when 20 per cent. or less of the initial aggregate principal amount of a 
particular Series of Notes remains outstanding, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that 
immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up Call, the Notes may 
have been trading significantly above their Clean-Up Call Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest rate basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks"   
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the euro interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes 
referencing such a benchmark.   
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators 
that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and 
the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-
UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing the relevant benchmarks, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the relevant benchmarks are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published 
consultations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks:  (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, the relevant benchmarks. 
The Terms and Conditions of Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer and that 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. The IBA announcement and FCA 
announcement referred to above each constitutes such a Benchmark Event. This will have triggered certain of 
the fallback arrangements although, the consequences of such fallbacks being triggered may not be 
immediately effective under the Terms and Conditions. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate 
of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  In 
addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.  
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions 
of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests 
generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in applicable law or administrative practice. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, save that 
provisions convening meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholders’ Representative in 
respect of any Series of Notes are subject to compliance with mandatory provisions of Italian law.  No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law and/or Italian 
law (where applicable) or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change 
could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet 
the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.   
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Notes issued under the Programme 
may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange or 
quotation system (each, a listing), as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Such Notes may subsequently be 
delisted despite the best efforts of the Issuer to maintain such listing and, although no assurance is made as to 
the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, any delisting of the Notes may have a material effect on a 
Noteholder’s ability to resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding.  In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
The exercise of a put option by Noteholders following a Change of Control may adversely affect the Issuer’s 
financial position 
Upon the occurrence of certain change of control events relating to the Issuer, as set out in Condition 6.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put/Relevant Event Put)), under certain circumstances 
the Noteholders will have the right to require the Issuer to redeem such Notes at their Optional Redemption 
Amount. However, it is possible that the Issuer will not have sufficient funds at the time of the change of 
control to make the required redemption of Notes. If there are not sufficient funds for the redemption, 
Noteholders may receive less than the Optional Redemption Amount of the Notes if they elect to exercise such 
right. Furthermore, if such provisions were exercised by the Noteholders, this might adversely affect the 
Issuer’s financial position.   
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes.  The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.   
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period 
of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-
2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term foreign and local currency IDR is “BBB-” (positive 
outlook) and the short-term foreign-currency IDR is “F3” by Fitch.  
The Issuer's future ability to access capital markets, other financing instruments and related costs may depend, 
inter alia, on the credit rating assigned to Finlombarda.  Accordingly, a downgrade of Finlombarda's rating by 
Fitch may increase costs of funding and/or refinancing of debt or even jeopardise further issuances.  The prices 
of the existing bonds may deteriorate following a downgrade.  Furthermore, in light of the connection to the 
Region of Lombardy, it cannot be excluded that a downgrade of the Region of Lombardy’s rating may impact 
on the Issuer’s rating. 
Potential conflicts of interest with the Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including where a 
Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that such 
Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders 
during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a 
form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus, if appropriate, or a drawdown prospectus or a new base prospectus will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Finlombarda S.p.A. with a sole shareholder 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
8156004644676C8E5236  
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure 
of particular Series of Notes and certain market risks.  All of 
these are set out under "Risk Factors" below. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.  
Dealers:  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) unless they are issued 
to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
"Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time.  The Issuer may from time to time 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in, subject to any applicable legal 
or regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency.   
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form 
of the Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating 
either the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
(ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series) or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest.   
 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use it reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 4.4(b) (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate)) and, in either case an Adjustment Spread if 
any (in accordance with Condition 4.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments)).  
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders 
or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see 
"Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one 
year" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Relevant Event Put: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that, upon the 
occurrence of a Put Event (as described below), Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Noteholders upon giving notice 
to the Issuer on a date or dates specified prior to their stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A Put Event will be deemed to have occurred if a Change of 
Control (the Relevant Event, as described in Condition 6.4) 
occurs. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction, subject to certain exceptions as provided 
in Condition 7 (Taxation). In the event that any such deduction 
is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances 
provided in Condition 7 (Taxation), be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted.  
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative 
Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari 
passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if 
any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Rating:  
The Programme has been rated “BBB-” by Fitch. Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed 
in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating assigned to the Programme.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Listing, Approval, Admission to 
trading to : 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus.  Application has also been 
made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, 
if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 15 
(Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications and Waivers) and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement concerning the meetings 
of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholders' 
Representative in respect of the Notes are subject to 
compliance with the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including, without limitation, 
France, Belgium and the Republic of Italy), the United 
Kingdom, and Japan and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF shall be 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 
December 
2020 
of 
the 
Issuer, 
available 
at 
https://www.finlombarda.it/c/document_library/get_file?uuid=9e74c4c6-eeed-446b-a8a3-
c3f8b7e29534&groupId=1004759, including the information set out at the following pages in 
particular: 
 
Balance 
sheet
 ....................................................................................................  
36 
Income 
Statement
 ....................................................................................................  
37 
Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income
 ....................................................................................................  
 
Statement 
of 
changes 
in 
shareholders’ 
equity
 ....................................................................................................  
 
Cash 
flow 
statement
 ....................................................................................................  
 
Explanatory 
Notes
 ....................................................................................................  
38 
 
39 
 
41 
 
42 
Independent 
auditor’s 
report
 ....................................................................................................  
165 of the pdf document 
(b) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 
December 
2019 
of 
the 
Issuer, 
available 
at 
https://www.finlombarda.it/c/document_library/get_file?uuid=1e27f1d9-b162-4157-95df-
260a0b224290&groupId=1004759, including the information set out at the following pages in 
particular: 
 
Balance 
sheet
 ....................................................................................................  
32

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Income 
Statement
 ....................................................................................................  
33 
Statement 
of 
comprehensive 
income
 ....................................................................................................  
 
Statement 
of 
changes 
in 
shareholders’ 
equity
 ....................................................................................................  
 
Cash 
flow 
statement
 ....................................................................................................  
 
 
Explanatory 
Notes
 ....................................................................................................  
34 
 
35 
 
37 
 
38 
Independent 
auditor’s 
report
 ....................................................................................................  
287 of the pdf document 
 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts no listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.   
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, 
be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer and have been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, in either 
case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein 
either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) for definitive Notes of the same 
Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), 
in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has 
already been given.  The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of 
interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form)without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default 
(as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available.  The Issuer 
will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) if an Exchange Event 
occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the 
Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of 
the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and 
form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default).  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes 
and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note 
then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 23 November 
2021 and executed by the Issuer.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which have a 
denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or more issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive) 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA42. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be "Applicable". 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be 
prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[Date] 
Finlombarda S.p.A. with a sole shareholder 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 8156004644676C8E5236 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 23 November 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus).  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information.  The Base Prospectus has been published on [issuer's /financial Intermediaries'/regulated 
market's/competent authority's] website.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue 
date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date/the date that 
is 40 days after the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 22 below, 
which is expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ]

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note 
- 
where 
multiple 
denominations 
above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest in 
global form see Conditions): 
 
[      ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.)  
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR] +/- [  ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [         ] per cent. of their nominal amount

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 below 
and identify there][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[             ] [and [             ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[          ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ]

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/[specify other]] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[          ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
 [[    ] month [EURIBOR] 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
 
 
(in the case of euro  EURIBOR): [the second day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately)  
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[          ] 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ]/[         ] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
• 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period)

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
 
(See Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
6.2 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption 
for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount  
[[          ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount]/[Make-whole 
Amount] 
 
(if Make-Whole Amount is selected, include the 
following items of this subparagraph) 
• 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond]

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
• 
Reference Dealers: 
[Insert applicable Reference Dealers] 
• 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, all the parties are 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent. All the parties are also advised that any 
issues that may cause eligibility issues should be 
brought to the clearing systems attention prior to 
issuance of the drawdown.) 
18. 
Clean-Up Call (Condition 6.4): 
(a)        Notice Periods: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum period: [      ] days 
Maximum period: [      ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
b) Clean – Up Call Redemption Amount:  
 
[            ] per Calculation Amount 
19.        Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[          ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, all the parties is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent. All the parties are also advised that any 
issues that may cause eligibility issues should be 
brought to the clearing systems attention prior to 
issuance of the drawdown.) 
19. 
Relevant Event Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[        ] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]." Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which is to 
be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.)

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(b) 
[New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]]  
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/insert relevant financial centre] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraphs 14(c) relates) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made.  In such event, on and after the Interest Payment 
Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon comprised in the 
Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet.  Each Talon shall be deemed to mature in the 
Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in the relevant Coupon sheet matures.]/[No] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information related to the securities] has been extracted from [specify source].  The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Finlombarda S.p.A. with a sole shareholder: 
By: 
 ..............................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and listing on the Official List of Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [         ].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listing 
on the Official List of Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
with effect from [        ].] 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already committed to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[          ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated [insert details] by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies) and associated defined terms].  
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As 
such each of [defined terms] is included in the list of 
credit ratings agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with such Regulation.] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflicting interest, that is material to 
the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save for the fees payable [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or lending and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business[, in particular, 
[the/certain of the Managers/Dealers], have granted loans to the Issuer and/or certain affiliates of 
the Issuer, as the case may be, and part of the proceeds from the issue of the Notes may be used by 
the Issuer to repay such loans]"]/ [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) Reasons for the offer:  
 
 
 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds:  
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus/Give 
Details] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in the Base 
Prospectus –if reasons for offer different from what is 
disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details) 
[     ] 
Indication of yield: 
[    ] 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/replicate other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be 
obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters/Bloomberg/ give details nof electronic means of 
obtaining the details of performance]. 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[    ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s), 
number(s) 
and 
address(es)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[    ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): [Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]]

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii)     Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
investors:  
 
 
 
 
(ix)   Prohibition of Sales to Belgian   
Consumers:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be attached into each Global Note (as 
defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if 
not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms 
and Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes shall complete the following 
Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be 
made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of 
such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Finlombarda S.p.A. with a sole shareholder 
(the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 
23 November 2021 and made between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent) and the 
other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions).  References 
to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
23 November 2021 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder 
following their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the Issuer and provision of proof of holding and 
identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be). If the Notes are 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final 
Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies 
thereof are available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and of the Agent and copies may be 
obtained from those offices.  
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer, and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in 
the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying 
Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to 
the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly.   
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES  
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to 
time outstanding. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
3.1 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding the Issuer will not, and the Issuer will procure that 
none of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default)) will, create or have 
outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge, garanzia reale under Italian law or other security 
interest having a similar effect (each a Security Interest) upon, or with respect to, any of the present 
or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the Issuer and/or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), except for 
Permitted Encumbrances (as defined in Condition 9.2(Definitions)) unless the Issuer, in the case of 
the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes 
any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes and the Coupons are secured by the Security Interest 
equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a 
Security Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
below) of the Noteholders.  
3.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Extraordinary Resolution means: (i) a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly 
convened in accordance with paragraph 8 of Schedule 5 of the Agency Agreement and otherwise held 
in accordance with mandatory provisions of Italian laws and the Issuer’s By-Laws; or (ii) a resolution 
in writing signed by or on behalf of all of the Noteholders, which resolution may be contained in one 
document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders. 
Relevant Indebtedness means: (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, 
loan stock or other securities which are for the time being or are capable of being quoted, listed or 
ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market and (ii) any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form,  except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.  
The resultant figure (including after the application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.   
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.  
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2 - (a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the specified 
Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version 
of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(I) 
the offered quotation; or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Relevant Financial Centre time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the specified Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subclause (I) above, 
no offered quotation appears or, in the case of subclause (II) above, fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which 
the Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated 
to (and at the request of the Issuer) the Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would 
have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Agent 
it is quoting to leading banks the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period).In the Conditions: 
Reference Banks means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Issuer; 
Relevant Screen Page shall have the meaning given to this term in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR) or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero.  
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period.   
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest 
Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable,  shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert,  determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later 
than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).  
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 by the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
4.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 4.4 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint  an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.4(b) (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with 
Condition 4.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments)) shall apply. 
In making such determination, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
4.4(a) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in 
consultation with the Issuer.  In the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4.4. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4.4(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period.  If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the initial Rate of Interest.  Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, this Condition 4.4(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.4(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided 
in Condition 4.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4.4); or 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(c) (Adjustment Spread) subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 4.4). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of Condition 4 (Interest), if in the opinion of the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, there is any uncertainty between two or more 
alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under Condition 4 
(Interest), the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall promptly notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in writing 
as to which alternative course of action to adopt.  If the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, is not promptly provided with such direction it shall notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall be under no obligation to make such 
calculation or determination. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4.4 and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of 
the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.5(d), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.4 will be notified promptly (but 
in any event no later than the relevant Interest Determination Date) by the Issuer to the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, and each Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4.4(a) (Independent 
Adviser) to Condition 4.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2(b)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating rate Notes) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.4: 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the 
Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); or 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) 
is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes and with an interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.4(d); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication 
of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
specified date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will 
be prohibited from being used, either generally or in respect of the Notes, in 
each case within the following six months; or  
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes, in each case within 
the following six months; or  
(f) 
it has become unlawful for the Agents, the Issuer or other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate. 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (b) to (e) above, the Benchmark Event shall 
occur on:  
(A) 
in the case of (b) above, the date of the cessation of the publication of the 
Original Reference Rate;  
(B)  
in the case of (c) above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate;  
(C) 
in the case of (d) above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate is 
prohibited from being used; or 
(D) 
in the case of (e) above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate is 
deemed no longer to be representative or become subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences; 
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date of 
the relevant public statement coincides with the relevant date in (A), (B), (C) or (D) 
above, as applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Agents shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire 
whether a Benchmark Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate experience in the international debt capital 
markets appointed by the Issuer under Condition 4.4(a) (Independent Adviser); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (C) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (D) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
4.5  
Change of Interest Basis  
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest payable 
in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.1 or Condition 4.2, each 
applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and save as 
provided in Condition 5.4 below) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for 
payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 8 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof.  A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which 
on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest 
payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(iii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7 
(Taxation). 
Early Redemption Amount has the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 6.7. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, which 
will be at least at par, in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note 
is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 7 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on 
which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by a 
Director of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment and the Agent shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding 
on the holders of Notes or Coupons.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.7 (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption Amounts) below together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. The Early Redemption 
Amount will be at least at par. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in 
each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if a Make-Whole Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount equal to the higher of (as determined by the Issuer): 
(a) 
100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
as calculated by any of the Reference Dealers (as defined below) or any international credit 
institution or financial services institution or any other competent entity of recognised 
standing with appropriate expertise to be appointed by the Issuer, the sum of the then current 
values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest to maturity (not 
including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date) 
discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number 
of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Bond 
Rate (as defined below) plus the specified Redemption Margin, 
plus, in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
As used in this Condition 6.3: 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional Redemption 
Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference 
Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement 
of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third business day in London preceding the 
Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers; and 
 “Reference Dealers” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6.3 by the Agent, shall (in the absence 
of negligence, wilful default or fraud) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection 
Date).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
6.4 
Clean-Up Call 
6.5 
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 20 
per cent. or less of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes (including any 
Notes issued pursuant to Condition 15 (Further Issues)) remains outstanding (other than as a result of 
the Issuer exercising an Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Call)) at an Optional Redemption Amount that is higher than the Clean-Up Call Redemption 
Amount), the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem 
all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes in that Series at their Clean-Up Call Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption. 
6.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put/Relevant Event Put) 
This Condition 6.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholders, such option being referred to as an Investor Put or a Relevant Event Put, 
as the case may be.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put or 
Relevant Event Put, as the case may be, and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.5 for 
full information on any Investor Put or Relevant Event Put, as the case may be.  In particular the 
applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption 
Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If:  
(a) 
Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, upon the expiry of such notice; and/or 
(b) 
Relevant Event Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Put 
Event (as defined below) has occurred, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) during the period ending on the 60th day following 
the public announcement of the relevant Put Event (the Relevant Notice Period),  
the Issuer will, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.   
The Optional Redemption Amount will be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes 
stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the applicable notice period/Relevant Notice Period, a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition and the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, 
be held to its order or under its control.  If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive 
form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the applicable notice period/Relevant 
Notice Period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the 
case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice (as referred to above) or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 
6.4 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer 
to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6.4 and instead to declare such Note forthwith 
due and payable pursuant to Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
For the purposes of Condition 6.6(b) above, a Put Event shall be deemed to occur if a Change of 
Control occurs (the Relevant Event).  
A Change of Control means the occurrence of any circumstance as a result of which the Reference 
Shareholder ceases to have the power, either directly or indirectly through one or more intermediate 
persons controlled by it, to (i) cast or control the casting of more than one half of the votes capable of 
being cast at an ordinary and extraordinary meeting of the Issuer’s shareholders; or (ii) appoint the 
majority of the directors of the Issuer.  
Reference Shareholder means the Region Lombardia. 
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 above and Condition 9 (Events of Default): 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount;  
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
(
)y
AY
1
 
 
RP
 
Amount 
 
Redemption
Early 
+
×
=

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 365). 
6.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Where permitted by applicable law and regulation, all 
Notes purchased pursuant to Condition 6.9 may be cancelled or held, reissued or resold at the 
discretion of the relevant purchaser. 
6.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.8 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
6.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided 
in Condition 9 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.7(b) 
above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
7. 
TAXATION  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons 
after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon:  
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder which is liable for such taxes in respect of 
such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other 
than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such 30th day assuming that day was to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5 (Payment Day)); or  
(c) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by making a declaration or any other statement including, but not 
limited to, a declaration of residence or non-residence, but fails to do so; or  
(d) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest or other proceeds of any Notes or 
Coupons on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 
1 April 1996 and any related implementing regulations (each as amended or supplemented 
from time to time);  
(e) 
not qualifying as bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) for Italian tax purposes where such withholding or deduction is required to be 
made pursuant to Law Decree 30 September 1983, No. 512 converted into law with 
amendments by Law 25 November 1983, No. 649; or  
(f) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts are paid to a non-Italian resident legal 
entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow 
for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy.  
As used herein:  
(a) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which the Issuer become subject in 
respect of payments made by it of principal and interest on the Notes and Coupons; and  
(b) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices). 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 (Payments 
– Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 5.2 (Payments – Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
9.1 
Events of Default  
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 45 
days following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be 
remedied; or 
(c) 
if (i) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (as defined below) of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary (as defined below) becomes, or becomes capable of being declared, due and 
repayable prior to its stated maturity by reason of an event of default (however described) and 
otherwise than at the option of the Issuer; or (ii) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to 
make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for 
payment and any such failure is not cured within any originally applicable grace period; or 
(iii) any security given by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary for any Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in 
relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any person, provided that no such events 
under (i) to (iv) above shall constitute an Event of Default if the aggregate Indebtedness for 
Borrowed Money relating to all such events which shall have occurred and be continuing and, 
in the case of (iii) only the amount recovered or sought to be recovered, shall amount to less 
than €2,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (otherwise than for the purpose of 
a Permitted Reorganisation (as defined below)), save for the purposes of reorganisation on 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(e) 
if the Issuer any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or publicly announces to cease to carry on 
the whole or a substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of Permitted 
Reorganisation (as defined below), or the Issuer (A) or any of its Material Subsidiaries stops 
or announces that it shall stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts 
(or any class of its debts) as they fall due or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or 
for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or  
(f) 
if (A) judicial proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
under any applicable liquidation (liquidazione coatta), insolvency (fallimento), composition 
(concordato preventivo), reorganisation (amministrazione straordinaria) or other similar 
laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) by any competent court for 
the appointment of an administrative or other receiver (curatore), manager, administrator 
(commissario straordinario o liquidatore) or other similar official in insolvency proceedings, 
or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official in 
insolvency proceedings is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of any 
of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or any part of the undertaking or 
assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is 
levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any part of the undertaking 
or assets of any of them and (B) in any such case (other than the appointment of an 
administrator or an administrative receiver appointed following presentation of a petition for 
an administration order) unless initiated by the relevant company, is not discharged within 60 
days; or

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(g) 
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (or their respective directors or shareholders)  
initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a 
moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or 
any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its 
creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or 
(h) 
if it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes or any such obligations cease or will cease to be legal, valid, 
binding and enforceable; or 
(i) 
if any event occurs which, under the laws of the Republic of Italy, has an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due 
and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
9.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts) for or in respect of (a) money borrowed, (b) liabilities under or in respect of 
any loan, acceptance or acceptance credit, (c) any note, bond, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock 
or other security issued, offered or distributed whether by way of public offer, private placing, 
acquisition consideration or otherwise and whether issued for cash or in whole or part for a 
consideration other than cash; 
Material Subsidiary means at any time any fully consolidated Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total revenues (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries, 
and without taking into account intra-group revenues) or whose total assets (consolidated in 
the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent in each case not less than 10 
per cent. of the consolidated total revenues of the Issuer or, as the case may be, consolidated 
total assets, of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively 
by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary,  
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. 
A certificate signed by one Director of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or  
is not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Material Subsidiary, 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties; 
Permitted Encumbrances means:

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
a) any Security arising pursuant to any mandatory provision of law other than as a result of any 
action taken by the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary; or 
b) any Security in existence as at the date of issuance of the Notes, including any extension, 
renewal or replacement (or successive extensions, renewals or replacements), as a whole or in 
part, of any Security referred to in this paragraph, or of any Relevant Indebtedness secured 
thereby; provided that the principal amount of Relevant Indebtedness secured thereby shall 
not exceed the principal amount of Relevant Indebtedness so secured at the time of such 
extension, renewal or replacement, and that such extension, renewal or replacement Security 
shall be limited to all or any part of the same property or shares of stock that secured the 
Relevant Indebtedness extended, renewed or replaced (plus improvements on such property), 
or property received or shares of stock issued in substitution or exchange therefor; or 
c) in the case of any entity which becomes a Material Subsidiary or is merged, consolidated or 
amalgamated into a Material Subsidiary or the Issuer after the date of issuance of the Notes, 
any Security existing over such entity’s assets at the time it becomes (or is merged, 
consolidated or amalgamated into) such member of the Group, provided that the Security was 
not created in contemplation of, or in connection with, its becoming (or being merged, 
consolidated or amalgamated into) such member of the Group and provided further that the 
amounts secured have not been increased in contemplation of, or in connection with, its 
becoming (or is merged, consolidated or amalgamated into) such member of the Group; or 
d) any Security which is created in connection with, or pursuant to, a limited recourse financing, 
factoring, securitisation, asset backed commercial paper programme or other like arrangement 
where the payment obligations in respect of the Relevant Indebtedness secured by the relevant 
Security are to be discharged solely from the revenues generated by the assets over which 
such Security is created (including, without limitation, receivables);  
Permitted Reorganisation means any solvent amalgamation, merger, demerger or reconstruction 
involving the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary and in which the Issuer or, as the case may be, such 
Material Subsidiary, is the continuing entity under which the assets and liabilities of the Issuer or the 
relevant Material Subsidiary are assumed by the entity resulting from such amalgamation, merger, 
demerger or reconstruction and, where the same involves the Issuer, such entity assumes the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, and an opinion of an independent legal adviser of 
recognised standing in the Republic of Italy has been delivered to the Agent confirming the same prior 
to the effective date of such amalgamation, merger or reconstruction;  
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Subsidiary means, in relation to any Person (the First Person) at any particular time, any other Person 
(the Second Person): 
(a) 
whose majority of votes in ordinary shareholders' meetings of the Second Person is held by 
the First Person; or 
(b) 
in which the First Person holds a sufficient number of votes giving the First Person a dominant 
influence in ordinary shareholders' meetings of the Second Person; or 
(c) 
which is under the dominant influence of the First Person by virtue of certain contractual 
relationships between the First Person and the Second Person;  
and

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(where the First Person is the Issuer or another Italian entity) as provided by Article 2359 of the Italian 
Civil Code.  
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may 
be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer and 
Agent may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4 (Payments – General provisions applicable to 
payments).  Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be 
given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).  
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is 
merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 8 (Prescription). 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and are listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu.  It is expected that any 
such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger 
Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in 
a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including 
publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those 
rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where 
required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any 
of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to 
the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as 
the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
common interests, including, inter alia, the modification or abrogation by Extraordinary Resolution 
of any of these Conditions. Such provisions are subject to compliance with Italian mandatory laws, 
legislation, rules and regulations as applicable to the Issuer from time to time and, where applicable 
Italian law so requires, the Issuer's By-laws, including any amendment, restatement or re-enactment 
of such laws, legislation, rules and regulations (or, where applicable, the Issuer’s By-laws) taking 
effect at any time on or after the Issue Date. 
Subject to the above: 
(i) 
any such meeting may be convened by the Board of Directors of the Issuer or the Noteholders’ 
Representative (as defined below) at their discretion and, in any event, shall be convened 
without delay upon a request in writing by Noteholder(s) holding not less than one-twentieth 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; 
(ii) 
if the Board of Directors or the Noteholders’ Representative fails to convene such a meeting 
following such request, the meeting may be convened by the board of Statutory Auditors of 
the Issuer or, in case of failure, by a decision of the competent court if the default is unjustified 
upon request by such Noteholders;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(iii) 
every such meeting shall be held at such place as provided pursuant to Article 2363, paragraph 
1, of the Italian Civil Code; 
(iv) 
such a meeting will be validly held if: 
(A) 
in the case of an initial meeting, there are one or more persons present being or 
representing Noteholders holding more than one half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of a meeting convened following adjournment of the initial meeting, there 
are one or more persons present being or representing Noteholders holding more than 
one third of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; and 
(v) 
the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting convened to vote on 
an Extraordinary Resolution will be:  
(A) 
for voting on any matter other than a modification to the Conditions of the Notes as 
provided under Article 2415, first paragraph, number 2, of the Italian Civil Code: (1) 
in the case of an initial meeting, one or more persons holding or representing more 
than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; and (2) in 
the case of a meeting convened following adjournment of the initial meeting, at least 
two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at 
the meeting; or 
(B) 
for voting on a modification to the Conditions of the Notes as provided under Article 
2415, first paragraph, number 2, of the Italian Civil Code, the higher of (1) one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than one half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes and (2) one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
represented at the meeting. 
An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any meeting of the Noteholders will be binding on all 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
(b) 
Noteholders’ Representative  
Pursuant to Articles 2415 and 2417 of the Italian Civil Code, a representative of the 
Noteholders (rappresentante comune or "Noteholders’ Representative") may be appointed, 
inter alia, to represent the interests of Noteholders, such appointment to be made by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or by an order of a competent court at the request of one or more 
Noteholders or the Issuer. Each such Noteholders’ Representative shall have the powers and 
duties set out in Article 2418 of the Italian Civil Code. 
(c) 
Modification 
The Notes (including these Conditions) may be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the 
Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, to modify any provision thereof in order to comply 
with mandatory laws, legislation, rules and regulations of the Republic of Italy applicable to

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 4.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall 
not require the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the issue price, the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Coupons and any non contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the 
Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.  
Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modification) and the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement concerning the meetings of Noteholders and the appointment of a Noteholder's 
Representative in respect of the Notes are subject to compliance with the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(A)  
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, and/or the 
Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them (a Dispute) and accordingly 
each of the Issuer and any Noteholders, or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits 
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.  
(B) 
For the purposes of this Condition 17.2, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Laurentia Financial Services Limited or, if different, its registered office for the 
time being as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation 
to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of Laurentia Financial Services Limited being unable or 
unwilling for any reason so to act or ceasing to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will 
promptly appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Dispute. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general funding purposes.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
"Finlombarda – Finanziaria per lo Sviluppo della Lombardia Società per Azioni" or, briefly, "Finlombarda 
S.p.A." (the "Issuer") is a company limited by shares (società per azioni) with a sole shareholder incorporated 
and operating under the laws of Italy and under its by-laws (statuto). 
The Issuer was incorporated on 15 October 1971 under the corporate name of Finlombarda S.p.A. and, 
pursuant to Article 3 of its by-laws, shall expire on 31 December 2050. 
The registered office of the Issuer is at Via Torquato Taramelli, 12, 20124, Milan (MI), Italy, its fax number 
is+39 02.780.819, its telephone number is +39 02.607.441 and its website is at https://www.finlombarda.it3. 
The Issuer is registered in the Milan Companies Register with No. 01445100157 and enrolled under number 
124 with the register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Given its role as "in-house provider" of the Region of Lombardy (Regione Lombardia) in the context of the 
"Regional System" (Sistema regionale) (SIREG) as defined pursuant to Article 1 of Region of Lombardy Law 
No. 30 of 27 December 2006, the corporate purpose of the Issuer is mainly supporting – in compliance with 
Articles 117 and 118 of the Italian Constitution, Article 48 of the Statute of the Region of Lombardy and with 
all the relevant regional laws and regulations as applicable from time to time – the implementation of the 
regional economic, social and local development programmes. 
History 
The Issuer was incorporated in 1971 by some of the main public banks operating in the Region of Lombardy; 
as at that date, the participation of the Region of Lombardy in the shareholding structure of the Issuer was 
merely at the planning stage. 
In 1975 (through the Region of Lombardy Law No. 23 of 24 January 1975), the Region of Lombardy acquired 
a minority interest in the Issuer (30% stake), with the declared aim of promoting the realization of economic, 
social and territorial development programs, determined by the Region in matters referred to in Articles 117 
and 118 of the Italian Constitution. Such law also sets forth that other public-law companies and local 
authorities established in the Region of Lombardy were allowed to hold an interest in the Issuer and that the 
public participation in the shareholding structure of the Issuer should not be less than 51% of the share capital. 
In the late nineties, the Region of Lombardy acquired the majority of the Issuer's share capital, bringing its 
stake to 51%. The reasons supporting such operation, aimed at "making the company an increasingly receptive 
instrument of regional choices", are described in the Regional Government Decision (Deliberazione della 
Giunta Regionale) No. VI/1224 of 30 March 1999. The abovementioned acquisition became effective in 
October 1999 pursuant to the acquisition by the Region of Lombardy of the shares held in the Issuer by third 
parties (Regional Government Decision No. VI/45702 of 22 October 1999). Before the completion of such 
acquisition, the Issuer was authorised by the Bank of Italy to grant loans and enrolled with the register held 
pursuant to Article 107 of the Consolidated Banking Act (ante Italian Legislative Decree No. 141 of 13 August 
2010 (Decree No. 141)). Such authorisation became a precious tool for the Issuer in order to better understand 
regional needs in the financial field. 
Following the Regional Government Decision No. 19320 of 12 November 2004, the Region of Lombardy 
became the sole shareholder of the Issuer (the acquisition which became effective on December of the same 
year): through a subsequent share capital increase amounting to Euro 30 million, approved by an extraordinary 
                                                     
3 Please note that the information on the website does not form part of the prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the 
prospectus.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
shareholders' meeting held on 9 February 2005, the Region of Lombardy provided for the Issuer's 
capitalization. 
The acquisition of the entire share capital of the Issuer by the Region of Lombardy was intended to "fully 
orient the [Issuer's] choices based on their public interests [...], so that the [Issuer] can better pursue its 
mission of being the "operational arm" in the financial field of the Region of Lombardy". 
During 2005 it was further resolved to capitalize the Issuer through the Region of Lombardy Law No. 16 of 4 
November 2005 (Euro 100 million) and the Region of Lombardy Law No. 22 of 29 December 2005 (Euro 30 
million). Those increases in the share capital of the Issuer have allowed it to pursue, in a more effective way, 
its mission, through the (i) review of the incentive system of the enterprises, (ii) rationalization of financial 
instruments to realize public works, (iii) support in the regional funds management and (iv) implementation 
of financial transactions involving the region. On the basis of the aforementioned regional laws, an 
extraordinary shareholders' meeting held on 3 February 2006 resolved to increase the Issuer's share capital by 
an amount of Euro 130 million. 
During the 2011-2013 period, the Issuer was involved in some relevant incorporation operations (eg. Cestec 
S.p.A); in 2014, a new capital increase took place and, as a consequence, the Issuer's share capital reached the 
total amount of Euro 211 million. 
In 2015 the Issuer completed the sale of the energy business unit to Infrastrutture Lombarde S.p.A.; in the 
same year, the Issuer submitted an application to the Bank of Italy to be enrolled in the new register held by 
said Authority pursuant to Article 106 of the Consolidated Banking Act (post Decree No. 141). 
Since 20 December 2016, the Issuer has been enrolled under number 124 with the new register of financial 
intermediaries held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
On 30 June 2017, the Bank of Italy enrolled the Issuer on to the Register of financial Groups (Albo dei Gruppi 
Finanziari). Currently, the Finlombarda group is composed of the Issuer – i.e. the parent company – and 
Finlombarda Gestioni SGR S.p.A. 
On 19 February 2018, the Board of Directors of the Issuer approved the project for the partial demerger of the 
Issuer in favour of Lombardia Informatica S.p.A. pursuant to article 2506-bis of the Italian Civil Code (the 
“Demerger”).  
The Demerger involved the business unit relating to tax collection services, which had been performed by the 
Issuer since 2010 in accordance with an agreement entered into with the Shareholder, and which expired on 
31 March 2017. 
Share Capital 
The Issuer's authorised share capital as at 31 December 2020 was Euro 211 million, made up of 2.11 million 
ordinary shares with a par value of Euro 100.00 each. All shares have been issued and are fully paid up. 
Shareholder 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Region of Lombardy (also "Shareholder"). The Issuer is 
therefore under the coordination and management of the Shareholder pursuant to Article 2497-bis of the Italian 
Civil Code. 
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy. The regulatory framework 
governing the Issuer's activities is designed to maintain the sound and prudent management of the Issuer and, 
inter alia, limit its exposure to risk.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Shareholdings of the Issuer  
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer held the shareholdings summarised in the following table: 
 
Name 
% of participation 
FINLOMBARDA GESTIONI SGR S.P.A. 
100% 
SISTEMI DI ENERGIA S.P.A. 
11.25% 
FIUMICINO ENERGIA S.R.L. 
11.25% 
SKIAREA VALCHIAVENNA S.P.A. 
0.69% 
AGENZIA PER LA CINA S.R.L. in liquidation 
3.56% 
CENTRO TESSILE COTONIERO S.P.A. 
2.9% 
BIC LA FUCINA S.c.r.l. in liquidation 
5.26% 
CONSORZIO PER LA REINDUSTRIALIZZAZIONE AREA DI 
ARESE S.R.L. (CRAA S.R.L.) in liquidation 
15% 
Management 
The governance model adopted by the Issuer is based on the traditional separation between functions of 
management and control, respectively entrusted to the Board of Directors (Consiglio di Amministrazione) and 
to the Board of Statutory Auditors (Collegio Sindacale). 
Board of Directors 
 
Pursuant to Article 15 of the Issuer's by-laws, the Board of Directors comprises not less than three directors 
and not more than five directors appointed by the shareholders' meeting in compliance with all laws and 
regulations concerning gender equality.  
 
Directors can be re-elected and may also be removed provided that certain legal requirements are complied 
with.  
 
The Board of Directors has responsibility for the management of the Issuer and is vested with full powers for 
management and, in particular, may take all actions it deems necessary for the implementation and 
achievement of any corporate purpose, excluding only acts that Italian law or the Issuer’s by-laws reserve for 
shareholders' meetings. 
Board meetings normally take place at the registered office of the Issuer and are convened by the Chairman. 
The Board of Directors meets at least on a quarterly basis. An extraordinary meeting may be convened upon 
request of at least one-third of the Board of Directors members or of the Board of Statutory Auditors, and 
whenever the Chairman deems it necessary.  
The participation of the majority of the Directors is required for the Board meetings to be validly held. 
Resolutions are carried by a majority of the votes of the members present. In the event of parity, the Chairman 
shall have the casting vote.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
The current Board of Directors of the Issuer was appointed on 1 July 2020 and is composed of three Directors. 
Its mandate will expire with the approval of the Issuer's financial statements for the financial year ending 31 
December 2022. 
The Directors are domiciled for the purpose of their office at the Issuer's registered office. 
The current members of the Board of Directors and their principal positions held outside of the Issuer are 
summarised in the following table: 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal positions held 
outside of the Issuer  
Michele Giuseppe Vietti  
Chairman 
University teaching at: Facoltà di Economia 
della UNINT – Università degli studi 
internazionali di Roma. 
Partner at “Vietti e Associati” law firm, 
expert on credit, banking, financial and 
insurance matters 
Paola Simonelli 
Director 
Partner at “Studio Legale Tributario 
Simonelli Associati” 
Ignazio Parrinello 
Director 
Chartered Accountant at C.C.I.A.A. Varese 
Independent evaluation member  
General Manager  
Pursuant to Article 23 of the Issuer's by-laws, the shareholders' meeting appoints a General Manager who 
supervises the management of the Issuer and coordinates the Issuer's day-by-day operations. 
The General Manager is domiciled for the purpose of his office at the Issuer's registered office.  
The current General Manager and his principal positions held outside of the Issuer are summarised in the 
following table: 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal positions held 
outside of the Issuer  
Giovanni Rallo 
General Manager 
Managing Director at Deutsche Bank 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Under Italian law, and pursuant to Article 25 of the Issuer's by-laws, the ordinary shareholders' meeting 
appoints a Board of Statutory Auditors (Collegio Sindacale) composed of three independent Statutory 
Auditors. The shareholders' meeting also appoints two alternate Statutory Auditors and the Chairman of the 
Board. 
The Issuer's current Board of Statutory Auditors was appointed on 1 July 2020. Its mandate will expire with 
the approval of the Issuer’s financial statements for the financial year ending 31 December 2022. 
Statutory Auditors are domiciled for the purpose of their office at the Issuer's registered office.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
The current Statutory Auditors and their principal positions held outside of the Issuer are summarised in the 
following table: 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal positions held 
outside of the Issuer 
Luigi Jemoli 
Chairman 
Chartered Accountant at C.C.I.A.A. Varese 
Independent evaluation member 
Chairman at the Board of Statutory auditors 
in Lindt & Sprungli S.p.A., Caffarel S.p.a., 
Cometa S.p.A., Elmec S.p.A., Eolo S.p.a. 
Statutory Auditor at Carl Zeis Vision Italia 
S.p.A., Ribes S.p.A. 
Antonella Chiametti  
Statutory Auditor 
Chartered Accountant at C.C.I.A.A. Milano  
Maurizio Bocca 
Statutory Auditor 
Chartered Accountant at C.C.I.A.A. Milano 
and Auditor 
Elisa Belloni  
Alternate Statutory Auditor 
Chartered Accountant at C.C.I.A.A. Milano 
and Auditor 
Luigi Corbella 
Alternate Statutory Auditor 
Tax expert and statutory auditor 
The control system of the Issuer 
The Issuer's controls are inserted in a complex controls system implemented by external entities (the Region 
of Lombardy, the European Union, the Bank of Italy, the Court of Auditors (Corte dei Conti), the external 
audit firm, the Italian Data Protection Authority and the Italian National Anti-Corruption Authority) as well 
as internal bodies (the Board of Statutory Auditors, the Board of Directors, the Control Committee, the Internal 
Audit Office, the Compliance Office, the Risk Management and Anti-Money Laundering Office, the 
Supervisory Board pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001, the Promotion of 
Transparency and Integrity Responsible, the Prevention of Corruption Responsible and the Safety Manager). 
As part of the above mentioned "Regional System", the Issuer is subject to: 1) the "Directives addressed to the 
institutions listed in Annex A1, Section I, of Region of Lombardy Law No. 30 of 27 December 2006" adopted 
with Region of Lombardy Government Decision (Deliberazione della Giunta Regionale) No. 5447 of 25 July 
2016; 2) the audit of the Audit Department of U.O. Control System, Prevention of Corruption and 
Transparency of the Region of Lombardy (pursuant to Regional Council Decision (Deliberazione del 
Consiglio Regionale) No. 2922 of 3 April 2013 and Decree No. 1665 of 28 February 2014 DC Legal, 
Legislative, Institutional and Controls). 
Provided its role as a financial intermediary supervised by the Bank of Italy, the Issuer is furthermore subject 
to the Bank of Italy regulations on internal controls, pursuant to the Bank of Italy Circular No. 288 of 3 April 
2015. 
Given the above, the Issuer has set up an internal control system (reviewed with the new organizational 
structure in force from 1 June 2020) consisting of a 1st level control (line controls), a 2nd level control (“Risk 
Office”, composed of Compliance, Risk Management, Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Usury and Office 
Responsible for data protection) and a 3rd level control (Internal Audit). 
Internal Audit

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
The Internal Audit Office evaluates the completeness, adequacy, functionality (in terms of efficiency and 
effectiveness) and reliability of the internal controls system for formulating suggestions for improvement risk 
management policies and measurement tools; it checks, on a continuous basis, the regularity of the different 
business activities carried out by the Issuer and monitors potential threats; the Internal Audit Office also 
verifies the monitoring activity carried out by the Compliance Office. It ensures the removal of the anomalies 
identified during the execution of its controls. 
Risk Office, RPCT 
The Risk Office coordinates and oversees the correct activities of the subordinate organizational units, 
(Compliance, Risk Management, Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Usury, RPD Office) to ensure the 
management of the risk to which the Issuer is exposed. 
The Head of Risk Office is also Responsible for the Promotion of Transparency and Integrity and for the 
Prevention of Corruption, taking care of the formalities prescribed by Law No. 190 of 6 November 2012 on 
"Measures for the prevention and repression of corruption and lawlessness in the public administration" 
(Disposizioni per la prevenzione e la repressione della corruzione e dell'illegalità nella pubblica 
amministrazione) and by Italian Legislative Decree. No. 33 of 14 March 2013 on "Reorganisation of the 
regulation concerning disclosure, transparency and diffusion of information by public administrations" 
(Riordino della disciplina riguardante gli obblighi di pubblicità, trasparenza e diffusione di informazioni da 
parte delle pubbliche amministrazioni). 
Compliance 
The Compliance Office oversees the "compliance risk" by identifying the applicable laws and regulations and 
their impacts on the Issuer's activities; it participates in the ex-ante evaluation of the compliance of new 
products and services with the current laws and regulations and is in charge of the prevention and management 
of conflicts of interest; such function also proposes organizational/procedural changes to the Issuer's 
organizational structure so as to ensure an adequate control over the "compliance risk" and monitors the 
implementation and effectiveness of said changes. 
Risk Management, Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Usury 
The Risk Management Office collaborates in the definition of internal policies, procedures and assessment 
methods for the management of the risks to which the Issuer is exposed and verifies their adequacy on a 
continuous basis. It is also in charge of the evaluation of the risks of new products and services developed by 
the Issuer and ensures that proper performance monitoring mechanisms are in place in order to avoid any 
shortcomings in the risk management process.  
The Anti-Money Laundering Office and Anti-Usury unit also have to assess and mitigate the risk of the Issuer 
becoming involved in criminal activities concerning money laundering or terrorism financing. 
RPD (Responsible for Data Protection) Office 
Data Protection Office addresses and controls the internal procedures and company deeds pursuant to 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/679. It also assesses the risks connected with the data processing: 
• 
Informing and advising the data controller on the obligation pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/679; 
• 
Supervising the compliance of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/679 and of any other EU data protection 
provision; 
Control Committee

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
The Control Committee promotes the coordination between various offices and professionals involved in the 
internal controls system and the exchange of information between them and the company bodies of the Issuer 
(Board of Directors and Board of Statutory Auditors) and the Supervisory Board.  
The Control Committee is composed of: one Director with responsibility for governance and controls (who 
chairs the Committee); a member appointed to represent the Board of Statutory Auditors; the Chief Audit 
Executive; the Head of the Risk Office; and the Chairman of the Supervisory Board. The Control Committee 
meets at least on a quarterly basis; the Control Committee's Chairman may invite the General Manager, the 
Deputy General Manager and/or other persons to attend the meetings of the Control Committee.  
The Control Committee primarily: (i) supports the Board of Directors in increasing the controls efficiency; (ii) 
collects the work plans drafted by the control functions to coordinate the activities and audits planned; and (iii) 
suggests solutions and principles with respect to critical issues and particular themes or problems. 
Supervisory Board pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001  
Pursuant to Article 6 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of 8 June 2001, the Issuer has established a 
Supervisory Board which has to (i) verify the adequacy and the implementation of the organization, 
management and control model adopted by the Issuer, and (ii) provide for the updating of such model. 
Conflict of Interests 
Conflicts of interest may occasionally arise between the duties of a member of the Issuer's Board of Directors 
or Board of Statutory Auditors, or the General Manager and Deputy General Manager, and their duties towards 
other parties. 
In case of any potential conflicts of interest between certain Directors' duties to the Issuer and their private 
interests or duties towards other parties, pursuant to Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code, the interested 
Director shall disclose any interest, either private or on behalf of a third party, in a specific transaction of the 
Issuer to the other members of the Board and to the Board of Statutory Auditors. The Director shall also 
highlight the nature, the origin and the conditions of such interest. 
Pursuant to the Bank of Italy Circular No. 288 dated 3 April 2015, the Issuer, in compliance with applicable 
laws and regulations, has adopted and periodically updates operational and control policies to prevent and, 
whether or not it is possible, to mitigate potential conflicts of interest.   
Any transaction with related parties (mainly with the Shareholder and with Finlombarda Gestioni SGR S.p.A.) 
is entered into through a contract by the Issuer at normal market conditions.  
As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest 
between the duties of a member of the Issuer's Board of Directors or Board of Statutory Auditors to the Issuer 
and their private interests and other duties. 
Independent Auditors  
The Issuer's financial statements are audited by independent external auditors appointed, pursuant to Article 
13 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010, by means of a resolution of the ordinary 
shareholders' meeting upon a reasonable proposal from the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
Starting from 10 September 2019, the Independent Auditors of the Issuer for the 2019-2027 financial years is 
Audirevi S.p.A., with registered office at Paolo da Cannobio, 33, 20122, Milan, Italy. Audirevi S.p.A. is 
registered under number 119450 in the Register of Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) – in compliance 
with the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 – and is a member of "Assirevi" 
(Associazione Italiana Revisori Contabili).

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Fiscal Year 
The fiscal year of the Issuer is the calendar year. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer employed 157 people. 
 
Category of Employees 
Number of Employees 
Executive
 .............................................................................................................  
12 
Management
 .............................................................................................................  
57 
 ................................................................................................  
 
Other
 .............................................................................................................  
88 
Total.
 .............................................................................................................  
157 
Litigation  
In the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer may be involved in a number of legal claims and procedures.  
The Issuer has conducted a review of their on-going litigation and has made, where necessary, provisions 
considered appropriate in light of the circumstances, when a loss is certain or probable and reasonably 
estimable, in accordance with applicable accounting principles. 
Material Contracts 
 
On 1 June 2020, the Issuer changed its registered office. For this purpose, it signed a loan agreement with 
Regione Lombardia for the use of its office located in Torquato Taramelli, 12, 20124, Milan (MI). The 
agreement provides only for the refund of facilities expenses. The Issuer has not entered into any contracts in 
the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may reasonably be expected to be 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders.  
Recent Developments 
Rating 
On 31 March 2021, also in light of the connection with the Region of Lombardy, Fitch confirmed the long-
term foreign and local currency IDR at BBB- with a “Stable” outlook. Fitch also confirmed the short-term 
foreign-currency IDR at F3. The long and short-term ratings of the senior unsecured debt have also been 
confirmed at BBB- and F3, respectively. 
New credit facility 
In October 2021, the Issuer entered into a new credit agreement with the Banca Popolare di Sondrio, which 
will allow the Issuer to further invest in bonds and loans issued by small and medium size companies operating 
in Lombardy for an amount equal to Euro 150 million.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Further draws on the Euro 242 million facility granted by the European Investment Bank 
In February, April and June 2021, Finlombarda drew, approximately, Euro 130 million under the Euro 242 
million facility agreement entered into between the European Investment Bank, as lender, and Finlombarda, 
as borrower, in September 2015.  
2021 Lending activity 
 
On the 30th September 2021 the total gross outstanding loan portfolio was equal to Euro 413 million, of 
which approximately Euro 200 million representing the lending activity of 2021, among all the different 
products offered to small and medium-sized enterprises (loans and minibond).

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
BUSINESS OF THE ISSUER 
General 
The Issuer plans, realises and manages, on behalf of the Shareholder, innovative financial products and services 
– by using European, regional or own resources – in order to support the competition, growth, innovation, 
collaboration and expansion in foreign markets of companies located in Lombardy. The Issuer also facilitates 
the efficiency of payment systems between public and private sectors and propagates best practices regarding 
the simplification of local public systems.  
Without prejudice to the above, pursuant to Article 4 of its by-laws, the Issuer may grant loans in whatever 
form as well as perform, by way of example but not limited to, the following activities: 
• 
structuring, management, and provision of financial interventions in favour of companies located in 
the Region of Lombardy and other entities acting within the production system of Lombardy, therein 
including credit guarantee consortia (consorzi di garanzia collettiva dei fidi) and public bodies, these 
latter exclusively for initiatives in the infrastructure sector; 
• 
acquiring holdings; 
• 
structuring, managing and promoting initiatives and interventions in the field of infrastructure in order 
to improve the production system of the Region of Lombardy; 
• 
providing financial advice regarding the phases of design, development and management of structured 
finance models and instruments in favour of the regional and local systems;  
• 
managing and participating in European programmes and projects in areas of regional interest; 
• 
providing advice and services for the management of revenues/taxes; 
• 
providing advice in the field of public finance; 
• 
engaging in other activities related and instrumental to the foregoing; and 
• 
performing any other activities permitted to financial intermediaries according to all the relevant laws 
and regulations as applicable from time to time. 
Areas of Activity 
The Issuer is active in several different areas and constantly interacts with various entities, namely the 
Shareholder, local authorities or businesses established in Lombardy, banks and financial intermediaries (both 
national and European). 
Services provided to the Shareholder 
The Issuer, on behalf of the Shareholder, offers business services and other highly innovative services to 
companies incorporated in the Region of Lombardy – with a particular focus on micro, small and medium 
enterprises – and gives advice to the Shareholder on the implementation of development programmes 
concerning research, innovation, internationalization and growth of skills. The Issuer also supports the 
Shareholder in the definition and management of invitations to tender and public notices concerning different 
areas.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Financial advice and offering of funding products 
The Issuer provides financial and economic advice to the Shareholder on a continuing basis, acting in 
compliance with the relevant laws and regulations.  
To this extent, the Issuer supports the Shareholder in the implementation of strategically important projects 
where financial aspects assume a significant importance. In some cases, these projects also imply the funding 
of the initiatives by the Issuer out of its own funds. 
Tax collection services 
In 2010, the Region of Lombardy reorganized the regional processes and procedures regarding the collection 
of taxes and other local revenues and, in this context, appointed the Issuer as tributes manager. 
Pursuant to the relevant agreement entered into with the Shareholder, the Issuer has also undertaken to provide 
technical and consultative assistance in re-engineering processes related to the management and collection of 
regional taxes (particularly car taxes) and in monitoring the amounts of collected revenues, as well as to support 
and assist taxpayers in connection with the payments of regional duties, to advise revenue collectors on the 
fulfilment of their tasks and to carry out some document management services.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer no longer operates collection services. 
Lending activities involving regional funds 
The Issuer's lending activity involving regional funds is primarily focused on enterprises established in the 
north of Italy and is carried out by means of subsidized loans and other facilities; the Issuer is also involved in 
some factoring operations and it endorses credit guarantees. 
The Issuer's lending activity involving regional funds is mainly carried out with public resources contributed 
by the Shareholder on the basis of specific agreements. The Issuer acts as an agent without representation, in 
its own name and on behalf of the Shareholder. The funds constitute autonomous management at the Issuer 
that detects active and passive operations relating to the latter by means of entries in accounts memorandum 
of its balance sheet. 
The main part of the activity consists of granting loans and short, medium and long-term facilities for the 
purpose of co-financing (also with other banks and/or financial institutions) the execution of investments. The 
facilities are ordinarily granted by the Issuer against appropriate securities, guarantees and business plans, 
evaluated in coordination with the relevant Region of Lombardy's offices. 
The Issuer also provides a wide range of services to public entities, enterprises and individuals within 
facilitated loans initiatives promoted by local or European authorities. 
The range of services provided by the Issuer in relation to facilitated loans initiatives comprises, first of all, 
the execution of administrative activities pertaining to the entities involved and concerning the collection and 
examination of the applications, the allocation of the loans as well as the monitoring and reporting of the 
granted facilities. 
The Issuer also acts as advisor for the management of the relationships between the borrowers, the lenders and 
the other entities involved, and also prepares contractual agreements. 
Lastly, the Issuer provides information, assistance and advice to enterprises and individuals in order to 
facilitate the adjudication and collection of the loans.  
Financial Intermediation

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
As a financial intermediary focused on the provision of loans to small and medium-sized enterprises, the Issuer, 
pursuing the goal of promoting and supporting entrepreneurial activities, utilises both its own resources and 
contributions from other entities (in particular public banks, the European Investment Bank or resources from 
a previous EMTN issue). 
Among the various financing products offered recently by the Issuer, the most relevant are: "Credito Adesso 
Evolution", “AL VIA Fast”, “Credito PPP”, “Minibond”, “Syndicated Loans”, “Leveraged & Acquisition 
Finance”, “Più Credito alla Lombardia – splitted in Più Credito Fornitori line and Più Credito Liquidità 
line”, “Turnaround Financing” and “Hydrobond Initiative”. 
The initiative "Credito Adesso Evolution" is the update of the Credito Adesso initiative, launched in 2020. It 
provides for the granting of unsecured loans (in co-financing with financial intermediaries), combined with 
interest subsidies granted by the Lombardy Region, aimed at reducing the liquidity shortage of micro, small, 
medium and mid-caps enterprises, operating in the Lombardy region. Under such initiatives (Credito Adesso 
and Credito Adesso Evolution), in 2020, the Issuer granted loans for an amount of Euro 73.8 million. 
“AL VIA FAST” is the update of the AL VIA initiative launched in 2020, aimed at financing - through the 
granting of medium-term loans (in co-financing with financial intermediaries) combined with capital grants 
and guarantees granted by the Lombardy Region - productive investments of small and medium enterprises, 
located in the Lombardy region. Under this initiative (AL VIA FAST and AL VIA), in 2020, the Issuer granted 
loans for an amount of Euro 31.3 million. 
“Credito PPP” finances or refinances - through pool or stand-alone financing - investments supported by 
companies awarded concessions and public-private partnership contracts for the construction or renovation of 
public works and services. The plafond of financial resources made available by the Issuer amounts to Euro 
200 million. 
“Minibond” initiative, updated in 2020, supports companies located in the Lombardy region (with a particular 
focus on “responsible companies” under ESG standards) in financing their development and investment plans 
through the subscription of minibonds, for up to Euro 5 million and in partnership with other institutional 
investors. The limit of financial resources made available by the Issuer amounts to Euro 120 million. 
“Syndicated Loans” is a new initiative launched in 2020 aimed at supporting companies located in the 
Lombardy region implementing investment programs with high financial requirements. It provides for the 
participation of the Issuer (up to Euro 15 million) in 'pool' loans originated by one or more financial 
intermediaries. The amount of financial resources made available by the Issuer amounts to Euro 300 million. 
“Leveraged & Acquisition Finance” is a new initiative launched in 2020 that supports micro, small, medium 
and mid-caps enterprises - in co-financing with financial intermediaries - in L&A Finance operations with 
amounts up to Euro 15 million. The amount of financial resources made available by the Issuer amounts to 
Euro 65 million. 
Più Credito alla Lombardia is an Issuer's new initiative, launched in 2020 in reaction to the COVID-19 crisis, 
to support the liquidity needs of the Lombardy production system, and includes the “Più Credito Liquidità” 
and “Più Credito Fornitori”. “Più Credito Liquidità” supports companies located in the Lombardy region 
with loans, granted in co-financing with financial intermediaries, with amounts between 1 and 15 million 
euros. “Più Credito Fornitori” supports the supply chain of the Lombardy Region supplier companies with 
loans covering the payment of trade payables and liquidity needs. The total amount of financial resources made 
available by the Issuer amounts to Euro 300 million. 
“Turnaround Financing” is a new and significant initiative, launched in 2020, aimed at supporting companies 
located in the Lombardy region that have embarked on a restructuring process and need resources to finance 
the business relaunch phase. The loan, up to Euro 2 million, is backed by a guarantee granted by the Lombardy 
Region. The support made available by the Issuer on own resources amounts to Euro 15 million.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
“Hydrobond Initiative” is an initiative aimed at funding public companies located in the Lombardy region and 
entrusted with the management of the Lombard integrated water service by bond issuances.  
In September 2015, the Issuer entered into another credit agreement with the European Investment Bank, 
which will allow the Issuer to invest in bonds and loans issued by small and medium size companies operating 
in Lombardy for an amount equal to Euro 242 million.   
Issuer's own portfolio 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's own portfolio was composed of: Fair Value assets for an amount equal 
to Euro 35.5 million (OICR), Held to collect and sell assets for an amount equal to Euro 85.2 million (debt 
securities and minority participations) and Held to collect assets for an amount equal to Euro 36.5 million (debt 
securities).  
Third Parties Funds 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the amount of third parties funds under management or held by the Issuer was equal 
to Euro 767.8 million, mostly represented by funds from the Region of Lombardy used for financing activities, 
giving guarantees, capital grants or interest subsidies. Third parties funds under a management portfolio equal 
to Euro 492.6 million were composed of: Securities (Mutual Funds) and Cash and Short-term Instruments. 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the average maturity of the third parties funds under the management portfolio was 
very prudential, less than 2 years. 
Business Plan 
In 2020, the Issuer updated its business plan for the three-year period 2020-2022, mainly focusing on 
enhancing the services provided to regional authorities and financial innovation. 
Capital Adequacy 
As at 31 December 2020, the absorption of the regulatory capital of the Issuer was very low: the minimum 
capital requirements that the Issuer has to meet pursuant to Pillar I were equal to Euro 31.4 million, while the 
Issuer's regulatory capital was equal to Euro 239.3 million; in accordance with the Bank of Italy Circular No. 
288 of 3 April 2015, the Issuer is included in Class 3 and it is allowed to use simplified methodologies to 
calculate its regulatory capital requirements against the Pillar I risks (standardised approach for credit risk, 
market risk and basic indicator approach for operational risk). The Issuer also measures risks not included in 
the Pillar I through adequate control systems and mitigation processes. 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer was consequently highly capitalized.  
The main sources of income for the Issuer are related to the advice/support provided to the Region of 
Lombardy; in addition, the Issuer holds certain financial instruments in order to optimise the management of 
the liquidity held in the Issuer's current accounts. 
As required by the Bank of Italy Circular No. 288 of 3 April 2015, the Issuer monitors its capital adequacy, 
prepares the ICAAP (Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process) Report and publishes, on its website, 
www.finlombarda.it, the disclosure requirements under Pillar III.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
TAXATION 
General 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Notes, including the application to their particular situation of the tax 
considerations discussed below. 
ITALIAN TAXATION  
The following is a summary of current Italian law and practice relating to certain Italian tax considerations 
concerning the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Notes. The statements herein regarding taxation 
are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date of this Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law 
occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis.  
Prospective purchasers should be aware that tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances of each 
Noteholder: as a consequence they should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under Italian tax 
law and under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any other 
potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Securities, including in particular the effect of any state, 
regional or local tax laws.  
The following summary does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations that may be 
relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal 
with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special 
rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall 
tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes. This summary does not describe the tax consequences for 
an investor with respect to Notes that provide payout linked to the profits of the Issuer, profits of another 
company of the group or profits of the business in relation to which they are issued.  
Interest and other proceeds from Notes that qualify as bonds or instruments similar to bonds  
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended and supplemented, (Decree No. 
239/1996) provides for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and similar 
proceeds - including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price - (Interest) deriving 
from notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended 
and supplemented (Decree No. 917/1986), issued, inter alia, by a company whose shares are not traded on a 
regulated market or multilateral trading facility of an EU or EEA country included in the White List (as defined 
below), where the notes themselves are traded on the mentioned regulated markets or multilateral trading 
facilities. 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds are defined as securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not less than their nominal value and that do not give any right to 
directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or of the business in relation to which they 
are issued nor any type of control on the management.  
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected (unless he has opted for the application of the Regime del risparmio gestito – see 
under "Capital gains tax" below), (b) a non-commercial partnership, pursuant to article 5 of Decree No. 
917/1986, (c) a non-commercial private or public institution or non-commercial trust, or (d) an investor exempt 
from Italian corporate income taxation, Interests (other than capital gains) relating to the Notes, accrued during

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent either when the Interest is paid by the Issuer, or when payment thereof is obtained by the 
Noteholder on a sale of the relevant Notes.   
In the event that the Noteholder described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Notes if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements from time to time applicable set forth under Italian Law. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are deposited with 
an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. They must, 
however, be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian 
corporate taxation (IRES) and in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also to 
the regional tax on productive activities (IRAP).  
If the investor is an Italian resident open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF (an investment 
company with fixed capital other than a Real Estate SICAF) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable 
capital) established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the 
supervision of a regulatory authority (the Fund), and the relevant Notes are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will neither be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Fund but must be included in the management results 
of the Funds accrued at the end of each tax period. A withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent will apply, in 
certain circumstances, to distributions made by the Fund in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into Law No. 
410 of 23 November 2001 (Decree 351), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 
30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, Italian real estate investment 
funds established in accordance with Article 37 of Legislative Decree No 58 of 24 February 1998 and Article 
14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate SICAFs (together, the Real Estate Investment 
Funds) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of Real Estate 
Investment Fund. A withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at a rate of up to 26 per cent on 
distributions made by the Real Estate Investment Funds and, in certain cases, a tax transparency regime may 
apply in respect of certain categories of investors, owning more than 5 per cent of the Italian Real Estate Fund 
units. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of the 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but they must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, 
to be subject to a 20 per cent annual substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding 
period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes may be excluded 
from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to 
time applicable set forth under Italian law.  
Pursuant to Decree No. 239/1996, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione mobiliare 
("SIMs"), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (each an Intermediary) as subsequently amended and 
integrated.  
An Intermediary (a) must (i) be a resident in Italy or (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident financial intermediary or (iii) be an entity or company not resident in Italy, acting through a system 
of centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian 
Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purpose of Decree 239, and (b) intervene, 
in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the 
imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without 
consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited.  
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by 
any Italian intermediary paying Interest to a Noteholder or, in their absence, by the Issuer.  
Non-Italian resident Noteholders  
 
According to Decree No. 239/1996, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies on payments of interest, 
premium and other proceeds in respect of the Notes made to either (i) beneficial owners or (ii) certain 
institutional investors, even if not possessing the status of taxpayers in their own country of incorporation, 
who, in either case, are non-Italian resident holders of the Notes with no permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected provided that (a) such beneficial owners are resident, for tax 
purposes, or such institutional investors are set up, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended and possibly 
further amended according to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (the White List); and (b) all the requirements 
and procedures set forth in Decree 239 and in the relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in 
order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time. 
Decree 239/1996 also provides for additional exemptions from imposta sostitutiva for payments of interest, 
premiums and other proceeds in respect of the Notes made to (i) international entities or bodies set up in 
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (ii) central banks or entities 
which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign state. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident investors indicated above must: (a) be either (i) the 
beneficial owners of the payments of interest, premium or other income on the Notes or (ii) qualify as one of 
the above mentioned institutional investors, even if not possessing the status of taxpayers in their own country 
of incorporation,(b) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or company 
participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, with the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance and (c) file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the 
deposit of the Notes, a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, 
in which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva. The Noteholder statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in 
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in case of foreign central 
banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign state, must comply with the 
requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently amended. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to Interest related to the Notes paid to 
Noteholders who do not qualify for the exemption. Noteholders who are subject to the imposta sostitutiva 
might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial reduction (generally to 10 per cent.) of the imposta 
sostitutiva under certain applicable double tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more favourable, provided all 
conditions for their application are met.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to the Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) 
or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at 
the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value with or without the 
payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management 
of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes not falling 
within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), if 
such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable set forth under Italian law. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected; (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; (c) a permanent establishment in Italy 
of a foreign entity; (d) an Italian commercial partnership; or (e) an Italian commercial private or public 
institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the 
Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident 
Noteholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty, provided all conditions for 
its application are met. 
Capital gains  
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Any capital gain realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated for the purpose of corporate 
income tax and of individual income tax as part of the taxable business income of Noteholders (and, in certain 
cases, depending on the status of the Noteholders, may also be included in the taxable basis of IRAP), and 
therefore subject to tax in Italy according to the relevant tax provisions, if derived by Noteholders who are (a) 
Italian resident corporations; or (b) Italian resident commercial partnerships; or (c) permanent establishments 
in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected; or (d) Italian resident individuals 
carrying out a commercial activity, as to any capital gains realised within the scope of their commercial 
activity.  
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an 
individual not holding the Notes in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial 
partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder 
from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per 
cent. under some conditions and limitations, a Noteholder may set off any losses against their gains.  
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain (redditi diversi), any Interest on the Notes accrued 
and unpaid up to the time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the purchase price 
and the sale price, respectively. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above may opt for one of the 
three regimes described below:  
1) under the tax return regime (Regime della dichiarazione), which is the standard regime for taxation of 
capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity, imposta

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any 
incurred capital loss, realised by Italian resident individual noteholders holding the Notes not in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity (pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any 
given tax year). These individuals must report the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any 
relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return to be filed with the Italian tax authority for such year 
and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year.  
2) as an alternative to the tax return regime, Italian resident individual noteholders holding the Notes not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay imposta sostitutiva separately on the capital 
gains realised upon each sale or redemption of the Notes (Regime del risparmio Amministrato). Such 
separate taxation of capital gains is permitted subject to: (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, 
SIM or certain authorised financial intermediaries; and (ii) an express election for the Regime del risparmio 
amministrato being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The financial intermediary, on the 
basis of the information provided by the taxpayer, accounts for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital 
gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised at 
revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to 
the Italian Tax Authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from proceeds to 
be credited to the Noteholder. Under the Regime del risparmio amministrato, where a sale or redemption 
of the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised 
in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the Regime del risparmio 
amministrato, the Noteholder is not required to report capital gains in its annual tax return; 
3) any capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity who have elected for the Asset Management Option (Regime del risparmio gestito) 
will be included in the calculation of the annual increase in net value of the managed assets accrued, even 
if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent substitute tax to be applied on behalf of the taxpayer 
by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the Regime del risparmio gestito, any depreciation of the 
managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against an increase in the net value of the 
managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the Regime risparmio del gestito, 
the Noteholder is not required to report capital gains realised in its annual tax return.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from Italian 
capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the 
Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements from time to time applicable set forth under Italian law. 
The capital gains realised by Funds are not subject to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the 
hands of the relevant Fund but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the 
tax period. Such result will not be taxed with the Fund, but on the subsequent distributions in favour of 
unitholders of shareholders a substitutive tax may be applied at a rate up to 26 per cent, in certain 
circumstances.   
Italian Real Estate Investment Funds are not subject to any substitute tax at the fund level nor to any other 
income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Investment Fund. The income of the Real Estate Investment Fund 
is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, 
when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by article 17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent substitute tax.  Subject 
to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the 
Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable set forth under Italian.  
Non-Italian Resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes issued by 
an Italian resident issuer and traded on regulated markets (and, in certain cases, subject to filing of required 
documentation) are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva nor to any other Italian income tax.  
Capital gains realised by a non-Italian resident Noteholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of the Notes issued by an Italian 
resident issuer not traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the 
Noteholder: (a) qualifies as the beneficial owner of the capital gain and is resident for income tax purposes in 
a country included in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a central bank or an entity which 
manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is 
established in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer therein, 
in any case, to the extent all the requirements and procedures in order to benefit from the exemption from 
imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time, if applicable.  In this case, if the non-Italian 
Noteholders have opted for the Regime del risparmio amministrato or the Regime del risparmio gestito, 
exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in due course with the 
authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the 
requirements indicated above.  
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, without a 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of 
Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer and not traded on regulated markets are subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. However, a Noteholder may benefit from an applicable tax treaty 
with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in 
the resident tax country of the recipient.  
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as 
subsequently amended, the transfer of any valuable asset (including shares, notes or other securities) as a result 
of the death or donation are taxed as follows:  
1) transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each 
beneficiary, €1,000,000; 
2) transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers 
in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and 
3) any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on 
the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) – that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax law, are 
exempt from inheritance taxes.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
If the transfer is made in favour of person with a severe disability recognized by law, inheritance or gift taxes 
are levied at the rate mentioned above on the amount of the value of the inheritance or gift that exceeds Euro 
1,500,000.  
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities may be subject to the registration tax as follows: a) public deeds 
and notarized deeds (atti pubblici e scritture private autenticate) executed in Italy should be subject to a lump 
sum of Euro 200 as registration tax; and b) private deeds (scitture private non autenticate) should be subject 
to a lump sum of registration Euro 200 as registration tax only in the case of use, explicit reference or voluntary 
registration.  
Stamp duty (imposta di bollo) and Wealth tax (IVAFE) 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 (the Decree 
No. 642/1972), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications 
which may be sent by a financial intermediary to a Noteholder in respect of any Notes which may be deposited 
with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per cent.; this stamp duty is 
determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or 
redemption amount of the Notes held. The stamp duty cannot exceed Euro 14,000 if the Noteholder is not an 
individual.  
The proportional stamp duty does not apply to communications sent by Italian financial intermediaries to 
subjects not qualifying as clients, as defined by Provision of the Governor of Bank of Italy dated 20 June 2012. 
Moreover, the proportional stamp duty does not apply to communications sent to Pension Funds. 
Pursuant to Article 19(18 and 18-bis) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (Decree No. 201/2011) , Italian 
resident individuals, Italian non-commercial private or public institutions or Italian non-commercial 
partnerships, holding the Notes outside the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 
0.20 per cent (IVAFE). For taxpayers different from individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or, if no market value 
figure is available, the nominal value or the redemption value or if the nominal or redemption values cannot 
be determined, on the purchase value of such financial assets held outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are 
entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial 
assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due).  
Tax monitoring  
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 of 4 
August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società 
semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917/1986) which are resident in 
Italy for tax purposes and which over the fiscal year hold or are beneficial owners of investments abroad or 
have financial activities abroad must, in certain circumstances, disclose such investments or financial activities 
to tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that 
must be filed within the same time prescribed for the income tax return), regardless of the value of such assets 
(save for deposits or bank accounts having an aggregate value not exceeding a Euro 15,000 threshold 
throughout the year, which per se do not require such disclosure). This requirement applies even if the taxpayer 
during the tax period has totally divested such assets. No disclosure requirements exist for investments and 
financial activities (including the Notes) under management or administration entrusted to Italian resident 
intermediaries and for contracts concluded through their intervention, provided that the cash flows and the 
income derived from such activities and contracts have been subject to Italian withholding or substitute tax by 
intermediaries themselves.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign passthru 
payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The issuer may 
be a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered 
into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions.  
In particular, according to the intergovernmental agreement (IGA Italy) signed by the United States and the 
Republic of Italy on January 10, 2014 and implemented in Italy by Law No. 95 of 18 June 2015, a foreign 
financial institution is not generally subject to withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives. 
Furthermore, a foreign financial institution is not required to withhold from payments it makes (unless it has 
agreed to do so under the U.S. “qualified intermediary” regime, according to which, in certain cases, a 30% 
withholding tax is applied on the payments from sources within the United States). 
Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects 
of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not 
apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date. However, if additional notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions—Further Issues”) 
that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including 
the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
In view of the fact that the implementation of FACTA rules may be different from jurisdiction to jurisdiction 
due to the applicable IGA, holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply 
to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION  
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice.  The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local 
or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended (the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg or to a 
residual entity (within the meanings of the laws of 21 June 2005 implementing Council Directive 
2003/48/EC of 3 June 2003 on the taxation of savings income and ratifying the treaties entered into 
by Luxembourg and certain dependent and associated territories of EU Member States (the 
Territories), as amended) established in an EU member State (other than Luxembourg) will be subject 
to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the 
beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth.  
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent.  
Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be 
subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent.   
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT")  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. 
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad 
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 23 November 2021, agreed with the 
Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes".  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes 
under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms will identify whether 
TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.Until 
40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
regulation); and 
b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (iii) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For 
the purposes of this provision:  
a) the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
b) the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
b) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85208 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer, and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
France  
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold and will not offer 
or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed 
and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, and that such offers, sales and distributions 
have been and will be made in France only to (a) providers of investment services relating to portfolio 
management for the account of third parties, and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than 
individuals, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1 and D.411 4 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) and any applicable provision of Italian laws and  
regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or 0 above must: 
(a)  
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the Financial Services Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from 
time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); 
and 
(b)  
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) 
and/or any other Italian authority. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme has and the increase of the Programme amount have been authorised by the 
resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 20 July 2021 and 30 September 2021 ratified, to the 
extent relevant, by a resolution of the Extraordinary Shareholders meeting of the Issuer dated 19 September 
2021. 
The issue of Notes under the Programme will be authorised prior to each relevant issue of Notes by the 
competent bodies of the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws and the relevant provisions of the Issuer's 
By-Laws.  Each issuance resolution (delibera di emissione) shall be passed in notarial form and registered in 
the competent Companies' Register (Registro delle Imprese). 
Listing and admission to trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2004/39/EC). 
BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services 
with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other 
BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in 
Luxembourg. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from www.finlombarda.it : 
(i) 
the by-laws (statuto) of the Issuer (with an English translation thereof); 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any future base prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to this Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms (save that the Final Terms relating to a Note which is not admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area will only be available for inspection by 
a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer as to its holding 
of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein 
by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer or the 
Group since 31 December 2020 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation   
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
Auditors 
Until 31 December 2018, Independent Auditors of the Issuer was BDO Italia S.p.A., with registered office at 
Viale Abruzzi, 94, 20131, Milan, Italy. BDO Italia S.p.A. was registered under number 167911 in the Register 
of Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali).  
On 10 September 2019, Audirevi S.p.A. (“Audirevi”) was appointed as independent auditor.  
Consequently, from 10 September 2019, Independent Auditors of the Issuer for the 2019-2027 financial years 
is Audirevi, with registered office at Via Paolo da Cannobio, 33, 20122. Audirevi is registered under number 
119450 in the Register of Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) – in compliance with the provisions of 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 – and is a member of "Assirevi" (Associazione Italiana Revisori 
Contabili). 
Audirevi has audited the Issuer's accounts, without qualification, in accordance with IAS/IFRS for the financial 
years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Note, except 
if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in lending, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services to the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  In addition, in the ordinary course 
of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's 
affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates (including parent companies) that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  Any 
such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme.  The 
Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may 
hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
 
ISSUER 
Finlombarda S.p.A. with a sole shareholder 
Via Torquato Taramelli, 12 
20124, Milan  
Italy 
 
PAYING AGENT 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch  
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Postal address: L-2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Italian law 
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe (Europe) LLP 
Corso Matteotti 10 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to English law and Italian law 
Allen & Overy 
Via Manzoni 41-43 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
20121 Milan 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
Italy 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer 
Audirevi S.p.A. 
Via Paolo da Cannobio, 33,  
20122 Milan  
Italy 
ARRANGER 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
DEALER

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 4161-1027-2559.7 
 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch  
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Postal address: L-2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy