--- Page 1 ---
A42060361 
 
FLUVIUS SYSTEM OPERATOR CV 
organised as a cooperative company (coöperatieve vennootschap/société coopérative) under Belgian law 
Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium 
BE 0477.445.084 (RLE Ghent, section Ghent) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
guaranteed on a several but not joint basis by 
Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas 
Under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Fluvius System 
Operator CV (the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue notes denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) (the “Notes”). 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currencies). The Notes are guaranteed by Fluvius 
Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas (each a “Guarantor” and together the “Guarantors”), each 
on a several but not joint basis, subject to the pro rata limitations set out in their respective guarantee (each a “Guarantee”). 
Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions herein. Notes to be issued under the Programme may be 
Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero-Coupon Notes (each as defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’) or a combination of the foregoing, depending on 
the Interest and Redemption basis (each as defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’) specified in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below). The Notes will be 
issued in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. The minimum Specified Denomination of the Notes shall be at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency). The Notes have no maximum Specified Denomination. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealers specified below and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment 
may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an 
issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
The English version of this Base Prospectus has been approved on 17 November 2020 by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten 
en Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers) (the “FSMA”) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
It contains information relating to the issue by the Issuer of Notes under the Programme and must be read in conjunction with the documents incorporated by reference herein. The 
FSMA has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. This approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantors nor of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in any Notes. This Base Prospectus has been prepared in English and has been translated into Dutch. Without prejudice to the 
responsibility of the Issuer and the Guarantors for inconsistencies between the different language versions of the Base Prospectus, in case of inconsistencies between the English 
and Dutch language versions of the Base Prospectus, the English version will prevail. 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels (“Euronext Brussels”) for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of approval of 
the Base Prospectus to be listed on Euronext Brussels and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being 
“listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The regulated market of 
Euronext Brussels is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments and amending 
Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”). The Issuer may also issue Notes which are not listed or request the listing of Notes on any other stock 
exchange or market. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months from its date of approval. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the provisions of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en 
Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations), as amended (the “Belgian Companies and Associations Code”) and cannot be physically delivered. The Notes will be 
represented exclusively by book entry in the records of the securities settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the “NBB-
SSS”). The Notes can be held by their holders through direct participants in the NBB-SSS, whose membership extends to securities such as the Notes (each a “Participant”) and 
through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through any Participant. 
Information on the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes, the issue price of such Notes and other information which is applicable 
to each Tranche (as defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’) of such Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be delivered 
to the FSMA and Euronext Brussels on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Brussels will 
be published on the website of the Issuer (https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations/ratings-and-bonds/bonds). 
The Issuer has been rated A3 by Moody’s Investor Service Ltd. and A+ by Creditreform Rating AG. The Guarantors are not rated. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. When an issue of a certain Series (as defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’) of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
applicable to the Issuer and such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series of Notes will be treated as having been issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended 
(the “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Notes issued under this Programme constitute debt instruments. An investment in such Notes involves risks. By subscribing to the Notes, investors lend money to the 
Issuer who undertakes to pay interest (if any) and to reimburse the principal on the maturity date. In case of bankruptcy or default by the Issuer or the Guarantors, 
however, investors may not recover the amounts they are entitled to and risk losing all or a part of their investment. Prospective investors should furthermore take into 
account the risks relating to the enforcement of the Guarantees as indicated in the risk factor entitled “The enforcement of the Guarantees is subject to limitations stemming 
from the particular nature of the Guarantors” in Part II – ‘Risk factors’. 
 
Each prospective investor must carefully consider whether it is suitable for that investor to invest in the Notes in light of its knowledge and financial experience and 
should, if required, obtain professional advice. Prospective investors should read the Base Prospectus in its entirety and, in particular, the risk factors described under 
Part II – ‘Risk factors’ before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the 
Notes. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium by any Dealer to 
“consumers” (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as 
amended. 
 
Co-Arrangers and Dealers of the Programme 
BELFIUS BANK 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 17 November 2020.

--- Page 2 ---
Important information 
2 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
In this Base Prospectus, references to (i) the “Fluvius Economic Group” are to the Issuer, its subsidiaries, joint 
ventures and associated companies (being, on the date of this Base Prospectus, Atrias CV, De Stroomlijn CV, 
Fluvius OV, Interkabel and Synductis CV) and the Guarantors and (ii) “capital” and “share capital” are, where 
the context requires, to contribution (inbreng/apport) in accordance with applicable provisions of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code1. 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purpose of giving the necessary information with regard to the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Notes 
which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Notes, is material to enable 
investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and 
prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantors, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance of 
the Notes and its impact on the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out in Part IV – ‘Terms and Conditions of the Notes’, as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements thereto and all documents which are 
incorporated herein by reference (see Part III – ‘Documents incorporated by reference’) and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, is to be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on websites mentioned herein does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers accepts any responsibility for 
the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by a Co-Arranger 
or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantors or the issue and offering of the Notes 
or for the acts or omissions of the Issuer, the Guarantors or any other person (other than the relevant Co-Arranger 
or Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. Each of the Co-Arrangers and the Dealers 
accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise which they might 
otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus, any such statement or any such act or omission. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Co-
Arrangers or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation 
as it deems necessary. None of the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantors during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any 
of the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers. None of the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers makes any representation as to 
the suitability of any Notes issued as “Green Notes” to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required 
by prospective investors. None of the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers have undertaken, or are responsible for, any 
assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects (as defined in 
Part IX – ‘Green Financing Framework’) meet the eligibility criteria or any monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
 
1 
Please refer to Articles 6:1 and 6:2 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code in relation to the nature and qualification of the 
cooperative company and the fact that shareholders of a cooperative company are only bound by their contribution in such company.

--- Page 3 ---
Important information 
3 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantors or such other information as is in the public domain and, 
if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Guarantors or any of the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantors 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer or the Guarantors since the date hereof or 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. If at any time during 
the life of the Programme the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Co-
Arrangers or the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken 
to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement and all information contained in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where the currency for principal and/or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices, interest rates and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation, by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules.

--- Page 4 ---
Important information 
4 
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
come, are required by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Co-Arrangers and the Dealers to inform themselves about 
and to observe any such restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
Part XI – ‘Subscription and sale’. 
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any U.S. State securities laws. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Notes may not be offered or sold within the United States. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA and UK retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared 
a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
or in the UK and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium by any Dealer to any 
“consumer” (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek 
van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE AND TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT 
For each issue of Notes, the Dealers acting as manufacturers in respect of the Notes pursuant to MiFID II will 
produce and communicate to the Issuer the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and determine 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. The Final Terms in respect of such Notes will 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the relevant target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Co-Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
Nothing stated herein should be construed as limiting the protections granted to potential investors under 
mandatorily applicable investor protection rules, including any such rules included in MiFID II.

--- Page 5 ---
Important information 
5 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference 
rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the 
Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer and the Guarantors do not intend 
to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “euro”, 
“EUR” and “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, when 
those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total. 
The statements in this Base Prospectus with respect to market and other industry data have been accurately 
reproduced from independent industry publications and reports by research firms or other published 
independent sources and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from such sources, no facts have 
been omitted which would render such information inaccurate or misleading. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, provided that each of the Guarantors will only be responsible for the information relating to itself 
and its respective Guarantee. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantors (each of the 
Guarantors however only with respect to the information for which it is responsible), the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in English and has been translated into Dutch. The Issuer and the 
Guarantors are responsible for the consistency between the English and the Dutch language versions of this 
Base Prospectus, provided that each of the Guarantors will only be responsible for the translation of the 
information relating to itself and its respective Guarantee. Without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors for inconsistencies between the different language versions of the Base Prospectus, in case 
of inconsistencies between the English and Dutch language versions of the Base Prospectus, the English 
language version will prevail. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Issuer’s 
or Guarantors’ business strategies, trends in its business, competition and competitive advantage, regulatory 
changes and restructuring plans.

--- Page 6 ---
Important information 
6 
Words such as “believes”, “expects”, “projects”, “anticipates”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “intends”, “plans” or 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of 
identifying such statements. The Issuer nor the Guarantors intend to update these forward-looking statements 
except as may be required by applicable securities laws. 
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and 
specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied in 
forward-looking statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors could cause actual results, 
performance or achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and 
intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include: (i) the ability to maintain 
sufficient liquidity and access to capital markets; (ii) market and interest rate fluctuations; (iii) the strength of 
the global economy in general and the strength of the economy of Belgium and the Flemish Region; (iv) the 
potential impact of sovereign risk in certain European Union countries; (v) adverse rating actions by credit 
rating agencies; (vi) the ability of counterparties to meet their obligations to the Issuer, the Guarantors or the 
Fluvius Economic Group; (vii) the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, monetary, trade and tax policies, financial 
and company regulation and currency fluctuations; (viii) the possibility of the imposition of foreign exchange 
controls by government and monetary authorities; (ix) operational factors, such as systems failure, human error, 
or the failure to implement procedures properly; (x) actions taken by regulators with respect to the Issuer’s, the 
Guarantors’ and/or the Fluvius Economic Group’s business and practices; (xi) the adverse resolution of 
litigation and other contingencies; (xii) the medium- to long-term impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on the 
Fluvius Economic Group’s operations and financial position and (xiii) the Issuer’s, the Guarantors’ and/or the 
Fluvius Economic Group’s success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing. 
The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive. When evaluating forward-looking statements, investors 
should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as the other risks 
identified in this Base Prospectus. 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus which, 
in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on Euronext Brussels and to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Euronext Brussels, shall constitute a supplement as required by Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement 
Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) 
(the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer 
of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche.

--- Page 7 ---
Important information 
7 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
Table of contents 
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................... 2 
TABLE OF CONTENTS ................................................................................................................................... 8 
PART I – OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................. 9 
PART II – RISK FACTORS ..............................................................................................................................15 
PART III – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................37 
PART IV – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................40 
PART V – SETTLEMENT ................................................................................................................................72 
PART VI – FORM OF THE GUARANTEE .....................................................................................................73 
PART VII – DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS ..................................................77 
PART VIII – USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................183 
PART IX – GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK .......................................................................................184 
PART X – TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................186 
PART XI – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE......................................................................................................195 
PART XII – FORM OF FINAL TERMS .........................................................................................................198 
PART XIII – GENERAL INFORMATION .....................................................................................................208 
ANNEX – BALANCE SHEET AND INCOME STATEMENT OF EACH GUARANTOR ......................... 211

--- Page 9 ---
Overview of the Programme 
9 
PART I – OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. 
Words and expressions defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and Conditions of the Notes’ shall have the same meanings 
in this overview. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS 
Issuer: 
Fluvius System Operator CV, a cooperative company (coöperatieve 
vennootschap/société cooperative) organised under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium 
and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van 
Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour 
des 
Entreprises) 
under 
number 
0477.445.084 (RLE Ghent, section Ghent). 
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
is 
549300WSQWO0M3PK2J78. 
Guarantors: 
Notes issued by the Issuer are guaranteed on a several but not joint basis, 
subject to the pro rata limitations as set out in the Guarantees and the 
relevant Final Terms (provided that, in aggregate, the sum of the amounts of 
the Notes covered by such Guarantees in each case adds up to 100% of the 
amount of the Notes issued), by each of: 
Fluvius Antwerpen, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende 
vereniging/association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of 
Belgium, having its registered office at Antwerpsesteenweg 260, 2660 
Antwerp (Hoboken), Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for 
Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des 
Entreprises) under number 0212.704.370 (RLE Antwerp, section Antwerp). 
Fluvius Limburg, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende 
vereniging/association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of 
Belgium, having its registered office at Trichterheideweg 8, 3500 Hasselt, 
Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0207.165.769 (RLE Hasselt). 
Fluvius West, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende 
vereniging/ association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of 
Belgium, having its registered office at Noordlaan 9, 8820 Torhout, Belgium 
and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van 
Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour 
des 
Entreprises) 
under 
number 
0205.157.176 (RLE Ghent, section Ostend). 
Intercommunale Maatschappij voor Gas en Elektriciteit van het Westen 
(Gaselwest), a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ 
association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium,

--- Page 10 ---
Overview of the Programme 
10 
having its registered office at President Kennedypark 12, 8500 Kortrijk, 
Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0215.266.160 (RLE Ghent, section Kortrijk). 
Intercommunale Maatschappij voor Energievoorziening in West- en Oost-
Vlaanderen (Imewo), a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende 
vereniging/association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of 
Belgium, having its registered office at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, 
Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0215.362.368 (RLE Ghent, section Ghent). 
Intercommunale Vereniging voor Energieleveringen in Midden-Vlaanderen 
(Intergem), a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ 
association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at Franz Courtensstraat 11, 9200 Dendermonde, 
Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0220.764.971 (RLE Ghent, section Dendermonde). 
Intercommunale Vereniging voor de Energiedistributie in de Kempen en het 
Antwerpse (Iveka), a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende 
vereniging/association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of 
Belgium, having its registered office at Koningin Elisabethlei 38, 2300 
Turnhout, Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0222.030.426 (RLE Antwerp, section Turnhout). 
Iverlek, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ 
association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at Aarschotsesteenweg 58, 3012 Leuven 
(Wilsele), Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0222.343.301 (RLE Leuven). 
Provinciale Brabantse Energiemaatschappij (PBE), a mission entrusted 
association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/association chargée de mission) 
organised under the laws of Belgium, having its registered office at 
Diestsesteenweg 148, 3210 Lubbeek, Belgium and registered with the 
Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/ 
Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) under number 0203.563.111 (RLE 
Leuven). 
Riobra, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ 
association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at Oude Baan 148, 3210 Lubbeek, Belgium and 
registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van 
Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour 
des 
Entreprises) 
under 
number 
0878.051.819 (RLE Leuven). 
Sibelgas, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ 
association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at Stadhuis, Grote Markt, 1800 Vilvoorde,

--- Page 11 ---
Overview of the Programme 
11 
Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0229.921.078 (RLE Brussels). 
Principal activities of the 
Issuer and the Guarantors: 
The management and operation of multi-utility grids (distribution of 
electricity and gas, district heating, sewerage, water and data). 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). 
Co-Arrangers and Dealers: 
Belfius Bank SA/NV and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one 
or more Tranches (as defined below) or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
Paying Agent, Calculation 
Agent and Listing Agent: 
Belfius Bank SA/NV. 
Size: 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currencies) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time pursuant to 
the Programme. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement (as defined in 
Part XI – ‘Subscription and sale’). 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or a non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) issued on different issue 
dates. The Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except 
that the issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will be 
subject to identical terms in all respects. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Maturity: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note will have 
the maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that no Notes 
will be issued with a maturity of less than one year. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
Overview of the Programme 
12 
Interest:  
Notes to be issued under the Programme (i) bear interest calculated by 
reference to a fixed rate of interest (such Note, a “Fixed Rate Note”), 
(ii) bear interest calculated by reference to a floating rate of interest (such 
Note, a “Floating Rate Note”), (iii) do not bear interest (such Note, a “Zero-
Coupon Note”) or (iv) are a combination of the foregoing, depending on the 
Interest and Redemption basis specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The method of calculating interest (if any) may vary between the issue date 
and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc., including, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the ISDA 
Benchmark Supplement; or 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of 
a commercial quotation service set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero-Coupon Notes: 
Zero-Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Specified Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be (i) such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency and (ii) in any case, not less than EUR 100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank pari passu and rateably, without 
any preference among themselves, and equally with all other existing and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and

--- Page 13 ---
Overview of the Programme 
13 
future, but, in the event of insolvency, save for such obligations that may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application. 
Status of the Guarantees: 
The obligations of each Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of such Guarantor and rank and 
shall at all times rank equally with all other existing and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Guarantor from time to time 
outstanding (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law). 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Notes will be redeemed either (i) at 
100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount or (ii) at an amount per Calculation 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will state either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable, as the 
case may be (i) at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part), (ii) at 
the option of the Noteholders, (iii) at the Make-whole Redemption Amount 
(as defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’), (iv) on a 
Residual Maturity Call Optional Redemption Date (as defined in Part IV – 
‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’) and/or (v) upon a Substantial Purchase 
Event (as defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’). In case 
the Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity, the relevant Final 
Terms will state the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or by 
a clearing system and/or a participant in a clearing system in respect of the 
Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within Belgium 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer shall, subject to customary exceptions, pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross-Default: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain a cross-default provision as 
further described in Condition 9(c) (Cross-Default).

--- Page 14 ---
Overview of the Programme 
14 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en 
Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations), as amended, and 
cannot be physically delivered. The Notes will be represented exclusively by 
book entry in the records of the NBB-SSS operated by the National Bank of 
Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the “NBB-SSS”). The Notes 
can be held by their holders through direct participants in the NBB-SSS, 
whose membership extends to securities such as the Notes (each 
a “Participant”) and through other financial intermediaries which in turn 
hold the Notes through any Participant. The Notes are accepted for 
settlement through the NBB-SSS and are accordingly subject to the 
applicable Belgian regulations, including the Belgian Act of 6 August 1993 
on transactions in certain securities, its implementing Belgian Royal Decrees 
of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 (each as amended or re-enacted or as their 
application is modified by other provisions from time to time) and the Terms 
and Conditions governing the participation in the NBB-SSS and its annexes, 
as issued or modified by the NBB from time to time. The Noteholders will 
not be entitled to exchange the Notes into notes in bearer form. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and the Guarantees and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes and the Guarantees are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
Ratings: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on Euronext Brussels and to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. 
The Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to 
be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchange 
and/or market. 
US Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 1. TEFRA is not applicable to the Notes, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes. 
See Part XI – ‘Subscription and sale’.

--- Page 15 ---
Risk factors 
15 
PART II – RISK FACTORS 
This section sets out the risks which the Issuer and the Guarantors believe are specific to them, the Fluvius 
Economic Group and/or the Notes and which are deemed to be material to investors for making an informed 
investment decision in respect of Notes issued under the Programme. Any such factors may affect the Issuer’s 
and the Guarantors’ ability to fulfil their obligations under such Notes. All of these factors are contingencies 
which may or may not occur and the inability of the Issuer and the Guarantors to fulfil their obligations under 
any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered material risks by the Issuer and the 
Guarantors based on the information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to 
anticipate. 
In accordance with the requirements of the Prospectus Regulation, the most material risk factors within each 
category have been presented first according to an assessment made by the Issuer and the Guarantors based 
on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The exact order in 
which the remaining risk factors are presented is not necessarily indicative of the probability of those risks 
actually occurring or of the scope of any potential negative impact thereof. 
Prospective investors should carefully assess all of the risk factors described in this section and should also 
read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including in any documents 
incorporated by reference herein, and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision, and 
should consult with their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary. 
Terms defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and Conditions of the Notes’ shall have the same meaning where used in this 
section. Any reference to any law, decree, regulation, directive or any implementing or other legislative measure 
shall be construed as a reference to such law, decree, regulation, directive or implementing or other legislative 
measure as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated and/or replaced from time to time. 
Due to the particular structure of the Fluvius Economic Group, all risk factors set out below relate to this 
economic group as a whole and not just to the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTORS AND THE FLUVIUS ECONOMIC 
GROUP 
Risks related to the regulatory and legislative framework 
The Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ revenues, and the conduct of their activities, are dependent on actions and 
decisions of regulatory and legislative bodies. As at 31 December 2019, 89.1% of the Fluvius Economic Group’s 
revenues were derived from regulated activities (being the distribution of electricity and gas, public lighting 
and sewerage). The related risks mainly include the following: 
The Issuer and the Guarantors are subject to extensive and evolving regulations and legislation which may 
affect their operational and financial performance. 
The Issuer’s and Guarantors’ activities are subject to extensive regulations and legislation at three levels: 
European, Belgian federal and Flemish regional. For an overview of the current regulatory and legislative 
framework applicable to the Guarantors, please refer to section 4 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework 
applicable to the Guarantors’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
The applicable regulatory and legislative framework for gas and power distribution is expected to further evolve 
in the future. In the coming years, further amendments may be expected in the Flemish legislative framework

--- Page 16 ---
Risk factors 
16 
to implement the elements of the Clean Energy Package2 that fall within the regional competences, which may 
lead to increased requirements and obligations on distribution system operators (“DSOs”) such as the 
Guarantors, including regarding energy efficiency and performance, and onshore renewables. Other aspects 
related to the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ activities that might change due to legislative or regulatory measures 
are, for example, the public service obligations (the introduction of new public service obligations or the 
extension of existing ones), additional capex requirements for the Guarantors within the frameworks of the 
energy transition, the climate objectives, technological progress or others. All of such amendments may 
negatively impact the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ operations and profitability or impose substantial 
encumbrances on the operational efficiency of the Issuer and Guarantors. 
The Fluvius Economic Group is also subject to regulatory and legislative requirements in relation to their 
sewerage activities. For these activities, the applicable European and Flemish legislation requires that the 
existing sewerage systems are enhanced and that large parts of the current sewerage infrastructure are gradually 
replaced by a split system for wastewater and rain. There remain uncertainties about the timeline and volume 
of the investments that will be required for implementing these obligations and the modifications to the tariffs 
that subsequently will have to be implemented to absorb these investments. Depending on the measures which 
would be imposed and how they will be financed, such investments might lead to an adverse change in the 
Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ financial position and outcomes. For more information, please refer to section 3.4 
– ‘Organisation of the Flemish sewerage market’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’.  
For the cable television activity, the Belgian Institute for Postal Services & Telecommunication (the “BIPT”) 
takes up the role of regulator. Although its impact is currently limited, the BIPT’s regulatory impact may, 
however, become more important if and when the Issuer and/or the Guarantors engage in activities of data 
communication networks. 
Any further developments of, and changes to, the regulatory and legislative framework governing the activities 
of the Issuer and the Guarantors, as well as the interplay between regulations and legislations at the various 
levels, may cause uncertainty and can affect the activities, financial condition and results of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors as such developments and changes can impose more extensive requirements and obligations on the 
Issuer and the Guarantors. Failure to meet such regulatory and legislative requirements could also result in 
administrative actions and sanctions, which could adversely affect the Issuer and the Guarantors and, therefore, 
the position of the Noteholders as this can lead to difficulties in satisfying the payment obligations under the 
Notes. In addition, any amendment to the Belgian institutional framework, including in relation to the division 
of competences between the federal and the regional level, may also impact the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ 
roles and responsibilities. Finally, future evolutions in the Flemish context for regulating utility services, such 
as the possible merger of regulators (for energy, water, telecom, etc.) or more intense data exchanges between 
these regulators, might also impact the Issuer’s and/or Guarantors’ operations and, therefore, their financial 
position and results. 
The tariff methodology which applies for the period 2021-2024 and future regulations and legislation which do 
not respect the general principles of the European internal energy market may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ financial condition, assigned ratings, quality of services and capacity to invest in 
their activities and obtain funding. 
The revenue and profitability of the Issuer and the Guarantors are to a large extent dependent on a tariff 
methodology applied during a set tariff period (for electricity and gas distribution this is typically four years), 
 
2 
Please see section 9.2 – ‘Trends in the energy sector’ for further information on the Clean Energy Package.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk factors 
17 
which will drive the financial benefits which the Issuer and the Guarantors can accumulate in relation to their 
activities. 
The competence relating to the grid distribution tariffs for electricity and gas is with the regional regulators. In 
the Flemish Region, the Flemish Regulator of the Electricity and Gas Market (the “VREG”) is fully vested 
with the powers to determine the tariff methodology. 
Both the VREG and the Flemish Government are, however, bound by the general principles enshrined in the 
Third Energy Package3 and (for electricity) the Clean Energy Package, both consisting of a set of EU Directives 
and Regulations relating to the European internal energy market. In particular, the VREG needs to bear in mind 
that the tariff methodology should guarantee the long-term ability of the system to meet reasonable demands 
for the distribution of electricity and gas. In addition, the tariff methodology should allow the Guarantors to 
ensure the necessary investments in their networks to be carried out in a manner allowing those investments to 
ensure the viability of the networks.  
For the period 2021-2024, the VREG established an amended tariff methodology. The tariff methodology for 
example provides for a fixed cost of debt that is taken into account when calculating the allowed income of the 
Issuer and the Guarantors. Any cost of debt in excess of the percentage predetermined by the VREG cannot be 
recovered through the distribution tariffs, with adverse consequences for the Issuer and the Guarantors. For 
more information in relation to the tariff methodology for grid distribution and the underlying principles of the 
methodology, please refer to section 4.1.3 – ‘Tarification principles (2021-2024)’ in Part VII – ‘Description of 
the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
The Issuer and Guarantors are of the opinion that the financial position of the Guarantors may be negatively 
impacted by the new tariff methodology established for the period 2021-2024 as the parameters for setting the 
allowed incomes have been revised downwards by the VREG. This is expected to result in a downward trend 
for the revenues and cash flows that can be generated by the Guarantors in their regulated businesses of 
electricity and gas distribution. The new tariff methodology also inspired Moody’s and Creditreform’s decisions 
to lower the Issuer’s rating outlook from ‘stable’ to ‘negative’. For further information, please refer to 
section 7.2 – ‘Significant changes in the financial position of the Guarantors’. 
Although the tariff methodology is amended unfavourably for the Issuer and Guarantors, the VREG argues that 
the general principles of the Third Energy Package and the Clean Energy Package are still respected and that 
the methodology allows the necessary investments to be made in order to ensure the long-term viability of the 
energy distribution grids. It is uncertain, however, to what extent the general principles will still be taken into 
account by the Flemish Government and/or by the VREG with respect to future regulatory and/or legislative 
changes and tariff methodologies. 
Indeed, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors can predict how the Flemish Government, the VREG or any other 
competent authority will establish future tariff frameworks and, in particular, what the impact will be on the 
then applicable distribution tariffs. Future actions and/or interpretations by the Flemish Government and/or by 
the VREG may impact the financial condition, the assigned rating and the quality of service of the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantors and impact their capacity to invest in their activities and obtain funding. As a result, this could 
adversely affect the position of Noteholders as this could limit the possibility for the Issuer and the Guarantors 
to meet their obligations under the Notes. 
As to the sewerage tariffs, the sewerage operators themselves can decide on the tariffs, albeit within the limits 
set by the applicable tariff structure and the applicable maximum tariff. The future evolution of the maximum 
 
3 
Please see section 2.4 – ‘The Guarantors’ public law and regulatory regime’ for further information on the Third Energy Package.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk factors 
18 
tariff, if negative or insufficient to cover increased investments, entails a particular risk for the financial position 
of the Guarantors with such sewerage activities and, therefore, of the Issuer. 
The settlement of deviations from budgeted values and actual values may impact the financial condition of the 
Issuer and the Guarantors and, more specifically, their liquidity position and profitability. 
Grid distribution tariffs are set pursuant to forecasts of volumes of gas and electricity distributed over the grids, 
costs and revenues. Deviations between real volumes of gas and electricity distributed and budgeted volumes 
and between effectively incurred costs and revenues and budgeted costs and revenues can result in a “regulated 
debt” or a “regulated receivable”, which is recognised on an accrual account. The financial settlement of any 
such deviations is taken into account when setting the tariffs for the next period. In the short term, this process 
may, however, have important temporary effects on the liquidity position of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors. 
Regardless of deviations between forecasted parameters and actually incurred costs and revenues, the VREG 
takes the final decision as to whether the incurred costs and revenues are deemed reasonable to be included in 
the tariff calculation. This decision can result in the acceptance or rejection of such costs or revenues. To the 
extent that certain elements are rejected, the corresponding amounts will not be taken into account for the setting 
of tariffs for the next period. Until the date of this Base Prospectus, the VREG has rejected the costs related to 
judicial proceedings against the VREG decisions on the regulatory balances and the X’ cost savings. These 
rejected costs (combined for electricity and gas) amounted to approximately EUR 133,000 until 2019 inclusive. 
While the Issuer and/or the Guarantors can ask for a judicial review of such a decision, any such rejection of 
costs (if confirmed) may be more significant in the future and have an overall negative impact on the Issuer’s 
and the Guarantors’ profitability and, therefore, on the Noteholders (in particular where Notes are issued with 
a long maturity). For further information on how the distribution tariffs are applied, please refer to section 4.1.3 
– ‘Tarification principles (2021-2024)’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
The Issuer’s approval as operating company and the Guarantors’ DSOs licenses may be terminated early or 
not renewed, which would have negative consequences on the Issuer’s and the relevant Guarantors’ activities 
and revenue streams. 
The Guarantors4 were originally appointed (“licensed”) as DSOs on 5 September 2002 (for electricity) and on 
14 October 2003 (for gas) for a period of twelve years, each time pursuant to a decision of the VREG. These 
appointments were renewed upon the expiry of the twelve-year period. 
The Guarantors’ DSO licenses for electricity were renewed on 30 September 2014 (PBE), 27 January 2015 
(Fluvius West), 3 February 2015 (Gaselwest, Intergem, Imewo, Iverlek, Iveka and Sibelgas), 24 February 2015 
(Fluvius Limburg) and 25 April 2019 (Fluvius Antwerpen). All renewals are for a twelve-year period starting 
on 5 September 2014 and expiring on 5 September 2026.5 All Guarantors’ DSO licenses for gas were renewed 
on 29 September 2015, except for Fluvius Antwerpen, whose license was renewed on 25 April 2019, and PBE, 
which does not hold a license for gas. An amendment to the license of Fluvius Antwerpen was confirmed by 
the VREG on 28 January 2020 to allow for the transfer of four municipalities from Iveka to Fluvius Antwerpen. 
All renewals are for a twelve-year period starting on 14 October 2015 and expiring on 14 October 2027. 
The Issuer was approved as the operating company of the individual Guarantors pursuant to a decision of the 
VREG of 26 June 2018 for a duration parallel to the duration of the appointment of the individual Guarantors 
as DSO for electricity and/or gas. The VREG can withdraw its approval of the Issuer as operating company if 
 
4 
With the exception of Riobra, which has no operations in energy distribution. 
5 
For the sake of completeness, it can be noted that Fluvius Limburg was finally appointed as DSO for the territory of the municipality of Voeren 
by a decision of the VREG of 7 November 2016, for a twelve-year period starting on 1 January 2016 and expiring on 1 January 2028.

--- Page 19 ---
Risk factors 
19 
the Issuer no longer complies with the criteria of its appointment (i.e., the same as for the DSO license and 
regarding the control of the DSO over the operating company) and the unbundling requirements. 
The DSO license is automatically terminated in the event of bankruptcy6, liquidation or merger. In addition, the 
VREG can revoke a Guarantor’s DSO license in accordance with the Energy Decree in each of the following 
circumstances: 
(i) 
a significant change in the shareholding of the DSO or its operating company that may jeopardise the 
independent grid operation or the data management activities; 
(i) 
a heavy breach by the DSO or its operating company of its obligations under the Energy Decree and 
implementing legislation; and 
(ii) 
a heavy breach of compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation7 (the “GDPR”). 
If the license of a Guarantor as a DSO or the approval of the Issuer as the Guarantors’ operating company is 
terminated before the expiry of the appointment or approval or is not renewed upon termination, there may be 
material, negative consequences on the Issuer’s and the relevant Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams. 
This could lead to the inability for the Issuer and the Guarantors to satisfy their payment obligations under the 
Notes. In addition, this may adversely impact the return which a Noteholder may receive. Any such impact 
would be even more significant where the licenses of the Guarantors and the approval of the Issuer as the 
Guarantors’ operating company would be terminated at the same time. 
The Guarantors cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings, which impacts the enforceability possibilities for 
Noteholders in relation to the Guarantors. 
Due to their non-commercial nature, the Guarantors are not considered merchants by the Flemish Decree of 
22 December 2017 on local government, as amended8 (the “Local Government Decree”). The Guarantors 
cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings as they do not constitute enterprises under Book XX of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law. This means that, in case of a default of a Guarantor, the enforcement possibilities for 
Noteholders in relation to the relevant Guarantor will be limited, which can impact the return they would receive 
on their Notes. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The enforcement of the Guarantees is subject to 
limitations stemming from the particular nature of the Guarantors”. 
Investors should, however, note that the winding-up or dissolution of any of the Guarantors or any of the 
Guarantors ceasing or threatening to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except 
for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, consolidation or 
solvent reorganisation, constitutes an Event of Default under the Conditions of the Notes. 
The Guarantors and, potentially, the Issuer benefit from immunity of execution, which impacts enforcement 
options for Noteholders. 
The Guarantors are public law entities. Under Belgian law, such entities have the duty at all times to perform 
their tasks of public service (based on the concept of the continuity of the public service). Pursuant to 
Article 1412bis of the Belgian Judicial Code, assets owned by a public law entity (such as the Guarantors) 
benefit from an immunity of execution as a result of which they cannot be seized. This immunity of execution 
 
6 
It should be noted that in their current capacity the Guarantors are not subject to bankruptcy proceedings. Please also refer to the risk factor 
entitled “The Guarantors cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings, which impacts the enforceability possibilities for Noteholders in 
relation to the Guarantors”. 
7 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to 
the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC. 
8 
Decreet van 22 december 2017 over het lokaal bestuur.

--- Page 20 ---
Risk factors 
20 
does not apply to assets that are manifestly not useful for the performance or the continuity of the public service, 
and is not to be considered as an immunity of jurisdiction. Investors should note that almost all of the assets for 
electricity distribution, gas distribution, public lighting and sewerage are deemed to fall within this category of 
non-seizable assets, amounting to more than 80% as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The above has as a consequence that for example the distribution grid infrastructure (such as cables and 
pipelines) owned by a Guarantor cannot be seized by the Noteholders in case of default. Although this limits 
the enforcement by creditors of the obligations of the Guarantors, the benefit is that the relevant Guarantor will 
be in a position to continue performing its duties of public service and, thus, generating revenues. 
Given the Issuer’s activities, there may be an argument that the Issuer’s assets would also benefit from immunity 
of execution. This argument is not entirely convincing, mainly because the Issuer is not a public law entity. The 
immunity of execution of the Issuer can, however, not be excluded if and to the extent the Issuer’s properties 
or assets are deemed essential for the performance of its public service obligations, which could limit the 
enforcement possibilities of Noteholders in case of a default. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The enforcement of the Guarantees is subject to limitations stemming 
from the particular nature of the Guarantors”. 
The Issuer, regulatory changes or legislative changes may initiate a possible merger of DSOs leading to a likely 
tariff harmonisation which may alter the Fluvius Economic Group’s financial position and prospects. 
It cannot be excluded that the Issuer will in the future initiate a process for merging some or all of the current 
Guarantors, with a potential impact on the tariffs applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. If such a merger, 
either involving some or all DSOs, is implemented, the competent regulator(s) may impose additional measures 
on the Issuer and/or the relevant Guarantors, e.g. in the form of extra cost savings, additional restrictions on 
operations, etc. Such measures might be harmful to the Issuer’s and or the Guarantors’ financials and prospects. 
In this respect, regulatory or legislative changes could also put forward the requirement of mergers and/or 
restructurings. This could then have an impact on the revenues and, therefore, the financial position of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors, potentially impacting their possibility to satisfy the obligations under the Notes. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, no such merger plans, either at the initiative of the Fluvius Economic Group 
or initiated by a public authority, are, to the knowledge of the Issuer, contemplated. Please also refer to 
section 2.2 – ‘A brief history of the Guarantors’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
A failure of the Issuer to remain appointed as operating company of the Guarantors would seriously endanger 
the Issuer’s viability. 
The Guarantors as the Issuer’s shareholders have appointed the Issuer as their operating company. This 
appointment is in line with the Flemish Decree of 8 May 2009 containing general provisions on energy policy, 
as amended9 (the “Energy Decree”) which enables DSOs to make use of a common operating company. 
There is, however, a remote risk that some or all of the Guarantors which are currently using the Issuer as their 
operating company decide to terminate their cooperation with the Issuer. Any such termination would seriously 
endanger the Issuer’s viability and its ability to repay the principal and/or the interest (if any) on the Notes, as 
this would impact its revenues from the Guarantors and, therefore, its overall financial position. 
In practice, this risk is mitigated for Noteholders by the continued existence of the Guarantees and the fact that 
every termination of cooperation by a Guarantor requires the approval by the General Shareholders’ Meeting 
of the relevant Guarantor with a majority of at least 75 per cent. It is, however, not excluded that notwithstanding 
 
9 
Decreet van 8 mei 2009 houdende algemene bepalingen betreffende het energiebeleid.

--- Page 21 ---
Risk factors 
21 
these restrictions the appointment of the Issuer as operating company would be terminated. In such case, the 
position and duties of the Guarantors would in principle not be called into question as the Guarantees would 
remain binding contractual obligations notwithstanding such termination. Noteholders could therefore, in case 
the Issuer cannot satisfy its obligations under the Notes, call upon the Guarantees. Investors should furthermore 
note that failure to remain appointed as operating company constitutes an Event of Default under the Conditions 
of the Notes. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The Issuer’s approval as operating company and the Guarantors’ 
DSOs licenses may be terminated early or not renewed, which would have negative consequences on the Issuer’s 
and the relevant Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams”. 
The fixed duration of a Guarantor may not be extended, or the Guarantors may fail to retain their participating 
members, which could weaken their overall credit quality. 
In line with their legal obligations, the Guarantors have been established for a limited but renewable duration 
of eighteen years. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the termination dates of the respective Guarantors are 
as follows: 29 March 2037 for Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, Intergem, 
Imewo, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE and Sibelgas and 24 November 2023 for Riobra. For further information, please 
refer to section 2.4 – ‘The Guarantors’ public law and regulatory regime’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors’. 
If the shareholders of a Guarantor do not decide, in accordance with the procedure contained in the relevant 
articles of association, to renew the duration of the relevant Guarantor at the said termination date, the relevant 
Guarantor will be put into liquidation. Furthermore, even if a Guarantor’s shareholders decide to renew the 
duration of that Guarantor, each of the participating public authorities has the right to step out of a Guarantor at 
its current statutory termination date. 
If the decision is made not to renew the duration or if a participating public authority decides to step out of the 
Guarantor, this may have a considerable impact on the scale and the operating profits of the relevant Guarantor 
and the Issuer. The share in the estate of a Guarantor to which any resigning participating public authority is 
entitled upon its resignation in such Guarantor will be calculated by reference to the net assets of the relevant 
Guarantor, including the rights and obligations linked to that share. Given the fact that the proceeds of the Notes 
will be on-lent by the Issuer to the Guarantors, the net assets of each of the Guarantors will reflect the proceeds 
of the Notes which have been on-lent to them. 
Future public service obligations may require the Issuer and the Guarantors to pre-finance certain costs vis-à-
vis their customers, having a negative impact on their liquidity position. 
The Flemish Government has imposed a number of public service obligations on the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
These obligations are, amongst other things, related to public lighting, the rollout of digital meters, social 
measures (such as the placement of budget meters), the financial support for the development of renewable 
energy and the Guarantors’ role as supplier of last resort. For further information on certain of these obligations, 
please also refer to section 3.6 – ‘Other activities of the Issuer and the Guarantors’ in Part VII – ‘Description of 
the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
Such future public service obligations can potentially lead to substantial pre-financing needs at the level of the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantors and therefore the incurrence of additional debt on a short and/or long term. A 
deteriorating debt profile may lead to a lower credit rating and higher funding costs for the Fluvius Economic 
Group. 
As a financial support mechanism, the Flemish Government has introduced a system of green certificates and 
combined heat and power certificates. To support the secondary market for these certificates (which had become 
inefficient) and incentivise investment in renewables, an obligation was placed on the Guarantors to purchase

--- Page 22 ---
Risk factors 
22 
those certificates at a guaranteed minimum price, combined with a banking obligation. This entails a mechanism 
whereby financial expenses are incurred, which can only be recovered (wholly or in part) by the Guarantors at 
a later date (i.e., in the next tariff period), therefore impacting their liquidity position. For further information 
in relation to the impact of the green and co-generation certificate support mechanism imposed by the Flemish 
authorities, please also refer to section 4.1.3 – ‘Tarification principles (2021-2024)’ in Part VII – ‘Description 
of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
The costs (including prepayments) incurred for the performance of public service obligations by the Issuer and 
the Guarantors are, in principle, fully passed on to the end-consumers through the distribution tariffs. The Issuer 
and the Guarantors can ask the VREG to adapt the tariffs to cover any gaps between expenses and tariff revenues 
caused by the performance of these public service obligations. To the extent that there would be a timing 
difference between the incurrence and the recovery of such costs (as the case may be, in the next tariff period), 
the costs would have to be pre-financed by the Issuer and/or the Guarantors and, consequently, may negatively 
impact the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantors’ financial position. 
The Guarantors’ reserves for costs related to compliance with environmental and city planning laws may be 
insufficient. 
The Issuer and Guarantors may be affected by expenditures needed to keep up with environmental and city 
planning laws and regulations, including costs associated with implementing preventive or curative measures, 
permit refusals or settling third-party claims. This arises, for example, in connection with the exercise of the 
right of the Guarantors to use the subsurface for the distribution of electricity and gas. The Guarantors attempt 
to exercise this right in consultation with the local authorities in order to determine the most acceptable solutions 
taking into account the specific circumstances, which are not necessarily the most cost-efficient. 
The Guarantors’ policy has been developed and is monitored in such a way as to manage these regulatory risks 
in the most effective way. Where a Guarantor is in any way liable for decontamination, the appropriate 
provisions are created. As at 30 June 2020, these provisions amounted to EUR 8,981,563 (calculated according 
to IFRS) (compared to EUR 9,163,000 (calculated according to IFRS) as at 31 December 2019). It is, however, 
not excluded that these provisions are insufficient. Furthermore, amendments to environmental and city 
planning laws or regulations may have as a consequence that the relevant Guarantor has to create additional 
contingency reserves, impacting the financial condition of the relevant Guarantor and potentially resulting in 
adverse consequences to the Issuer. 
Operational risks related to the business activities of the Fluvius Economic Group 
The Issuer operates facilities that may cause significant harm to its personnel or third parties. 
The Issuer operates facilities that may cause significant harm to the human environment or for which accidents 
or external attacks may have serious consequences. Incidents in this respect might also have judicial 
consequences and result in claims by third parties for damage compensation payments. The Issuer permanently 
tries to mitigate this type of risks by investing in the training of its own staff and personnel of the subcontractors 
it employs in the areas of security processes, the correct use of infrastructure and tools, and correct signalisation. 
Despite all of these precautionary measures, however, incidents cannot be entirely ruled out. 
Since the gas and electricity distribution systems operated by the Issuer cover large geographic areas, and 
although all reasonable precautions and safety measures have been put in place, these are vulnerable to possible 
acts of sabotage or terrorism. Any such acts may significantly disrupt the continuity of service and impact the 
Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ business, with potentially adverse consequences for the Noteholders if the Issuer 
and the Guarantors are as a consequence thereof not able to satisfy their obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk factors 
23 
The ICT systems and processes used by the Issuer, which are essential for its operations, may fail. 
The Issuer’s operations depend, to a large extent, on its ICT systems (including hardware and software, but also 
a glass fibre network used for communication purposes). These ICT systems are essential for an efficient and 
reliable operation of the electricity and gas networks operated by the Issuer. A failure in its ICT systems or 
processes may result in below-par quality of service and a discontinuity of service delivery to end consumers 
with the potential to negatively impact the financial performance of the Issuer. This financial impact could, for 
example, follow from the requirement for the Issuer to undertake (substantial) investments in order to solve the 
relevant problems and/or from penalisations imposed by the regulator. Any failure may furthermore lead to a 
negative market perception of the Issuer. 
The Issuer has taken extensive protective measures with a view to safeguard its ICT systems. These measures 
cannot, however, guarantee that system failures will not occur. The Issuer has furthermore prepared a business 
continuity planning which contains an extensive set of measures in case of a failure of its ICT systems and 
processes. This tool should enable the Issuer to resume its activities as soon as possible and to the largest extent 
possible in the case of a calamity, but these will likely not be able to prevent any impact on the Issuer’s systems 
and the Fluvius Economic Group’s activities as a whole. 
The Issuer’s databases may be deficient or may be hacked, members of the Fluvius Economic Group may be in 
breach of the GDPR and the data managed by the Issuer may be incorrect. 
The Fluvius Economic Group collects and stores sensitive data, its own business data, data relating to its 
customers and data of its suppliers and business partners in internal databases. Such data relate, for example, to 
usage, customer addresses and the status of customers as protected customer. The sensitivity of these data 
increases with the rollout of the digital meters, as this allows the Fluvius Economic Group to collect additional 
and more detailed usage data per end customer. 
In this respect, the different entities of the Fluvius Economic Group are subject to several privacy and data 
protection rules and regulations, including the GDPR. The Energy Decree lists a number of tasks of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors in relation to data management. In addition, it imposes specific obligations in relation to 
confidentiality of commercially sensitive information, non-discrimination and the processing of personal data 
obtained from digital, electronic and analogous meters, in accordance with the GDPR. Compliance with these 
obligations is monitored and sanctioned by the VREG (subject to certain specific powers of the responsible 
officer for data protection and the Flemish Privacy Commission) and require continuous adaptation of the 
processes and the putting in place of new processes to ensure compliance. Non-compliance can have a far-
reaching impact, taking into account the fact that the VREG can revoke a Guarantor’s DSO license in 
accordance with the Energy Decree in case of a heavy breach of compliance with the GDPR. In this respect, 
please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The Issuer’s approval as operating company and the Guarantors’ 
DSOs licenses may be terminated early or not renewed, which would have negative consequences on the Issuer’s 
and the relevant Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams”. 
If the data in the databases turn out to be insufficient or incorrect, such a situation may severely hinder the 
Issuer and the Guarantors in carrying out their duties, which is expected to result in extra costs or losses. In this 
respect, contractual agreements have been put in place between the grid operators and the relevant commercial 
energy suppliers regarding incorrect data being supplied by the former to the latter. The information contained 
in the databases might furthermore lead to possible intrusions on privacy of consumers, in particular taking into 
account the potentially sensitive nature thereof. Finally, important system hardware and software failures, 
failure of compliance processes, computer viruses, malware, cyber-attacks, accidents or security breaches could 
occur. Any such events could impair the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to provide all or part of their 
services and may in general result in a breach of their legal and/or contractual obligations.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk factors 
24 
Although the Issuer has taken extensive precautions to keep its databases up-to-date and protected and to 
prevent breaches of privacy, it cannot be excluded that such breaches do occur and that, consequently, the Issuer 
will be faced with claims in this respect. In case of inadequacies or loss, the Issuer’s operations may be severely 
hindered, which can potentially adversely affect its financial position and therefore hamper its potential to 
satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
A failure to achieve the cost savings target from the integration process of Eandis System Operator and Infrax 
into the Issuer may negatively affect the Issuer’s operational and financial position. 
The integration process for both ex-companies into the Issuer, being Eandis System Operator CVBA and 
Infrax CVBA, involves a number of operational and policy challenges and risks, among others related to the 
integration of ICT systems, operational procedures and processes. Through its tariff methodology for the 
distribution of gas and electricity, the VREG has set a concrete cost savings target for the Issuer and the 
Guarantors. If the Issuer and/or the Guarantors do not succeed in reaching this cost savings target in a timely 
manner, the balance between the cost savings imposed by the VREG and the actual cost savings realised will 
have to be borne by the Guarantors. Such a situation would negatively impact the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantors’ 
operational and financial position, which may hamper their ability to satisfy their obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer’s financial position may be impacted by the development of new, non-regulated activities. 
Other than its core regulated activities (i.e., the distribution of electricity and gas, public lighting, district 
heating, sewerage and cable television infrastructure), the Issuer is currently developing and might in the future 
develop a number of new, non-regulated activities, such as the building of an advanced and fast data network. 
For further information on the fast data network, please refer to section 4.3 – ‘Regulatory and contractual 
framework for Flemish CATV intermunicipalities’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
Although at the date of this Base Prospectus these activities only account for a marginal part of the Issuer’s 
revenues, it cannot be ruled out that any such activities or the development of additional non-regulated activities 
might have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s financial position, as these could require additional and potentially 
substantial investments. Consequently, this can impact the Noteholders if these activities are not successful 
from either a technical, commercial and/or financial point of view, given that this might then hamper the 
possibility for the Issuer to satisfy its payment obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer may incur significant losses if it cannot succeed in attracting and retaining enough qualified and 
competent personnel. 
The Issuer pursues an active recruitment policy which aims at maintaining an appropriate level of expertise and 
knowhow in a tight labour market, given the highly specialised nature of its businesses. The correct execution 
and quality of the Issuer’s operational tasks and, thus, its financial results, depend to a certain degree on the 
knowhow, expertise and level of training of technical and other employee profiles. This dependency will even 
increase in relation to the quality incentive which is incorporated in the regulated tariff methodology for 
electricity and gas distribution as from 2021 onwards. 
If, however, the Issuer does not succeed in attracting and retaining the staff required for its activities and, 
potentially, the expansion of its operations, the Issuer might be faced with additional expenses for outsourcing, 
intensified recruitment, training, etc., which may prove to be substantial. Furthermore, if the Issuer 
unexpectedly loses the services of one or more key individuals from a managerial or operational point of view, 
this may hamper the Issuer’s ability to successfully execute its business strategy and to maintain its current or 
expected operational activity level, which may also give rise to a negative market perception. Any such 
circumstances may thereby also have an adverse effect on the Noteholders if these would negatively impact the 
Issuer’s financial condition.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk factors 
25 
The ongoing Covid-19 pandemic may adversely affect the Fluvius Economic Group’s business activities, 
revenues and/or outlook. 
The disease caused by the novel coronavirus (“Covid-19”) was declared a pandemic by the World Health 
Organisation in March 2020 and has had and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, continues to have a 
materially adverse and highly uncertain impact on the global, Belgian and Flemish economy. 
The spread of Covid-19 has resulted in a sharp economic downturn as well as causing increased volatility and 
declines in financial markets. Governments in affected areas have imposed a number of measures designed to 
contain the outbreak, including business closures, travel restrictions, prohibitions of gatherings and events, and 
lockdowns. Although governments (including in Flanders and Belgium) were starting to lift various restrictions, 
a new wave of infections required them to take further actions. The timing of any subsequent lifting of 
restrictions remains uncertain as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Taking into account the government restrictions, the Fluvius Economic Group implemented actions to maintain 
business continuity in order to protect the health and safety of its staff, customers and contractors, including 
enhancing to a maximum extent the possibility for its (primarily administrative) staff to work from home. 
However, the scope and duration of the Covid-19 spread after the date of this Base Prospectus remains a major 
factor of uncertainty. Possible flare-ups of the virus might once again trigger restrictive measures being imposed 
by the public authorities, negatively impacting economic activities, energy consumption in general and the 
Fluvius Economic Group’s financial position specifically (e.g. because of decreasing revenues due to decreasing 
energy consumption volumes, additional non-budgeted expenses to counter the impact of the virus, etc.). 
Investors should, however, note that the bulk of Fluvius Economic Group’s cash flows and financial 
performance is realised within a well-defined regulated context. Revenue decreases due to a reduction of energy 
consumption might affect the Fluvius Economic Group’s liquidity position, but such revenue decreases as a 
consequence of volume differences (i.e., the differences between volumes estimated ex ante in the tariff 
proposals submitted to the regulator and the actual volumes registered ex post) are in principle fully recoverable 
in subsequent tariff periods. 
The Issuer will closely monitor these developments and take all appropriate measures if and when necessary to 
ensure business continuity, health and safety, and sound financials. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
however, there is significant uncertainty as to the medium- and long-term effects of the Covid-19 pandemic on 
the global economy and the degree to which this will impact the Fluvius Economic Group. 
Failures of corporate governance at the level of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors may occur, leading to 
suboptimal operational and other performance or penalisations from public authorities. 
Although the Issuer and the Guarantors have put in place an extensive set of detailed governance rules and 
procedures, it cannot be completely ruled out that for example an inadequate treatment of complaints, an 
inadequate functioning of their audit or governance bodies, an inefficiency in their company administration or 
other corporate governance elements materialise. For the Fluvius Economic Group, a set of specific corporate 
governance rules and obligations applies, which are issued by competent legislators and regulators, due to their 
public service tasks and monopoly status. If any such risk materialises, this may have adverse consequences on 
the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantors’ interests or on the licenses awarded to the Issuer and/or the Guarantors, with 
potential adverse effects on Noteholders. In relation to the licenses of the Guarantors, please also refer to the 
risk factor entitled “The Issuer’s approval as operating company and the Guarantors’ DSOs licenses may be 
terminated early or not renewed, which would have negative consequences on the Issuer’s and the relevant 
Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams”. 
For further information on the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ corporate governance rules, please refer to 
section 1.3 – ‘The Issuer’s corporate structure’ and section 2.4 – ‘The Guarantors’ public law and regulatory 
regime’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk factors 
26 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Fluvius Economic Group 
The level of outstanding financial debt of the Issuer and the Guarantors and their ability to issue further debt 
or securities or borrow additional funds may impact their ability to satisfy their payment obligations under the 
Notes and may increase the risk that the Issuer’s rating will be downgraded. 
On 30 June 2020, the aggregate financial indebtedness10 of the Fluvius Economic Group, calculated according 
to IFRS, amounted to EUR 6,344.5 million (compared to EUR 6,288.8 million as at 31 December 2019). As at 
30 June 2020, EUR 404.5 million of long-term loans was due within one year (compared to EUR 410.5 million 
as at 31 December 2019). As at 30 June 2020, the ratio of long-term and short-term debt to equity of the Fluvius 
Economic Group, calculated according to IFRS, was 0.933 (compared to 0.981 as at 31 December 2019). For 
further information on the financial debt of the Fluvius Economic Group, please refer to section 5.5 – ‘Financing 
policy of the Fluvius Economic Group’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
The outstanding level of debt of the Issuer and the Guarantors might: 
• 
make it more difficult for the Issuer and the Guarantors to satisfy their obligations under the Notes, 
including with respect to interest payments (if any); 
• 
somewhat limit their ability to obtain additional financing to operate their business; 
• 
to a certain degree limit their financial flexibility in planning for and reacting to industry changes; 
• 
increase their vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and 
• 
require them to dedicate a substantial portion of their cash flows to payments on debt, reducing the 
availability of their cash flows for other purposes. 
The Conditions do not prohibit the Issuer or the Guarantors from issuing further debt or securities or contracting 
additional indebtedness in the form of bank loans, which, in each case, may or may not be secured. Condition 3 
(Negative Pledge) only requires the Issuer and the Guarantors to grant the same security (or other security 
approved by the Noteholders by way of an Extraordinary Resolution) to the Noteholders in respect of the Notes 
in the event that security is granted for other indebtedness in the form of capital markets instruments (subject 
to certain exceptions set out in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)), but not when the Issuer or the Guarantors grant 
any security for bank loans. If the Issuer or the Guarantors would grant security for any bank loans contracted 
by any of them, the creditors of such secured loans would in case of enforcement have priority over the secured 
assets. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the Guarantors do not have secured financings and 
it is not the policy of the Issuer or the Guarantors to grant security in relation to their financings. 
Any financings currently outstanding and any future financings of the Issuer and the Guarantors may include 
similar but also different terms than the Notes. They typically include customary events of default, such as in 
relation to insolvency proceedings and cross-defaults. In circumstances where such events of default are 
triggered, this will impact the Issuer’s and/or the relevant Guarantors’ financial position and their potential to 
satisfy their obligations under the Notes. While as at the date of this Base Prospectus none of the financings 
include financial covenants, it cannot be excluded that future financings may include specific financial 
covenants. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Potential conflicts of interest could have 
an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders”. 
In addition, a significant increase of the overall indebtedness of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors may negatively 
affect the market value of the Notes, may increase the risk that the rating of the Issuer will be downgraded and 
may have as a consequence that the Issuer and the Guarantors will be unable to meet their debt obligations. In 
 
10 Defined as the aggregate of current and non-current interest-bearing loans and borrowings.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk factors 
27 
this respect, please also refer to the risk factors entitled “Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and a negative 
change in or withdrawal of a credit rating may adversely affect the trading price of the Notes”, “If the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors do not generate positive cash flows, potentially because of deteriorating market 
conditions, they will be unable to fulfil their debt obligations” and “Difficulties in accessing funding or receiving 
funding against acceptable terms may have an adverse impact on the investment possibilities of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors and create problems in the correct payments due under their outstanding debt 
instruments”. 
If the Issuer and/or the Guarantors do not generate positive cash flows, potentially because of deteriorating 
market conditions, they will be unable to fulfil their debt obligations. 
The ability of the Issuer and the Guarantors to pay principal and interest (if any) on the Notes and to pay 
outstanding amounts on their other debt depends primarily on the regulatory framework and the regulated 
tariffs, as well as on their future operating performance. In this respect, investors should note that the Issuer 
generates cash flows on behalf of the Guarantors whereby its services are charged at zero-margin and with a 
net result of zero. Please also refer to the risk factors entitled “The Issuer and the Guarantors are subject to 
extensive and evolving regulations and legislation which may affect their operational and financial 
performance” and “The Issuer’s approval as operating company and the Guarantors’ DSOs licenses may be 
terminated early or not renewed, which would have negative consequences on the Issuer’s and the relevant 
Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams”. 
The potential for the Issuer and the Guarantors to generate positive cash flows will also be impacted by changing 
circumstances in the credit markets (as far as access to financing is concerned) and the level of the outstanding 
debt of the Issuer and the Guarantors, which can make the access to financing more expensive than anticipated 
and could result in greater financial vulnerability. Consequently, it is possible that the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantors will not have sufficient cash flows to pay the principal, premium (if any) and interest (if any) on 
their debt. If the cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to allow the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to 
make scheduled payments on their debt, the Issuer and the Guarantors may have to reduce or delay capital 
expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance their debt. It is, however, possible 
that the terms of their debt do not allow these alternative measures or that such measures would not satisfy their 
scheduled debt service obligations. 
If the Issuer and/or the Guarantors cannot make scheduled payments on their debt because they are not able to 
generate positive cash flows, also taking into account potential deteriorating market conditions affecting such 
cash flows, they will be in default and, as a result thereof: 
• 
their debt holders could declare all outstanding principal and interest (if any) to be due and payable; 
and 
• 
their lenders could terminate their commitments. 
This will then impact the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantors’ financial position and their potential to satisfy their 
obligations under the Notes. 
Difficulties in accessing funding or receiving funding against acceptable terms may have an adverse impact on 
the investment possibilities of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors and on the possibility for the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantors to satisfy their payment obligations under their outstanding debt instruments. 
Funding risk is the risk that the Issuer and/or the Guarantors will be unable to access the funds that they need 
when it comes to refinance their debt, to attract new funding if needed or through the failure to meet the terms 
of their credit facilities.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk factors 
28 
In this respect, the Issuer and the Guarantors also face a certain degree of market risk insofar that they are 
constrained by prevailing market conditions (on interest rates, market volatility and others) when they 
contemplate the issuance of debt, whether for a short-term or a long-term. These market conditions might 
temporarily hamper or rule out the possibility for the Issuer and the Guarantors to attract the necessary funding 
at the appropriate moment and at attractive pricing levels. 
Any such situation might hamper the execution of the necessary grid or other investments and/or limit their 
possibility to satisfy their payment obligations under their outstanding debt instruments. Please also refer to the 
risk factors entitled “The level of outstanding financial debt of the Issuer and the Guarantors and their ability 
to issue further debt or securities or borrow additional funds may impact their ability to satisfy their payment 
obligations under the Notes and may increase the risk that the Issuer’s rating will be downgraded” and “A 
failure of the Issuer to remain appointed as operating company of the Guarantors would seriously endanger 
the Issuer’s viability”. 
As part of the mitigation efforts regarding the funding risk, the Issuer and the Guarantors aim at a diversification 
of financing sources. Short-term liquidity risk is managed on a daily basis with funding needs being fully 
covered through the availability of committed credit lines and a non-committed commercial paper programme. 
Cash is maintained, where necessary, to guarantee the solvency and flexibility of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
at all times. For further information on the financial debt and the financing policy of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors, please refer to section 5.5 – ‘Financing policy of the Fluvius Economic Group’ in Part VII – 
‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’.  
Interest rate fluctuations may negatively impact the Issuer taking into account the fact that the Fluvius 
Economic Group borrows both at fixed and variable interest rates. 
The Fluvius Economic Group is exposed to interest rate risk because entities in the Fluvius Economic Group 
borrow funds at both fixed and variable interest rates. Taking into account market circumstances, fluctuations 
may have a significant negative impact. For an overview of the financial debt outstanding at the level of the 
Issuer and the Guarantors, please refer to section 5.5 – ‘Financing policy of the Fluvius Economic Group’ in 
Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
To minimise the potential negative impact of interest rate fluctuations, the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ 
management strive to achieve an optimal ratio of fixed and variable interest rates. Furthermore, interest rate 
swaps have been entered into in relation to all outstanding loans with a variable interest rate, but it is not certain 
whether this will fully eliminate the risk. 
Post-retirement arrangements may lead to investment risks and interest rate risks for the Issuer. 
At the level of the Issuer, a number of post-retirement arrangements (pensions and other compensations) are in 
place for the benefit of its former and current employees. These arrangements are both of the ‘defined benefit’ 
and ‘defined contribution’ type. These arrangements are financed by contributions by employer and employees 
alike which are being collected in pension funds. As at 30 June 2020, the employee benefit liabilities totalled 
EUR 809.4 million (compared to EUR 774.0 million as at 31 December 2019). For further information on the 
employee benefit liabilities, please refer to the Fluvius Economic Group’s financial statements which are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
For the ‘defined benefits’ arrangements, the Issuer is faced with an investment risk, in that the beneficiaries 
have a right to a pre-defined financial target amount at retirement which the Issuer is guaranteeing irrespective 
of the market interest rates. The defined benefit schemes can also be impacted by the risk of future wage 
evolutions, since every wage increase results in an increase of the Issuer’s financial obligations towards the 
relevant participants.

--- Page 29 ---
Risk factors 
29 
For the ‘defined contribution’ arrangements, the Issuer faces the risk of having to meet the interest rates 
guaranteed by Belgian law, irrespective of financial market conditions.  
In addition to these risks, the Issuer’s obligations for pension and related post-retirement benefits are also 
impacted by the estimates on life expectancy used. A rise in life expectancy for the participants in the pension 
schemes results in an increase of the Issuer’s financial obligations. 
The Issuer, with the assistance of the pension fund managers involved, tries to mitigate these risks by closely 
monitoring the evolutions of the underlying parameters and to take all appropriate actuarial measures best suited 
to minimise the risks. 
For further information, please refer to note 26 (Employee benefit liabilities) of the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Guarantors may encounter difficulties in meeting their financial liabilities because of credit 
risk and issues in relation to their capital structure. 
In the framework of their normal business, the Issuer and the Guarantors face credit, capital structure and 
liquidity risk. 
The credit risk faced by the Issuer and the Guarantors stems from uncertainties on the liquidity and solvability 
of their counterparties. In 2019, two customers together achieved 55% of the turnover for the electricity segment 
and four customers together achieved 64% of the turnover for the gas segment (compared to 2018, when one 
customer achieved 42% of the turnover for the electricity segment and three customers together achieved 64% 
of the turnover for the gas segment). For more details on the amounts of receivables, please refer to the financial 
accounts of the Fluvius Economic Group which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The 
Issuer and the Guarantors periodically assess their balance sheet structure in this respect, but have no certainty 
as to the appropriateness of this structure in relation to their activities and funding needs. In this regard, there 
is a risk that the Issuer and/or the Guarantors may encounter difficulties in meeting their financial liabilities. 
The Issuer and the Guarantors try to limit this risk to the extent possible by scrutinising cash flows continually 
and by making sure that credit facilities are available, but it is not certain whether these factors will fully 
eliminate the risks. 
Furthermore, the capital structure of the Issuer and the Guarantors might – at any given time – prove to be 
suboptimal in light of regulatory requirements or the applicable tariff methodology. If and when such a situation 
occurs, it poses a risk for the Issuer and the Guarantors as the regulatory tariffs are based on a ratio of 60 per 
cent. debt and 40 per cent. equity, and any suboptimal capital structure may result in adverse consequences for 
the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEES 
Risks relating to the Notes and the Guarantees generally 
The market value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Fluvius Economic Group and 
other factors. 
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Guarantors, including a 
change in credit ratings, and a number of additional factors, such as market interest and yield rates and the time 
remaining to the maturity date and, more generally, all economic, financial and political events in any country, 
including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. 
The degree to which the Issuer and the Guarantors are permitted to issue additional indebtedness may affect

--- Page 30 ---
Risk factors 
30 
such creditworthiness. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The level of outstanding 
financial debt of the Issuer and the Guarantors and their ability to issue further debt or securities or borrow 
additional funds may impact their ability to satisfy their payment obligations under the Notes and may increase 
the risk that the Issuer’s rating will be downgraded”. 
The structure of a particular series of Notes may also cause certain Series of Notes to be more vulnerable to 
changes in market value. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factors entitled “Optional redemption 
options of the Issuer may affect the market value of the Notes” and “The market value of Notes issued at a 
substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more than Notes issued without a substantial discount or 
premium”. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, 
which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. 
The payment of all amounts in respect of the Notes is guaranteed on a several but not joint basis, subject to the 
pro rata limitations as set out in the Guarantees. 
The obligations of each Guarantor under its respective Guarantee are guaranteed on a several but not joint basis. 
This means that if the Issuer does not comply with its payment obligations under the Notes, a Noteholder will 
need to make a claim against each of the Guarantors, each claim for a portion of the total claim of such 
Noteholder against the Issuer. The obligations of each Guarantor under its respective Guarantee shall, at all 
times, be limited to the proportional share such Guarantor holds in the share capital of the Issuer as of the date 
of the issue of the relevant Notes as set out in the relevant Final Terms. As of the date of publication of the Base 
Prospectus, the share capital of the Issuer is held as set out in section 1.3 – ‘The Issuer’s corporate structure’ in 
Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. The holding of the share capital of the Issuer may, 
however, evolve over time. 
The fact that a Noteholder who wishes to call upon the Guarantees by the Guarantors will be required to proceed 
individually against each Guarantor, will be more cumbersome and costly for Noteholders than would be the 
case if the Guarantees were given by the Guarantors on a joint and several basis. In addition, in the event that 
one of the Guarantors would be unable to pay the amounts due by it under its Guarantee, the Noteholder would 
not have recourse against the other Guarantors for such unpaid amounts. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The enforcement of the Guarantees is subject to limitations stemming 
from the particular nature of the Guarantors”. 
The enforcement of the Guarantees is subject to limitations stemming from the particular nature of the 
Guarantors. 
Given the particular nature of the Guarantors, the enforcement of the Guarantees against each of them will be 
subject to limitations. Enforcement against the assets of the Guarantors will be limited because of the immunity 
of execution that applies to the assets of the Guarantors which are used for public services. Investors should 
note that almost all of the assets for electricity distribution, gas distribution, public lighting and sewerage are 
deemed to fall within this category of non-seizable assets, amounting to more than 80% as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. For further information, please refer to the risk factor entitled “The Guarantors and, 
potentially, the Issuer benefit from immunity of execution, which impacts enforcement options for Noteholders”. 
Investors should also take into account that for purposes of the concept of the ‘Fluvius Economic Group’ all 
assets and liabilities of the Guarantors are taken into account to determine the financial position. The obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes are, however, only guaranteed by each Guarantor up to the proportional share such 
Guarantor holds in the share capital of the Issuer as of the date of the issue of the relevant Notes. Please refer 
to the risk factor entitled “The payment of all amounts in respect of the Notes is guaranteed on a several but 
not joint basis, subject to the pro rata limitations as set out in the Guarantees” in this respect.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk factors 
31 
Enforcement possibilities of Noteholders are furthermore limited because of the fact that the Guarantors cannot 
be subject to bankruptcy proceedings as they do not constitute enterprises under Book XX of the Belgian Code 
of Economic Law. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The Guarantors cannot be subject to bankruptcy 
proceedings, which impacts the enforceability possibilities for Noteholders in relation to the Guarantors”. 
Finally, the Guarantors have only been established for a limited but renewable duration of eighteen years. Where 
the duration would not be renewed or terminated early, this may impact the income which the Issuer would 
receive with potentially adverse consequences to the Noteholders. In this respect, please also refer to the risk 
factor entitled “The fixed duration of a Guarantor may not be extended, or the Guarantors may fail to retain 
their participating members, which could weaken their overall credit quality”. 
Decisions of Noteholders may bind Noteholders who were absent or voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Noteholders acting by defined majorities as provided in Condition 10(a) (Meetings of Noteholders) and 
Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) to the Conditions, whether at duly convened meetings of 
the Noteholders or by way of written resolutions or electronic consents, may take decisions that are binding on 
all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority or, as the case may be, who did not sign the relevant written 
resolution or provide their electronic consents for the passing of the relevant resolution. Such decisions relate 
to matters affecting the Noteholders’ interests generally, including the modification or waiver of any provisions 
of the Conditions. This may, for example, include decisions relating to (a reduction of) the interest payable on 
the Notes (if any) and/or the amount to be paid by the Issuer or the Guarantors upon redemption of the Notes. 
Limited secondary market liquidity may render it difficult for investors to sell their Notes or may negatively 
affect the price of such sale. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, even if such Notes are 
listed on Euronext Brussels or any other stock exchange or multilateral trading facility. Liquidity may be 
affected if Notes are allocated to only a limited number of investors or if a market for the Notes does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market 
and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
Fees, commissions and/or inducements included in the issue price and/or the offer price may negatively affect 
the yield of on the Notes. 
Investors should note that the issue price and/or the offer price of any issue of Notes may include subscription 
fees, placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs. Any such fees may not be 
taken into account for the purposes of determining the price of such Notes on the secondary market and could 
result in a difference between the original issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of such Notes 
and/or the actual bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any such difference may 
have an adverse effect on the value of Notes, particularly immediately following the offer and the issue date 
relating to such Notes, where any such fees and/or costs may be deducted from the price at which such Notes 
can be sold by the initial investor in the secondary market. 
The transfer of the Notes, any payments made in respect of the Notes and all communications with the Issuer 
will occur through the NBB-SSS and Noteholders may not have a direct claim against the Issuer.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk factors 
32 
A Noteholder must rely on the procedures of the NBB-SSS to receive payment under the Notes or 
communications from the Issuer. In the event that a Noteholder does not receive such payment or 
communications, its rights may be prejudiced but it may not have a direct claim against the Issuer therefor. The 
Issuer and the Agent will have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in 
respect of, the Notes within, or any other improper functioning of, the NBB-SSS and Noteholders should in 
such case make a claim against the NBB-SSS. Any such risk may adversely affect the rights and/or return on 
investment of a Noteholder.  
Potential conflicts of interest could have an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential investors should be aware that the Fluvius Economic Group is involved in a general business relation 
or/and in specific transactions with the Co-Arrangers and the Dealers and that they might have conflicts of 
interests which could have an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders. In this respect, the Issuer takes 
into account the applicable conflict of interest procedures as set out in the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Co-Arrangers and Dealers provide, among other things, payment 
services, investments of liquidities, short and long term credit facilities, bank guarantees, hedging products and 
assistance in relation to commercial paper, bonds and structured products to the Fluvius Economic Group for 
which certain fees and commissions are being paid. These fees represent recurring costs which are being paid 
to the Dealers as well as to other banks which offer similar services. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
existing financial indebtedness of the Fluvius Economic Group to Belfius Bank SA/NV amounts to 
approximately EUR 778 million and to BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV amounts to approximately EUR 505 million. 
This may, however, evolve over time. Each of the Co-Arrangers and Dealers may also hold from time to time 
debt securities and/or other financial instruments of the Fluvius Economic Group. Furthermore, the Dealers and 
the Agent receive customary commissions in relation to the offer of Notes and, to the extent that any such 
commissions are borne by the Noteholders, such commissions may reduce the yield of the Notes for the relevant 
Noteholders. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Fees, commissions and/or inducements included in the 
issue price and/or the offer price may negatively affect the yield of on the Notes”. 
Certain parties involved in the issuance of the Notes may act in different capacities and may also be engaged in 
other commercial relationships, in particular, be part of the same group, be lenders, provide banking, investment 
banking or other services (whether or not financial) to other parties involved in the issuance of Notes. In such 
relationships the relevant parties may not be obliged to take into consideration the interests of the Noteholders. 
Accordingly, because of these relationships, potential conflicts of interest may arise out of the transaction. In 
particular, the terms and conditions of loan agreements between the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers and the Fluvius 
Economic Group may contain terms, including (financial) covenants, different from or not included in the 
conditions of the proposed Notes. The Noteholders should be aware of the fact that the Co-Arrangers or the 
Dealers, when they act as lenders to the Fluvius Economic Group (or when they act in any other capacity 
whatsoever), have no fiduciary duties or other duties of any nature whatsoever vis-à-vis the Noteholders and 
that they are under no obligation to take into account the interests of the Noteholders and may therefore act in 
a manner that is contrary to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Optional redemption options of the Issuer may affect the market value of the Notes.  
An optional redemption feature of Notes benefiting the Issuer may affect the market value of the Notes. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise

--- Page 33 ---
Risk factors 
33 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. The Issuer may, for example, be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes exposes the relevant investor to the risk that the price of such Fixed Rate Note 
falls as a result of changes in the current interest rate on the capital markets (the “Market Interest Rate”). 
While the nominal rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed for a specified period, the Market Interest 
Rate typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of such security is likely 
to change in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of such security typically 
falls until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest 
Rate falls, the price of a security with a fixed compensation rate typically increases until the yield of such 
security is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. Investors should be aware that the movements of 
the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of the Fixed Rate Notes and can lead to losses for the 
Noteholders if they sell such Fixed Rate Notes. 
Notes that have a fixed to floating interest rate or a floating to fixed interest rate may result in a yield for 
investors lower than market rates at the time of conversion. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this is expected to affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks”, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, may adversely affect the value 
of Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks”. 
The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other 
interest rate benchmarks or other types of rates and indices (as defined in Article 3 of the Benchmark 
Regulation) which can be used to determine the amounts payable under Notes linked to such benchmark 
(including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR and EURIBOR) are the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts 
or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the “Benchmark Regulation”) became 
applicable from 1 January 2018. The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. The Benchmark 
Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or another benchmark rate 
or index, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with 
the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the

--- Page 34 ---
Risk factors 
34 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks,” 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the discontinuance or 
unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”. 
The elimination of LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of 
any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Conditions 
(as further described in Condition 4(j)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such 
benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other 
such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, 
uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may 
adversely affect the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities (including the Notes) 
based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR or LIBOR (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)), becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of interest 
could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative rate 
may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the 
application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective. Any such changes may result in 
the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original 
benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more than Notes issued 
without a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as Green Notes, may not meet investor expectations or 
requirements. 
In respect of an issue of Notes (such Notes, the “Green Notes”), the relevant Final Terms may provide that the 
Issuer will use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the offer (as at the date of issuance of such Notes) to 
finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects (as defined in Part IX – ‘Green Financing 
Framework’) that satisfy the eligibility criteria set out in the Green Financing Framework (as defined in Part IX 
– ‘Green Financing Framework’) of the Issuer. In connection with the potential issuance of any Green Notes, 
the Issuer has requested ISS ESG (a business unit of ISS Corporate Solutions) to issue an independent opinion 
(the “Second Party Opinion”) confirming that any Green Notes are in compliance with the applicable green 
principles, such as the Green Bond Principles developed by the International Capital Markets Association, the

--- Page 35 ---
Risk factors 
35 
Green Loan Principles developed by the Loan Market Association. Potential investors should be aware that the 
Second Party Opinion will not be incorporated into, and will not form part of, this Base Prospectus or the 
relevant Final Terms. The Second Party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
structure of the relevant Series of Green Notes, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other factors 
that may affect the price or value of the Green Notes. Any such Second Party Opinion is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and is only current as of its date of issue. The Noteholders have no recourse against 
the Issuer or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or 
certification. A withdrawal of any such opinion or certification may affect the value of any Green Note and/or 
may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding the 
use of proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects. The use of proceeds by the Issuer for any Eligible Green 
Projects does not necessarily meet the requirements set out in the Green Financing Framework, whether in 
whole or in part, or any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria 
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own articles of association or other governing rules or investment 
mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from 
any particular Green Note). If the relevant Final Terms include information regarding the use of proceeds for 
any Eligible Green Project, that does not mean that no adverse environmental and/or other impacts will occur 
during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. 
Furthermore, although the Issuer may agree at the Issue Date of any Green Notes to allocate the proceeds of the 
Notes to finance Eligible Green Projects or to provide annual progress reports, it would not be an Event of 
Default under the Green Notes if the Issuer would fail to do so or if the Second Party Opinion would be 
withdrawn. Finally, the failure of any of the Eligible Green Projects to meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such ‘green’ or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives may affect the value of any 
particular Green Note and/or have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in green or sustainable assets. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and a negative change in or withdrawal of a credit rating may adversely 
affect the trading price of the Notes. 
The Issuer has been rated and one or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the 
Notes, as will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the 
Issuer and/or the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. For an overview of the ratings of the Issuer, 
please refer to section 1.4 – ‘The Issuer’s corporate ratings’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors’. 
In addition, any negative change in or withdrawal of a credit rating assigned to the Issuer could adversely affect 
the trading price of the Notes, including where this would lead to a negative change in or withdrawal of a credit 
rating assigned to such Notes, if any. In this respect, reference is made to the Issuer’s A3 senior unsecured MTN 
program rating with negative outlook assigned by Moody's Investor Service Ltd. The negative rating outlook 
reflects the rating agency’s opinion regarding the likely downward direction of any rating action, typically based 
on an 18-month horizon. 
Risks relating to the status of the investor

--- Page 36 ---
Risk factors 
36 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make gross-
up payments, and this would result in Noteholders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly 
adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
Condition 7 (Taxation) provides that none of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the NBB, the Agent or any other person 
will be liable for or otherwise be obliged to pay, and the relevant Noteholders will be liable for and/or pay, any 
tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment whatsoever which may arise as a result of, or in connection 
with, the ownership, any transfer and/or any payment in respect of the Notes, except as provided in Condition 7 
(Taxation). Pursuant to Condition 7 (Taxation), neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors will, among others, be 
obliged to pay any additional amounts with respect to any Note to a Noteholder who, at the time of acquisition 
of the Notes, was not an Eligible Investor or to a Noteholder who was such an Eligible Investor at the time of 
acquisition of the Notes but, for reasons within the relevant Noteholders' control, either ceased to be an Eligible 
Investor or, at any relevant time on or after the issue of the Notes, otherwise failed to meet any other condition 
for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the Belgian Law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in 
certain securities. The application of this Condition, and the exemptions included therein, may therefore have 
an impact on the return which an investor receives on its Notes. 
Belgian withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30 per cent., will in principle apply to the interest on the Notes 
held in a non-exempt securities account in the NBB-SSS. If a payment were to be made to a Noteholder holding 
the Notes in such non-exempt account, neither the Issuer, nor the Guarantors, nor the Agent nor any other person 
would be obliged to pay any additional amounts with respect to these Notes as a result of a deduction or 
withholding for the Belgian withholding tax.

--- Page 37 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
37 
PART III – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2018, together with the auditor’s report thereon (available on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2019-04/fluvius-ec-group-2018-eng.pdf); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2019, together with the auditor’s report thereon (available on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-04/fluvius-ec-group-31122019.pdf); 
(c) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group for the half 
year ended 30 June 2020, with limited review conclusion of the auditor (available on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-09/economic-group-fluvius-condensed-consolidated-
interim-ifrs-financial-statements-30-june-2020.pdf); 
(d) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 
December 
2018, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(available 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-08/fluvius-ifrs-2018-eng.pdf);  
(e) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 
December 
2019, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(available 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-04/fluvius-so-conso-ifrs-31122019-eng.pdf); and 
(f) 
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the half year ended 
30 June 2020, 
with 
limited 
review 
conclusion 
of 
the 
auditor 
(available 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-09/fluvius-system-operator-group-condensed-
consolidated-interim-ifrs-financial-statements-30-june-2020.pdf). 
Any statement contained in a document or part of a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall 
be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the FSMA in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in a document incorporated by reference therein) shall be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any such supplement (or contained in a document 
incorporated by reference therein) modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein can be obtained free of charge from 
the website of the Issuer (https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations/financial-reports/fluvius-system-
operator-cv). The information on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except to 
the extent that such information is explicitly incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The Issuer confirms that it has obtained the approval from its auditor to incorporate by reference into this Base 
Prospectus the auditor’s reports relating to the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Fluvius 
Economic Group and of the Issuer as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2018 and

--- Page 38 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
38 
31 December 2019 and the limited review conclusions of the auditor relating to the unaudited condensed 
consolidated financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group and of the Issuer for the half year ended 
30 June 2020. 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019, 
(ii) the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group for the half-year 
ended 30 June 2020, with limited review conclusion of the auditor, (iii) the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 and 
(iv) the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the half-year ended 
30 June 2020, with limited review conclusion of the auditor. Information included in these documents which is 
not included in the below cross-reference lists is not incorporated in, and does not form part of, this Base 
Prospectus and is considered to be additional information which is either not relevant for investors, is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or is not required by the relevant schedules of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2018. 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
p. 4 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 5 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
p. 6 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 7 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
p. 8 
Notes 
p. 9-90 
Statutory auditor’s report 
p. 91-93 
 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2019. 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
p. 4 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 5 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
p. 6 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 7 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
p. 8 
Notes 
p. 9-103 
Statutory auditor’s report 
p. 104-106 
 
Unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group for the half-
year ended 30 June 2020, with limited review conclusion of the auditor. 
Condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss 
p. 4

--- Page 39 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
39 
Condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 5 
Condensed consolidated statement of financial position 
p. 6 
Condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 7 
Condensed consolidated statement of cash flows 
p. 8 
Notes 
p. 9-44 
Statutory auditor’s limited review report 
p. 45-46 
 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2018. 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
p. 3 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 4 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
p. 5 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 6 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
p. 7 
Notes 
p. 8-54 
Statutory auditor’s report 
p. 55-59 
 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019. 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
p. 3 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 4 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
p. 5 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 6 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
p. 7 
Notes 
p. 8-59 
Statutory auditor’s report 
p. 60-64 
 
Unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the half-year ended 
30 June 2020, with limited review conclusion of the auditor. 
Condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss 
p. 3 
Condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 4 
Condensed consolidated statement of financial position 
p. 5 
Condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 6 
Condensed consolidated statement of cash flows 
p. 7 
Notes 
p. 8-22 
Statutory auditor’s limited review report 
p. 23-24

--- Page 40 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
40 
PART IV – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will apply 
to the Notes. In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
a Member State or in the United Kingdom, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information 
in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final 
Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Fluvius System Operator CV, a Belgian cooperative company with its registered office at Brusselsesteenweg 
199, 9090 Melle, Belgium and enterprise number 0477.445.084 (RPR/RPM Ghent, division Ghent) 
(the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term Note programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of 
up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) in aggregate principal amount of notes 
(the “Notes”) guaranteed by the Guarantors (as defined below) in accordance with, and subject to the pro rata 
limitation of, its respective Guarantee (as defined below). 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or 
more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the “Final Terms”) 
which supplement these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant 
Final Terms. Without prejudice to Article 26(5) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, in the 
event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms 
shall prevail. 
The Notes are the subject of an agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) dated on or about 
17 November 2020 between the Issuer and Belfius Bank SA/NV as paying agent, calculation agent and listing 
agent (the “Listing Agent”) and a service contract for the issuance of fixed income securities (the “Clearing 
Services Agreement”) dated on or about 17 November 2020 between the Issuer, the National Bank of Belgium 
and Belfius Bank SA/NV as paying agent. The paying agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if 
any) are referred to below respectively as the “Paying Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)” and references 
to the “Agent” shall include a reference to the Listing Agent, the Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent as 
the context requires.  
The Notes are the subject of the Guarantees. The original of each Guarantee is held by the Paying Agent on 
behalf of the Noteholders at its specified office.  
All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of the relevant 
Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms will be made available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations/ratings-and-bonds/bonds. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Clearing Services Agreement and the Guarantees are available for 
inspection at the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
In these Conditions, any reference to any law, decree, regulation, directive or any implementing or other 
legislative measure shall be construed as a reference to such law, decree, regulation, directive or implementing 
or other legislative measure as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title and Transfer Restrictions 
(a) 
Form: The Notes are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des 
Associations) and cannot be physically delivered. The Notes will be represented exclusively by book

--- Page 41 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
41 
entry in the records of the securities settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the 
“NBB”) or any successor thereto (the “NBB-SSS”). The Notes can be held by their holders through 
direct participants in the NBB-SSS, whose membership extends to securities such as the Notes (each a 
“Participant”) and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through any 
Participant. The Notes are accepted for settlement through the NBB-SSS and are accordingly subject to 
the applicable Belgian regulations, including the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain 
securities, its implementing Belgian Royal Decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 (each as amended 
or re-enacted or as their application is modified by other provisions from time to time) and the Terms 
and Conditions governing the participation in the NBB-SSS and its annexes, as issued or modified by 
the NBB from time to time (the laws, decrees and rules mentioned in this Condition 1(a) being referred 
to herein as the “NBB-SSS Regulations”). The Noteholders will not be entitled to exchange the Notes 
into notes in bearer form. 
If at any time, the Notes are transferred to another clearing system, not operated or not exclusively 
operated by the NBB, these provisions shall apply mutatis mutandis to such successor clearing system 
and successor clearing system operator or any additional clearing system and additional clearing system 
operator. 
The 
list 
of 
Participants 
can 
be 
consulted 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
NBB-SSS 
(https://www.nbb.be/en/payments-and-securities/securities-settlement-system-nbb-sss) and includes, on 
the date of this Base Prospectus, among others Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking AG. 
(b) 
Denomination: The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Specified Denomination”). The minimum Specified Denomination(s) shall be at least (i) 
such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and (ii) in any case, not 
less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Notes may have multiple Specified 
Denominations, provided that the larger Specified Denominations are integral multiples of the smaller 
Specified Denominations. If the minimum Specified Denomination of Notes of a Series is EUR 100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency), such Notes will only be tradeable in integral multiples of 
EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
(c) 
Title: Title to the Notes will pass by account transfer. Noteholders are entitled to exercise the rights they 
have, including voting rights, making requests, giving consents and other associative rights (as defined 
for the purposes of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code) upon submission of an affidavit 
drawn up by the NBB (or any Participant duly licensed in Belgium as a recognised accountholder for 
the purposes of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (a “Recognised Accountholder”)) (or 
the position held by the financial institution through which such holder’s Notes are held with such 
Recognised Accountholder, in which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will also be 
required). The person who is for the time being shown in the records of the NBB-SSS or of a Recognised 
Accountholder as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes, shall for all purposes be treated 
by the Issuer and the Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of Notes, and the expressions 
“Noteholders” and “holders of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
2 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantees 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall at 
all times rank pari passu and rateably, without any preference among themselves, and equally with all 
other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but,

--- Page 42 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
42 
in the event of insolvency, save for such obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are 
mandatory and of general application. 
(b) 
Guarantees: Each of Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, Imewo, Intergem, 
Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas (each a “Guarantor”) has unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes in accordance with, and subject to the pro rata limitation of, its respective guarantee dated 
on or about 17 November 2020 (each a “Guarantee” and together the “Guarantees”). The obligations 
of each Guarantor under its respective Guarantee are limited to the proportional share such Guarantor 
holds in the share capital of the Issuer as of the date of the issue of the relevant Notes as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Status of the Guarantees: The obligations of each Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of such Guarantor and rank and shall at all times rank equally with all other 
existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Guarantor from time to 
time outstanding (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law). 
As of the date of publication of the Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Issuer is held as set out in 
section 1.3 – ‘The Issuer’s corporate structure in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors’. The holding of the share capital of the Issuer may evolve over time. 
3 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Negative pledge: So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor any of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) nor any Guarantor will create or have outstanding any Security Interest 
(other than a Permitted Security Interest) upon or with respect to the whole or any part of its present or 
future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Debt, or to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt, without at the same time 
or prior thereto according to the Notes the same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such 
Relevant Debt, guarantee or indemnity or such other security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders)). 
(b) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Outstanding” means all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance 
with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the 
redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and 
any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid to the Agent as provided in the Agency 
Agreement, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, 
and (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions; provided that, for 
the purposes of (i) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders and (ii) the 
determination of how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge), 
Condition 10 (Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications) and Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of 
Noteholders), those Notes that are held by, or are held on behalf of, the Issuer, any Guarantor or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed 
not to be outstanding. 
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Debt issued for the 
purpose of financing all or part of the costs of the acquisition, construction or development of any project 
if the person or persons providing such financing expressly agree to limit their recourse to the project

--- Page 43 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
43 
financed and the revenues derived from such project as the sole source of repayment for such Relevant 
Debt. 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest 
or other amounts), in the form of or evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, loan stock or other similar 
debt instruments, whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash, and 
which are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, 
or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over the counter market); for the avoidance 
of any doubt, any bank loan or intra-group loan that is granted on the basis of a loan agreement is not 
Relevant Debt. 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest. 
“Subsidiary” means, at any particular time, a company or other entity which is then directly or indirectly 
controlled, or more than 50 per cent. of whose issued share capital (or equivalent) is then beneficially 
owned by the Issuer and/or one or more of its respective Subsidiaries. For this purpose, for a company 
to be “controlled” by another means that the other (whether directly or indirectly and whether by 
ownership of share capital, the possession of voting power, contract or otherwise) has the power to 
appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the board of directors or other governing 
body of that company or otherwise controls or has the power to control the affairs and policies of that 
company. 
4 
Interest and other Calculations 
The Notes are fixed rate notes (the “Fixed Rate Notes”), floating rate notes (the “Floating Rate Notes”), zero-
coupon notes (the “Zero-Coupon Notes”) or a combination of the foregoing, depending on the Interest and 
Redemption basis specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser 
determines that no such spread is customarily applied); 
 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 4(j)(ii) is customary in market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in the Specified Currency.

--- Page 44 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
44 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(j)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page for a period 
of at least 5 Business Days as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
or 
 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”); or  
 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally 
or in respect of the Notes; or 
 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will, by a specified 
future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be no longer representative of an underlying market; 
or 
 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party appointed by the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement 
is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed 
to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
“Business Centre” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means: 
 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency and/or 
 
in the case of euro, a day on which the NBB-SSS and the TARGET system are operating 
(a “TARGET Business Day”) and/or 
 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres.

--- Page 45 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
45 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
 
if “Actual/ Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365). 
 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365. 
 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360. 
 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction ൌ 
360
D1)
-
(D2
] 
M1)
-
(M2
 
 
[30
+
] 
Y1)
-
(Y2
 
 
360
[
+
·
·
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30. 
 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction ൌ 
360
D1)
-
(D2
] 
M1)
-
(M2
 
 
[30
+
] 
Y1)
-
(Y2
 
 
360
[
+
·
·
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 46 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
46 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction ൌ 
360
D1)
-
(D2
] 
M1)
-
(M2
 
 
[30
+
] 
Y1)
-
(Y2
 
 
360
[
+
·
·
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is so specified means: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and

--- Page 47 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
47 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
“Determination Date” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Dates, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period. 
“Early Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have the single 
currency as their lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, 
as amended. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 4(j)(i). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise 
specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of 
which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is euro or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and

--- Page 48 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
48 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“ISDA Benchmarks Supplement” means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated as at 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as supplemented, amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. including, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement. 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Amount” means the amount specified for the relevant occurrence in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the 
Reference Rate. 
“Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 49 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
49 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(g). 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes:  
 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
4(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant 
Final Terms, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of months or 
other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment; 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day; 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or  
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest

--- Page 50 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
50 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(X) 
the offered quotation; or 
(Y) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(London time in the case of LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations. 
(2) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (1)(X) above 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if 
sub-paragraph (1)(Y) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks or, if 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the 
Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), or if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such

--- Page 51 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
51 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(3) 
if paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London 
inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent and 
the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market 
or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the 
case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at 
such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 52 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
52 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
the Issuer defaults in making due provision for their redemption on said date (subject to the applicable 
grace period), in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the 
Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations) until the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a 
negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum 
or minimum, as the case may be. 
 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any 
Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless 
an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in 
which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such 
formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest 
Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for 
which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count 
Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon 
as practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other time on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination 
or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause

--- Page 53 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
53 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of 
such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(c)(ii), the 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9 
(Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication 
of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate 
or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents, if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed 
in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as 
each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
 
Independent Adviser: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Accrual Period remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(j)(ii)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 4(j)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(j)(iv)). In making such determination, 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(j) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent or the Noteholders 
for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4(j). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4(j) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the

--- Page 54 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
54 
Reference Rate applicable to the immediately following Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not 
been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to 
the first Interest Period. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4(j)(i) shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4(j). 
 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 4(j)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(j)). 
 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
 
Benchmark Amendments: If any relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, 
the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(j) and the 
Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, the Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 4(j)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Agent shall, at 
the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to 
the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 4(j)). 
 
Notices: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(j) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Agent, the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the

--- Page 55 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
55 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the relevant Successor Rate or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate, (iii) and, in either case, the Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(j); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate or relevant Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, and the Noteholders. 
 
Survival of Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 
4(j)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Reference Rate and the fall-back provisions provided for in 
Condition 4(c)(iii) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
5 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, is its nominal 
amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), (d) or (e) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 5(c), (d) or (e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9 (Events of Default) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due 
and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as 
defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgement) until the Relevant Date, unless the

--- Page 56 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
56 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), (d) or (e) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default), shall be the 
Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if applicable unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 5(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if: 
 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
Belgium or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and 
 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of 
such change or amendment. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If “Call Option” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or 
such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, 
some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to 
the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer’s option, the Notes to be redeemed 
will be selected in accordance with the NBB-SSS Regulations.

--- Page 57 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
57 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If “Put Option” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount 
(as described in Condition 5(b) above)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must (i) deliver or cause to deliver to the Paying Agent a 
certificate issued by the relevant recognised accountholders certifying that the relevant Note is held to 
its order or under its control and blocked by it or transfer the relevant Note to the Paying Agent and 
(ii) deposit with the Paying Agent a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the 
form obtainable from the Paying Agent in which the Noteholder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition. 
No option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior 
consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Make Whole Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If “Make Whole Call Option” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Make Whole Call Redemption 
Date”)), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at a redemption price per Note equal to such amount 
per Note as is equal to the higher of the amounts in (i) and (ii) below, as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, in each case together with interest accrued to but excluding the Make Whole Call Redemption 
Date, if applicable: 
 
the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes so redeemed; and 
 
the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest 
(not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make Whole Call 
Redemption Date) discounted to the Make Whole Call Redemption Date on an annual basis 
(based on the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the Reference Dealer 
Rate (as defined below) plus any Margin specified in the relevant Final Terms, in each case as 
determined by the Reference Dealers,  
provided, however, that if the Make Whole Call Redemption Date occurs on or after the earliest date on 
which the Notes may be redeemed in accordance with Condition 5(g), the redemption price will be such 
amount per Note as is equal to the nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Note together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the Make Whole Call Redemption Date, if applicable. 
Any notice of redemption given under this Condition 5(f) will override any notice of redemption given 
(whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under Condition 5(e). 
In this Condition: 
“Reference Bond” means the Reference Bond specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Dealers” means those Reference Dealers specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Reference Dealer Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make Whole Call 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable 
judgement of the Reference Dealers, at the Determination Time and on the Determination Date in each

--- Page 58 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
58 
case specified in the relevant Final Terms, quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent (with a copy to the 
Issuer) by the Reference Dealers. 
(g) 
Residual Maturity Call: If “Residual Maturity Call Option” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption (which shall be within the Residual Maturity Call Period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) (the “Residual Maturity Call Optional Redemption Date”)), redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes at a redemption price per Note equal to the nominal amount of the 
relevant Note together with interest accrued to but excluding the Residual Maturity Call Optional 
Redemption Date, if applicable. 
Any notice of redemption given under this Condition 5(g) will override any notice of redemption given 
(whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under Condition 5(e). 
(h) 
Substantial Repurchase Event: If “Substantial Repurchase Event” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer may, provided immediately prior to such notice a Substantial Repurchase Event has 
occurred, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at a redemption price 
per Note equal to the nominal amount of the relevant Note together with interest accrued to but excluding 
the date fixed for redemption. 
In this Condition, a “Substantial Repurchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at least the 
Applicable Percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes (which for these purposes shall include any Notes issued pursuant to Condition 11 (Further 
Issues)) is purchased by the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer (or redeemed by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 5(e)) (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 5(j)). 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer under this Condition 
will forthwith be cancelled. Any Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of any such Notes pursuant to these Conditions shall be discharged. 
6 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments in euro: All payments in euro of principal or interest owing under the Notes shall be made 
through the Paying Agent and the NBB-SSS in accordance with the NBB-SSS Regulations and the 
Clearing Services Agreement. 
(b) 
Payment in other currencies: All payments in any currency other than euro of principal or interest owing 
under the Notes shall be made through the Paying Agent and any Participants (in accordance with the 
rules of such Participant, and in accordance with the NBB-SSS Regulations and the Clearing Services 
Agreement). 
(c) 
Payment subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) 
any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice 
to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 59 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
59 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents: The Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agent of the Issuer 
and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency with any of the Noteholders. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent(s), provided, however, that the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Paying Agent which 
is a Participant in the NBB-SSS, one or more calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, and 
such other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. Notice 
of any such change shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
(Notices). 
(e) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment.  
7 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or by a clearing system and/or a 
participant in a clearing system in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within Belgium or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is (i) entitled to avoid such deduction 
or withholding by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption, or (ii) 
liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of 
his having some connection with Belgium other than by reason of (a) the mere holding of or (b) the 
receipt of principal, interest or other amount in respect of the Note, or 
(b) 
Payment to non-Eligible Investors: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who on the date of 
acquisition of such Note, was not an Eligible Investor or who was an Eligible Investor on the date of 
acquisition of such Note but, for reasons within the Noteholder’s control, ceased to be an Eligible 
Investor or at any relevant time on or after the issue of the Notes, for reasons within the Noteholder’s 
control, otherwise failed to meet any other condition for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax 
pursuant to the law of 6 August 1993 relating to certain securities, or 
(c) 
Payment by another financial institution: held by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able 
to avoid such withholding or deduction by holding the relevant Note in a securities account with another 
financial institution in a member state of the European Union. 
As used in these Conditions: 
“Eligible Investor” means those entities which are referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 
May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax and which hold the Notes in an exempt account in the NBB-
SSS. 
“Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, means whichever is the later of (i) the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due or (ii) (if the Issuer defaults in making due provision for their redemption on said 
date) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made. References in these Conditions to 
(i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Redemption, Payment and Options) or any

--- Page 60 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
60 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations) or any amendment or supplement 
to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be 
payable under this Condition. 
8 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within ten years (in the case of principal (or any other amount (other than interest)) payable in respect of the 
Notes) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
9 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: the Issuer fails to pay the principal of or premium or interest on any of the Notes when 
due and such failure continues for a period of 7 days in the case of principal or premium and 14 days in 
the case of interest; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
covenants, agreements or undertakings under or in respect of the Notes which default is incapable of 
remedy or, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within 20 Business Days after notice of such default 
shall have been given to the Issuer by any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor for or in 
respect of moneys borrowed or raised being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity by 
reason of any event of default (however described), or (ii) any such indebtedness is not paid when due 
or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period, or within five Business Days in Brussels of 
becoming due if a longer grace period is not applicable or (iii) the Issuer or any Guarantor fails to pay 
when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period or within five Business Days if a 
longer grace period is not applicable, any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee 
for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised, provided that none of the events 
mentioned above in this paragraph (c) shall give rise to an Event of Default if the aggregate amount of 
the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities is less than EUR 25,000,000 or its equivalent in 
any other currency (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the Euro as 
quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates); or 
(d) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created 
or assumed by the Issuer or any Guarantor in respect of any of its property or assets for an amount at the 
relevant time of at least EUR 25,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency (on the basis of the 
middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the Euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on 
which this paragraph operates) becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the 
taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
(e) 
Insolvency: the Issuer is declared bankrupt or unable to pay its debts as they fall due, stops, suspends or 
announces its intention to stop or suspend payment of all or, a material part of (or of a particular type of) 
its debts or makes any agreement for the deferral, rescheduling or other readjustment of all of (or all of 
a particular type of) its debts (or any particular debt, in each case which it will or might otherwise be 
unable to pay when due), proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is declared 
or comes into effect in respect of all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries; or

--- Page 61 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
61 
(f) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Issuer or any of the Guarantors or the Issuer or any of the Guarantors ceases or threatens to cease to 
carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose of and followed by a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, consolidation or solvent reorganisation; or 
(g) 
Electricity and gas distribution: the Issuer ceases to be the operating company (werkmaatschappij) of 
the electricity and gas DSOs in the designated areas in Flanders or undergoes a reorganisation whereby 
its tasks in relation to the management of the electricity and gas grids are transferred to a third party, or 
any of the Guarantors loses its license of DSO in the designated areas in Flanders or undergoes a 
reorganisation whereby its tasks in relation to the electricity and gas grids are transferred to a third party 
(to the extent relevant); or 
(h) 
Guarantee: any of the Guarantees ceases to be valid, enforceable or in full force and effect; or 
(i) 
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any 
necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, license, order, recording or registration) at 
any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, 
exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under the Notes, (ii) to ensure that those 
obligations are legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes admissible in evidence in the 
courts of Belgium is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any or more of its 
obligations under any of the Notes, 
then any Note may, by notice in writing given to the Paying Agent at its specified office by the holder, be 
declared immediately due and payable whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note shall become 
immediately due and payable without further formality unless such event of default shall have been remedied 
prior to the receipt of such notice by the Paying Agent. 
10 
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions 
on meetings of Noteholders set out in Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) to these 
Conditions (the “Noteholders’ Provisions”). Meetings of Noteholders may be convened to consider 
matters in relation to the Notes, including the modification or waiver of the Notes or any of the 
Conditions applicable to the Series. For the avoidance of doubt, any modification or waiver of the Notes 
or the Conditions shall always be subject to the consent of the Issuer. 
A meeting of Noteholders may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the 
request in writing of Noteholders holding at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. Any modification or waiver of the Notes or the Conditions of the Notes proposed by 
the Issuer may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Noteholders’ 
Provisions). However, any such proposal to (i) amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes 
or any date for payment of interest or any other amounts due or payable under the Notes, (ii) assent to 
an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate or a modification of the 
method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or maturity or 
the date for any such payment in circumstances not provided for in the Conditions, (iii) assent to a 
reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes, a decrease of the principal amount payable by the Issuer 
under the Notes or a modification of the conditions under which any redemption, substitution or variation 
may be made, (iv) amend Condition 2 (Status of the Notes and the Guarantees) or effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, bonds or other 
obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person (it being understood, for the avoidance of any

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
62 
doubt, that no such resolution or consent of Noteholders shall be required for any exchange offer, tender 
offer or other form of liability management exercise by the Issuer or any other person that allows each 
Noteholder to individually decide to participate), (v) change the currency of payment of the Notes, 
(vi) modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority 
required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or a Special Quorum Resolution or (vii) amend this 
provision, may only be sanctioned by a Special Quorum Resolution. 
Resolutions duly passed by a meeting of Noteholders of a Series in accordance with the Noteholders’ 
Provisions shall be binding on all Noteholders of that Series, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting and whether or not they vote in favour of such a resolution. 
The Noteholders’ Provisions furthermore provide that, for so long as the Notes are in dematerialised 
form and settled through the NBB-SSS, in respect of any matters proposed by the Issuer, the Issuer shall 
be entitled, where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the 
Noteholders through the relevant clearing systems as provided in the Noteholders’ Provisions, to rely 
upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated through the 
electronic communications systems of the relevant securities settlement system(s) by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding. To the extent such 
electronic consent is not being sought, the Noteholders’ Provisions provide that, if authorised by the 
Issuer and to the extent permitted by Belgian law, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders 
of Notes of a Series of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding 
Notes of that Series shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at a meeting of holders of Notes of that Series duly convened and held, provided that the terms of the 
proposed resolution shall have been notified in advance to those Noteholders of that Series through the 
relevant settlement system(s). Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more holders of Notes of that Series. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement 
and/or the Clearing Services Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or which in the Agent’s opinion is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
11 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in the conditions of 
such notes to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
12 
Notices 
Notices to Noteholders shall be valid if (i) delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the NBB-SSS for 
communication by it to the Participants and (ii) published on the website of the Issuer. Any such notice shall be 
deemed given on the date falling three Business Days after the date of its delivery to the NBB-SSS. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
and complies with all legal requirements, including the information obligations under Article 10 of the Law of 
2 August 2002 on the supervision of the financial sector and on financial services and the Royal Decree of 
14 November 2007 on issuer’s information obligations.

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
63 
13 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgement or order of a court of any jurisdiction, 
in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder in respect of any sum expressed 
to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer, as the case may be, to the extent of 
the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note that the recipient is able to purchase with the 
amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not 
practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount 
received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note, the Issuer 
shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the 
recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient 
for the Noteholder to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These 
indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any 
Noteholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgement, order, claim or proof for a 
liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or any other judgement or order. 
14 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Waiver of immunity 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Brussels (Belgium) are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings 
arising out or in connection with the Notes (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer 
and the Guarantors irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts and waive any objection to 
Proceedings in such courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have 
been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
(c) 
Waiver of immunity: The Issuer and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally to the fullest 
extent possible waive with respect to the Notes any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from 
jurisdiction or execution and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consent, to the 
fullest extent possible, to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process, including without limitation, 
the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or 
intended use) of any order or judgement made or given in connection with any suit, action or proceeding.

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
64 
SCHEDULE 1 
PROVISIONS ON MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
Interpretation 
1. 
In this Schedule: 
1.1 
references to a “meeting” are to a meeting of Noteholders of a single Series of Notes and include, unless 
the context otherwise requires, any adjournment; 
1.2 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series and in respect of which a 
meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of those Notes, respectively; 
1.3 
“agent” means a holder of a Voting Certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Noteholder; 
1.4 
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS in 
accordance with paragraph 9; 
1.5 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph 31.1; 
1.6 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed (a) at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and 
held in accordance with this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) by a majority of at least 
75 per cent. of the votes cast or (b) by a Written Resolution or (c) by an Electronic Consent; 
1.7 
“NBB-SSS” means the securities settlement system operated by the NBB or any successor thereto; 
1.8 
“Ordinary Resolution” means a resolution with regard to any of the matters listed in paragraph 4 and 
passed or proposed to be passed by a majority of at least 50 per cent. of the votes cast; 
1.9 
“Recognised Accountholder” means an entity recognised as accountholder in accordance with the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code with whom a Noteholder holds Notes; 
1.10 
“Voting Certificate” means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS in 
accordance with paragraph 8; 
1.11 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding; and  
1.12 
references to persons representing a proportion of the Notes are to Noteholders, proxies or representatives 
of such Noteholders holding or representing in the aggregate at least that proportion in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
General 
2. 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions set out in this Schedule. 
Powers of meetings 
3. 
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and (except in the case of sub-paragraph 3.5) only with the 
consent of the Issuer and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons by this Schedule, have 
power by Extraordinary Resolution:

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
65 
3.1 
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise of, 
or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer (other than in accordance 
with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law); 
3.2 
to assent to any modification of this Schedule or the Notes proposed by the Issuer or the Agent; 
3.3 
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.4 
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.5 
to appoint any person or persons (whether Noteholders or not) as an individual or committee or 
committees to represent the Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers or discretions 
which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.6 
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal debtor 
under the Notes in circumstances not provided for in the Conditions or under applicable law; and 
3.7 
to accept any security interests established in favour of the Noteholders or a modification to the 
nature or scope of any existing security interest or a modification to the release mechanics of any 
existing security interests. 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 19 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution 
(a “Special Quorum Resolution”) for the purpose of making a modification to this Schedule or the Notes 
which would have the effect (other than in accordance with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law): 
(i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of 
interest or any other amounts due or payable under the Notes; 
(ii) 
to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate 
or a modification of the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of 
the Notes on redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment in circumstances 
not provided for in the Conditions; 
(iii) 
to assent to a reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes, a decrease of the principal 
amount payable by the Issuer under the Notes or a modification of the conditions under 
which any redemption, substitution or variation may be made; 
(iv) 
to amend Condition 2 (Status of the Notes and the Guarantees) or to effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, 
bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person (it being 
understood, for the avoidance of any doubt, that no such resolution or consent of 
Noteholders shall be required for any exchange offer, tender offer or other form of liability 
management exercise by the Issuer or any other person that allows each Noteholder to 
individually decide to participate); 
(v) 
to change the currency of payment of the Notes; 
(vi) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or a Special Quorum 
Resolution; or

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
66 
(vii) 
to amend this provision. 
Ordinary Resolution 
4. 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and without prejudice to any powers otherwise conferred on other 
persons by this Schedule, a meeting of Noteholders shall have power by Ordinary Resolution: 
4.1 
to assent to any decision to take any conservatory measures in the general interest of the Noteholders; 
4.2 
to assent to the appointment of any representative to implement any Ordinary Resolution; or 
4.3 
to assent to any other decisions which do not require an Extraordinary Resolution or a Special 
Quorum Resolution to be passed. 
Any modification or waiver of any of the Conditions shall always be subject to the consent of the Issuer. 
5. 
No amendment to this Schedule or the Notes which in the opinion of the Issuer relates to any of the matters 
listed in paragraph 4 above shall be effective unless approved at a meeting of Noteholders complying in all 
respect with the requirements of Belgian law and the provisions set out in this Schedule. 
Convening a meeting 
6. 
The Issuer may at any time convene a meeting. A meeting shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding at least 20 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Agent. 
7. 
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) not less than fifteen days prior to the relevant meeting. The notice shall specify the 
day, time and place of the meeting and the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how 
Noteholders may appoint proxies or representatives obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting 
Instructions and the details of the time limits applicable. 
Arrangements for voting 
8. 
A Voting Certificate shall: 
8.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS; 
8.2 
state that on the date thereof (i) the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Block Voting 
Instruction has been issued which is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Voting 
Certificate and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the 
satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS) held to its order or under its control 
and blocked by it and (ii) that no such Notes will cease to be so held and blocked until the first to 
occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certificate or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of the Voting Certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS 
who issued the same; and

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
67 
8.3 
further state that until the release of the Notes represented thereby the bearer of such certificate is 
entitled to attend and vote at such meeting and any such adjourned meeting in respect of the Notes 
represented by such certificate. 
9. 
A Block Voting Instruction shall: 
9.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS; 
9.2 
certify that the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been issued and 
is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting Instruction and any such 
adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the satisfaction of such 
Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS) held to its order or under its control and blocked by it 
and that no such Notes will cease to be so held and blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS to the Issuer, 
stating that certain of such Notes cease to be held with it or under its control and blocked 
and setting out the necessary amendment to the Block Voting Instruction; 
9.3 
certify that each holder of such Notes has instructed such Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-
SSS that the vote(s) attributable to the Note or Notes so held and blocked should be cast in a particular 
way in relation to the resolution or resolutions which will be put to such meeting or any such 
adjourned meeting and that all such instructions cannot be revoked or amended during the period 
commencing three (3) Business Days prior to the time for which such meeting or any such adjourned 
meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion or adjournment thereof; 
9.4 
state the principal amount of the Notes so held and blocked, distinguishing with regard to each 
resolution between (i) those in respect of which instructions have been given as aforesaid that the 
votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the resolution, (ii) those in respect of which 
instructions have been so given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against the resolution 
and (iii) those in respect of which instructions have been so given to abstain from voting; and 
9.5 
naming one or more persons (each hereinafter called a “proxy”) as being authorised and instructed 
to cast the votes attributable to the Notes so listed in accordance with the instructions referred to in 
paragraph 9.4 above as set out in such document.  
10. 
If a holder of Notes wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a Block Voting Instruction for a 
meeting, he must block such Notes for that purpose at least three (3) Business Days before the time fixed 
for the meeting to the order of the Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the Agent for the 
purpose. The Agent or such bank or other depositary shall then issue a Block Voting Instruction in respect 
of the votes attributable to all Notes so blocked. 
11. 
No votes shall be validly cast at a meeting unless in accordance with a Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction. 
12. 
The proxy appointed for purposes of the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate does not need to be 
a Noteholder. 
13. 
Votes can only be validly cast in accordance with Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions in 
respect of Notes held to the order or under the control and blocked by a Recognised Accountholder or the

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
68 
NBB-SSS and which have been deposited at the registered office at the Issuer not less than three (3) and 
not more than six (6) Business Days before the time for which the meeting to which the relevant voting 
instructions and Block Voting Instructions relate, has been convened or called. The Voting Certificate and 
Block Voting Instructions shall be valid for as long as the relevant Notes continue to be so held and blocked. 
During the validity thereof, the holder of any such Voting Certificate or (as the case may be) the proxies 
named in any such Block Voting Instruction shall, for all purposes in connection with the relevant meeting, 
be deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
14. 
In default of a deposit, the Block Voting Instruction or the Voting Certificate shall not be treated as valid, 
unless the chairman of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds to 
business. 
15. 
A corporation which holds a Note may, by delivering at least three (3) Business Days before the time fixed 
for a meeting to a bank or other depositary appointed by the Agent for such purposes a certified copy of a 
resolution of its directors or other governing body or another certificate evidencing due authorisation (with, 
in each case, if it is not in English, a translation into English), authorise any person to act as its representative 
in connection with that meeting. 
Chairman 
16. 
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate, but if no such nomination is 
made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the meeting the 
Noteholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing which the Issuer may 
appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a Noteholder or agent. The chairman of an adjourned meeting 
need not be the same person as the chairman of the original meeting. 
Attendance 
17. 
The following may attend and speak at a meeting: 
17.1 
Noteholders and their respective agents, financial and legal advisers; 
17.2 
the chairman and the secretary of the meeting; 
17.3 
the Issuer and the Agent (through their respective representatives) and their respective financial and 
legal advisers; and 
17.4 
any other person approved by the Meeting. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
18. 
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at the 
commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed for 
the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any other case it shall 
be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 42 days later, and time and place as the chairman 
may decide. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so adjourned, 
the meeting shall be dissolved. 
19. 
One or more Noteholders or agents present in person shall be a quorum:

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
69 
19.1 
in the cases marked “No minimum proportion” in the table below, whatever the proportion of the 
Notes which they represent 
19.2 
in any other case, only if they represent the proportion of the Notes shown by the table below. 
 
Purpose of meeting 
Any meeting except for a 
meeting previously 
adjourned through want of a 
quorum 
Meeting previously 
adjourned through want of a 
quorum 
 
Required proportion 
Required proportion 
To pass a Special Quorum 
Resolution 
75 per cent. 
25 per cent. 
To pass any other Extraordinary 
Resolution 
A clear majority 
No minimum proportion 
To pass an Ordinary Resolution 
A clear majority 
No minimum proportion 
 
20. 
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting adjourn the meeting from time 
to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the original meeting, 
may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph or paragraph 18. 
21. 
At least ten (10) days’ notice of a meeting adjourned due to the quorum not being present shall be given in 
the same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned 
meeting. Subject as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any other notice of an adjourned general 
meeting. 
Voting 
22. 
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands, unless a poll is (before, or on 
the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer or one or more 
persons representing 2 per cent. of the Notes. 
23. 
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been passed shall 
be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in favour of 
or against it. 
24. 
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided below) either at once or 
after such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution 
of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall not prevent 
the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has been 
demanded. 
25. 
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once.

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
70 
26. 
On a show of hands or a poll every person has one vote in respect of each Note so produced or represented 
by the voting certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to the 
obligations of proxies, a person entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all in the 
same way. 
27. 
In case of equality of votes the chairman shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting vote in 
addition to any other votes which he may have. 
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution, a Special Quorum Resolution and an 
Ordinary Resolution 
28. 
An Extraordinary Resolution, a Special Quorum Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution shall be binding on 
all the Noteholders, whether or not present at the meeting, and each of them shall be bound to give effect to 
it accordingly. The passing of such a resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify 
its being passed. The Issuer shall give notice of the passing of an Extraordinary Resolution, a 
Special Quorum Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution to Noteholders within fourteen (14) days but failure 
to do so shall not invalidate the resolution. 
Minutes 
29. 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters in them. Until the contrary is proved, every meeting for which minutes have been so made and 
signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
30. 
The minutes must be published on the website of the Issuer within fifteen (15) days after they have been 
passed. 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
31. 
For so long as the Notes are in dematerialised form and settled through the NBB-SSS, then in respect of any 
matters proposed by the Issuer: 
31.1 
Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the Noteholders through the 
relevant securities settlement system(s) as provided in sub-paragraphs (a) and/or (b) below, the Issuer shall 
be entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant securities settlement system(s) to the Agent 
or another specified agent in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (the “Required 
Proportion”) by close of business on the Specified Date (“Electronic Consent”). Any resolution passed in 
such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. The Issuer shall not be liable or responsible to anyone for such reliance. 
(a) 
When a proposal for a resolution to be passed as an Electronic Consent has been made, at least 
fifteen (15) days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which 
affirmative consents will be counted) shall be given to the Noteholders through the relevant 
securities settlement system(s). The notice shall specify, in sufficient detail to enable Noteholders 
to give their consents in relation to the proposed resolution, the method by which their consents 
may be given (including, where applicable, blocking of their accounts in the relevant securities 
settlement system(s)) and the time and date (the “Specified Date”) by which they must be received

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
71 
in order for such consents to be validly given, in each case subject to and in accordance with the 
operating rules and procedures of the relevant securities settlement system(s). 
(b) 
If, on the Specified Date on which the consents in respect of an Electronic Consent are first 
counted, such consents do not represent the Required Proportion, the resolution shall be deemed 
to be defeated. Such determination shall be notified in writing to the Agent. Alternatively, the 
Issuer may give a further notice to Noteholders that the resolution will be proposed again on such 
date and for such period as determined by the Issuer. Such notice must inform Noteholders that 
insufficient consents were received in relation to the original resolution and the information 
specified in sub-paragraph (a) above. For the purpose of such further notice, references to 
“Specified Date” shall be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a resolution proposed by 
the Issuer which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly convened in accordance with 
paragraph 7 above, unless that meeting is or shall be cancelled or dissolved. 
31.2 
Unless Electronic Consent is being sought in accordance with paragraph 31.1, a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall 
for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution, a Special Quorum Resolution or 
an Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, provided that the terms 
of the proposed resolution have been notified in advance to the Noteholders through the relevant securities 
settlement system(s). Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents 
in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. For the purpose of determining 
whether a resolution in writing has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or 
instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer (a) by accountholders in the securities settlement system(s) 
with entitlements to the Notes or (b) where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of 
another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder 
for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent 
or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case 
of (a) above, the NBB-SSS, Euroclear, Clearstream or any other relevant alternative securities settlement 
system (the “relevant securities settlement system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant securities 
settlement system and the accountholder identified by the relevant securities settlement system for the 
purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if 
the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document may 
comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant securities 
settlement system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream’s CreationOnline system) in accordance 
with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of 
Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any 
person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to 
such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
32. 
A Written Resolution or Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution, a Special 
Quorum Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution. A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be 
binding on all Noteholders whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic 
Consent.

--- Page 72 ---
Settlement 
72 
PART V – SETTLEMENT 
The Notes will be accepted for settlement through the NBB-SSS and will accordingly be subject to the NBB-
SSS Regulations. 
The number of Notes in circulation at any time will be registered in the register of securities of the Issuer in the 
name of the NBB. 
Access to the NBB-SSS is available through direct Participants in the NBB-SSS, whose membership extends 
to securities such as the Notes, and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through 
any Participant. Participants include certain banks, stockbrokers (beursvennootschappen/sociétés de bourse) as 
well as certain central securities depositories (the latter being, on the date of this Base Prospectus, Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”), Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”), Clearstream Banking AG 
(“Clearstream”), SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. (“Monte Titoli”), Interbolsa S.A. 
(“Interbolsa”) and LuxCSD SA (“LuxCSD”)). The current list of any central securities depositories or any 
other institutions that are, at any time, a Participant of the NBB-SSS can be found on the website of the NBB. 
Accordingly, the Notes will be eligible to clear through, and therefore be accepted by, any such central securities 
depository that is a Participant of the NBB-SSS. 
Transfers of interests in the Notes will be effected between Participants in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures of the NBB-SSS. Transfers between investors will be effected in accordance with the 
respective rules and operating procedures of the Participants through which they hold their Notes. 
The Agent will perform the obligations of paying agent included in the service contract for the issuance of fixed 
income securities dated on or about 17 November 2020 between the Issuer, the NBB and the Agent. 
The Issuer and the Agent will not have any responsibility for the proper performance by the NBB-SSS or its 
Participants of their obligations under their respective rules and operating procedures.

--- Page 73 ---
Form of the Guarantee 
73 
PART VI – FORM OF THE GUARANTEE 
Abstract and Non-Accessory Guarantee of [name of the Guarantor] 
For the benefit of:  Any person (each, a “Noteholder”) holding directly or indirectly any of the notes issued 
under the Programme (as defined below) (the “Notes”) 
Date: 
________________ 2020 
 
In consideration of: 
• 
Fluvius System Operator CV acting as issuer (the “Issuer”) under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Guaranteed 
Euro Medium Term Note programme (the “Programme”); and 
• 
Fluvius System Operator CV as issuer, Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, 
Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas as guarantors and Belfius Bank SA/NV and 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV as co-arrangers and dealers entering into a programme agreement dated 
________________ 2020 relating to the Programme (including its schedules) (the “Programme 
Agreement”). 
 
[name of the Guarantor], organised as an “opdrachthoudende vereniging” under the laws of Belgium, having 
its registered office at [registered office of the Guarantor], Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank of 
Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) under the number 
[registration number of the Guarantor] (RLE [relevant reference of the Guarantor]), (the “Guarantor”) 
unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to each Noteholder the due and punctual payment, in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) (terms defined in the Terms and 
Conditions shall, insofar as the context so admits, have the same meaning when used herein), of the Proportional 
Share (as defined below) of the principal of, interest (if any) on, and any other amounts payable under the Notes 
to the Noteholders on the date specified for such payment (whether on the normal due date, on acceleration or 
otherwise) (the “Guarantee”) upon the following terms: 
(i) 
in the event of any failure by the Issuer to pay punctually any such principal, interest or other amount, 
the Guarantor agrees to cause each and every such payment to be made as if the Guarantor is, instead of 
the Issuer, expressed to be the primary obligor of the Notes with the intent that the Noteholder shall 
receive the same amounts in respect of principal, interest or such other amount as would have been 
received by it had such payments been made by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Guarantor agrees that its obligations under this Guarantee shall be abstract, non-accessory, 
independent, unconditional and irrevocable and on a first demand basis without raising any objections 
of whatever nature arising out of the underlying obligation of the Issuer relating to the Notes, irrespective 
of the absence of any action to enforce the same, the recovery of any judgment against the Issuer or any 
action to enforce the same or any other circumstance relating to the underlying Note which might 
otherwise constitute a discharge or defence of a guarantor, it being understood that no demand shall be 
accepted in the event that all payments of principal, interest or other amount due under the Notes have 
been punctually made by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the Guarantor agrees that nothing in this Guarantee shall be construed so that this Guarantee constitutes 
a surety (borgtocht/cautionnement) and that nothing in this Guarantee will affect its intention to grant an

--- Page 74 ---
Form of the Guarantee 
74 
independent 
and 
abstract 
guarantee 
pursuant 
to 
this 
Guarantee 
and 
not 
a 
surety 
(borgtocht/cautionnement); 
(iv) 
the Guarantor confirms, and by accepting the benefit of this Guarantee each Noteholder acknowledges 
and agrees, that the Guarantor’s obligations under this Guarantee in respect of the Notes shall, at all 
times, be limited to the proportional share it holds in the share capital of the Issuer as of the date of the 
issue of such Notes, as set out in the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Notes (the “Proportional 
Share”); 
(v) 
the Guarantor confirms, with respect to each Note, that it does not have and will not assert as a defence 
to any claim hereunder any right to require any proceedings to be first commenced or made against the 
Issuer nor will it assert as a defence to any claim hereunder any lack of diligence, presentment to the 
Issuer or the Agents of any demand for payment from the Issuer or the Agents, any filing of claims with 
any court in the event of merger, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, any protest, notice or any other 
demand whatsoever (other than a demand for payment of this Guarantee in compliance with the terms 
hereof) and the Guarantor confirms that this Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete 
performance of the obligations contained in each Note and in this Guarantee;  
(vi) 
this Guarantee constitutes an abstract, non-accessory, independent, direct, unconditional, irrevocable, 
first demand, unsubordinated and unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and ranks pari passu (subject to 
mandatorily preferred debts under applicable laws), equally and rateably with all other present and future 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor; 
(vii) 
the Guarantor agrees that it shall comply with and be bound by those provisions contained in the Terms 
and Conditions, the Agency Agreement and the Programme Agreement of the Notes which relate to it; 
(viii) this Guarantee shall be to the benefit of each Noteholder and its (and any subsequent) successor and 
assigns, each of which shall be entitled severally to enforce this Guarantee against the Guarantor; 
(ix) 
the records of the securities settlement system operator shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive evidence of the identity of the Noteholder, the number of entries credited to the securities 
account of such Noteholder with such securities settlement system operator at the relevant time and the 
amounts represented by such entries, as set forth in the Terms and Conditions; 
(x) 
the Guarantor represents and warrants (which representations and warranties shall be deemed to be 
repeated on each day that this Guarantee continues in force) that: 
(a) 
the Guarantor is a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging) (or, in the case 
of a future change of the law, an equivalent or similar legal entity) with the power to enter into 
and to perform the obligations expressed to be assumed by it under the agreements to which it is 
expressed to be a party in connection with the Programme and the issue of the Notes; the 
Guarantor has the power to execute and deliver this Guarantee and to perform its obligations 
under this Guarantee and has taken all necessary action to authorise such execution and delivery 
and performance of such obligations; 
(b) 
the Guarantor is aware of the representations made and warranties given by the Issuer under the 
Programme Agreement; 
(c) 
this Guarantee constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Guarantor duly 
enforceable in accordance with its terms; the Guarantor shall not in any circumstances challenge 
the legality, validity or enforceability of this Guarantee;

--- Page 75 ---
Form of the Guarantee 
75 
(d) 
the execution and performance of this Guarantee does not contravene any provision of any 
existing law, decree or regulation or of its constitutive documents or of any agreement to which 
it is a party; 
(e) 
it is not engaged in or under threat of any litigation nor is it in default in respect of any financial 
commitment which might in either case affect its ability to perform its obligations under this 
Guarantee; and 
(f) 
all payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Guarantor in respect of any Note 
while it is held by an eligible investor (as defined in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 
26 May 1994, as in force on the date hereof) in the securities settlement system operated by the 
National Bank of Belgium shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within Belgium or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax; 
(xi) 
in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer if any moneys are payable by the Guarantor under this 
Guarantee, the Guarantor shall, until all moneys due from the Issuer to the Noteholders shall have been 
paid in full, hold the benefit of all its claims against the Issuer for the account of the Noteholders to pay 
the same to the Noteholders and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably authorises and requires the Issuer and 
any liquidator of the Issuer to pay the Noteholders to the extent that all moneys due under the Notes shall 
not have been paid in full, all moneys payable to the Guarantor in respect of such claims; 
(xii) 
the Guarantor shall not be subrogated in the rights of any Noteholder, make any claim against the Issuer 
in connection with this Guarantee or its enforcement or receive the benefit of any security enjoyed in 
connection with the Notes by any Noteholder until any principal, interest or other amount payable under 
the Notes to the Noteholders has been finally discharged and there is no possibility of any further 
payment under the Guarantee coming into existence. The Guarantor shall not be entitled to claim against 
any other guarantor for a contribution towards the payments that it has made to the Noteholders; 
(xiii) a demand or notice hereunder shall be in writing signed by a duly authorised officer, representative or 
agent of the Noteholder and specify name, address and bank account details of the relevant Noteholder 
and the number of Notes such Noteholder owns; the demand or notice must be sent to the Guarantor by 
registered mail with a form for acknowledgement of receipt, at the following address: 
[notice details of the Guarantor] 
If a Noteholder fails to exercise or delays the exercise of its rights under this Guarantee, this shall under 
no circumstances constitute a waiver of its rights; if a Noteholder partly exercises any rights in respect 
of this Guarantee, this shall not prevent the future or further exercise of such rights or the exercise of 
any other rights by a Noteholder; 
(xiv) references to the Noteholders, the Issuer and the Guarantor include their respective successors and 
assigns; references to persons include references to companies, corporations, firms, governments, states 
or state agencies, associations and any other legal entities; and (where the context so permits) the singular 
includes the plural and vice versa; 
(xv) 
this Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Belgium; claims against the Guarantor 
thereunder may be brought before the courts in Brussels, Belgium, which shall have exclusive 
competence;

--- Page 76 ---
Form of the Guarantee 
76 
(xvi) the Guarantor shall not be entitled to assign or transfer all or any of its rights, benefits and obligations 
hereunder, without prejudice to its ability to merge or engage in any other form of reorganisation in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions; and 
(xvii) the Guarantor hereby (a) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, with respect to itself 
and its revenues and assets (irrespective of their use or intended use), all immunity on the grounds of 
sovereignty or other similar grounds from (I) suit, (II) jurisdiction of any court, (III) relief by way of 
injunction, order for specific performance or for recovery of property, (IV) attachment of its assets 
(whether before or after judgement) and (V) execution or enforcement of any judgement to which it or 
its revenues or assets might otherwise be entitled in any proceedings in the courts of any jurisdiction and 
(b) irrevocably agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that it will not claim any such immunity 
in any proceedings. 
 
This abstract and non-accessory Guarantee has been executed on ________________ 2020. 
 
[name of the Guarantor] 
as Guarantor 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
Title: 
Name: 
Title:

--- Page 77 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
77 
PART VII – DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS 
1 
General information on the Issuer  
1.1 
General information 
Legal name, form and place of registration  
The Issuer’s legal name is Fluvius System Operator CV (“Fluvius”, “Fluvius System Operator” or the 
“Issuer”). The abbreviated and commercial name of the Issuer is “Fluvius”. 
The Issuer is registered with the register of legal entities (rechtspersonenregister/registre des personnes 
morales) of Ghent (section Ghent) under enterprise number (ondernemingsnummer/numéro 
d’entreprise) 0477.445.084. Its Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code is 549300WSQWO0M3PK2J78. 
The Issuer is organised as a cooperative company (coöperatieve vennootschap/société coopérative) 
under Belgian law for an unlimited duration. 
The Issuer’s registered office is at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium. The general telephone 
number is +32 78 353534. The current articles of association of Fluvius System Operator have been 
approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders on 6 December 2018,executed by a notarial deed of 
7 December 2018, drawn up by Mr Xavier Desmet, notary public in Antwerp, Belgium, and published 
in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette of 24 April 2019 under number 19056158. 
The Issuer’s website can be accessed via www.fluvius.be. Information contained on websites mentioned 
in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Summary of the principal activities of the Issuer and its role within the Fluvius Economic Group  
The Issuer develops, manages and maintains utility networks for electricity and gas distribution, public 
lighting, sewerage, cable television infrastructure (“CATV”) and district heating and the data 
management related to these activities. All network infrastructure is owned by the Guarantors. Fluvius 
System Operator has been mandated as the operating company (werkmaatschappij) of the eleven 
Flemish intermunicipal companies that are the Guarantors. Its role relates to operating and maintaining 
the networks, preparing the decision-making process at the level of the Guarantors, undertaking all tasks 
of corporate secretariat for the Guarantors and undertaking other tasks for the Guarantors, such as 
relating to human resources, payroll and accounting support (taking into account the fact that the 
Guarantors do not have their own staff). In the intermunicipalities’ name and for their account, Fluvius 
System Operator operates the networks for electricity, gas and sewerage and exercises public service 
obligations in relation to electricity and gas. Fluvius System Operator carries out its operational activities 
at cost without charging any commercial margin to the Guarantors. This means that all costs incurred by 
Fluvius System Operator (materials and services, personnel costs, etc.) are passed through to the 
Guarantors according to fixed allocation rules. Each month Fluvius System Operator invoices each of 
the Guarantors for the operational services rendered.  
The Issuer currently has three consolidated subsidiaries: De Stroomlijn CV (“De Stroomlijn”), 
Atrias CV (“Atrias”) and Synductis CV (“Synductis”) (together, the “Subsidiaries”). De Stroomlijn is 
integrally consolidated with Fluvius System Operator. Atrias and Synductis are consolidated with 
Fluvius System Operator according to the equity method. Please refer to section 1.5 – ‘The Issuer’s 
Subsidiaries’ for more information on this topic.

--- Page 78 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
78 
The Issuer, the Guarantors, the Issuer’s Subsidiaries, Fluvius Opdrachthoudende Vereniging (“Fluvius 
OV”) and Interkabel together form the “Fluvius Economic Group”. Please refer to section 1.6 – ‘The 
Fluvius (consolidated) group and the Fluvius Economic Group’. 
As further outlined in article 2 of the Issuer’s articles of association, Fluvius System Operator’s mission 
has been defined as follows:  
• 
executing all operational activities related to the distribution of electricity and natural gas; 
• 
executing all activities related to the development, the operations, the usage and the maintenance 
of other cables-and-pipes utility activities, such as sewerage, public lighting, (cable) networks 
and heat; 
• 
executing all activities of data manager; 
• 
executing all activities of heating grid manager; 
• 
executing all activities related to the management of the (strategic) participations and financings; 
• 
carrying out connections, installing and putting into service meters (digital meters, analogue 
meters and electronic meters) and the management of the access register; 
• 
delivering a qualitative service to the grid users and other market players in general; 
• 
registering or recording the meter readings, either from a distance or at the grid users, the 
validation and the management of these metering data and supplying them to the relevant market 
parties; 
• 
executing all activities related to rendering energy services and facilities to distribution grid users, 
amongst others within the framework of its shareholders’ activities, from an administrative, 
technical, commercial and social viewpoint; 
• 
in general, delivering management and other services to and putting its know-how at the disposal 
of its shareholders; 
• 
the preparation and the implementation of all decisions taken by the governing bodies of its 
shareholders; and 
• 
the consultation on distribution grid problems and the promotion of the cooperation between 
shareholders. 
Relevant markets  
Fluvius System Operator operates in all 300 Flemish cities and communities (the “Flemish Region”) in 
Belgium. Fluvius System Operator has no activities outside Belgium.  
1.2 
A brief history of the Issuer  
The Issuer was incorporated under Belgian law as a limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap/ 
société anonyme) named “Electrabel Netmanagement Flanders”, abbreviated to “ENF”, by a notarial 
deed of 29 April 2002, drawn up by Mr Thierry Van Halteren, associated notary public in Brussels, and 
published in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette on 11 May 2002 under number 20020511-609.  
The name “Electrabel Netmanagement Flanders – ENF” was changed into “Electrabel Netten 
Vlaanderen - ENV” by a decision of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 22 
September 2003.

--- Page 79 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
79 
The company’s name was subsequently changed into “Eandis” by a decision of the General Assembly 
on 30 March 2006. At this same date, the company took the form of a limited liability cooperative society 
and a merger was realised with GeDIS and Indexis’s Flemish platform by a notarial deed of the same 
date, drawn up by Mr Xavier Desmet, notary public in Antwerp, and published in the Annexes to the 
Belgian State Gazette on 27 April 2006 under number 06074304. 
The company’s name was changed into “Eandis System Operator cvba” on 30 December 2015. 
The company’s name was changed into its current name “Fluvius System Operator” by a decision of its 
General Assembly on 28 June 2018, with effect as from 1 July 2018. This change of name was part of a 
merger transaction (merger by absorption (fusie door opsplorping/fusion par absorption)), also with 
effect as from 1 July 2018, in which Eandis System Operator cvba (“Eandis System Operator”) 
absorbed Infrax cvba (“Infrax”). At that time, Eandis System Operator and Infrax were the two operating 
companies working on behalf of a number of DSOs in the Flemish Region. The merger transaction was 
a share-based transaction only, without any cash transfers between the parties and/or shareholders 
involved. 
Finally, following changes in the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, the Issuer’s legal form 
changed ipso jure from “cvba – coöperatieve vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid” into “cv – 
coöperatieve vennootschap” as from 1 January 2020. 
1.3 
The Issuer’s corporate structure 
Corporate organisation of the Issuer  
At 30 June 2020, Fluvius System Operator11 employed 4,631 people corresponding to 4,370.71 full-time 
equivalents. 
The Guarantors are Fluvius System Operator’s sole shareholders. No shareholder exercises control over 
the Issuer. The table below reflects the Guarantors’ shareholding in Fluvius System Operator as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus: 
Shareholder 
“A” shares with  
voting rights 
% 
Share capital 
(EUR) 
Fluvius Limburg
4,666,524
18.02%
231,332 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
4,688,069
18.10%
222,546 
Imewo 
3,675,610
14.19%
182,209 
Iverlek 
3,486,875
13.46%
172,853 
Gaselwest 
2,778,997
10.73%
137,762 
Intergem 
1,840,902
7.11%
91,258 
Iveka 
1,570,114
6.06%
87,688 
Fluvius West 
1,357,143
5.24%
67,277 
PBE 
945,183
3.65%
46,855 
Sibelgas 
497,124
1.92%
24,644 
Riobra 
394,394
1.52%
19,551 
TOTAL 
25,900,935 
100.00% 
1,283,976 
 
All of Fluvius System Operator’s capital shares are ordinary nominative shares, each representing an 
equal share in the Issuer’s share capital totalling EUR 1,283,975.84 as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
11  Excluding the statutory staff employed by Fluvius OV. At 30 June 2020, Fluvius OV’s staff amounted to 788 employees (751.43 full-time 
equivalents). For more details on Fluvius OV, see section 1.7 – ‘Fluvius OV’.

--- Page 80 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
80 
All shares have been fully paid up and are registered in Fluvius System Operator’s shareholder register. 
Each shareholder of an A share is entitled to one vote per share in Fluvius System Operator’s General 
Assembly.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Fluvius System Operator has not issued any profit-sharing 
certificates. 
The shareholding of the respective Guarantors in Fluvius System Operator is based on the number of 
EANs12 as per 31 December 2016. 
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors of Fluvius System Operator, which according to Fluvius System Operator’s 
articles of association consists of a maximum of twenty members, is responsible for Fluvius System 
Operator’s general policy and corporate decisions. The twenty members of the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors13 at the date of this Base Prospectus are listed in the table below. 
Name and function within the Issuer’s Board of Directors (represented shareholder) / municipality and 
function in the municipality at the date of the Base Prospectus: 
Piet BUYSE, chairman (Intergem) 
Dendermonde, mayor  
Koen KENNIS, 1st vice-chairman (Fluvius 
Antwerpen) 
Antwerp, alderman  
Christophe PEETERS, 2nd vice-chairman 
(Imewo) 
Ghent, city councillor  
Hans BONTE, 3rd vice-chairman (Sibelgas) 
Vilvoorde, mayor  
Geert CLUCKERS (PBE) 
Diest, alderman 
Lieven COBBAERT (Gaselwest) 
Ichtegem, alderman 
David COPPENS (Intergem)  
Aalst, chairman of the city council  
Jan DALEMANS (Fluvius Limburg) 
Hechtel-Eksel, mayor 
Charlotte DE BACKER (Imewo) 
Ostend, councillor 
Christof DEJAEGHER (Gaselwest) 
Poperinge, mayor  
Jan DESMETH (Iverlek) 
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw, alderman 
Wim DRIES (Fluvius Limburg) 
Genk, mayor 
Ine FRANSSEN (Fluvius Limburg) 
Maaseik, city councillor  
Greet GEYPEN (Iverlek) 
Mechelen, alderman 
Tom KERSEMANS (Iveka) 
Lille, alderman 
Lies LARIDON (Fluvius West) 
Diksmuide, mayor  
Nicky MARTENS (Riobra)  
Tienen, city councillor 
 
12 European Article Numbering. One EAN corresponds to one physical connection to a distribution grid operated by Fluvius. 
13 As at the date of this Base Prospectus, these 20 board mandates are distributed among the shareholders as follows: Fluvius Antwerpen: 3 
mandates; Fluvius Limburg: 3 mandates; Gaselwest: 2 mandates; Iverlek: 2 mandates; Iveka: 2 mandates; Fluvius West: 1 mandate; Imewo: 
2 mandates; Sibelgas: 1 mandate; Intergem: 2 mandates; PBE: 1 mandate; and Riobra: 1 mandate.

--- Page 81 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
81 
Guy VAN DE PERRE (Iveka) 
Kasterlee, alderman 
Adinda VAN GERVEN (Fluvius Antwerpen) Brasschaat, alderman 
Kristien VINGERHOETS (Fluvius Antwerpen) Hemiksem, alderman 
Ms Rita Moors resigned from the Board of Directors on 28 September 2020 following her appointment 
as member of the Flemish Parliament. Her resignation was formalised by the Board of Directors on 
14 October 2020. 
Nick Vandevelde was appointed as Secretary to the Board of Directors. He is Secretary-General at 
Fluvius System Operator and, in that capacity, bears responsibility for corporate and legal affairs. 
The above Directors, as well as the Secretary of the Board of Directors, have their business address at 
Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium.  
Management Committee 
The Board of Directors has entrusted the Management Committee with the day-to-day management and 
the operational leadership of Fluvius System Operator from an operational and organisational 
perspective. The day-to-day execution of the decisions taken by the Guarantors and certain daily 
management tasks of these Guarantors have also been entrusted to the Management Committee. The 
members of the Management Committee participate in the Fluvius System Operator’s Board of Directors 
meetings, solely with an advisory role and without exercising any voting rights.  
At the date of the Base Prospectus, the ten members of the Management Committee are:  
Frank Vanbrabant, CEO and Chairman of the Management Committee  
Mr Vanbrabant was born in 1962. After exercising a number of functions in administration and logistics, 
he joined the energy sector as Infrax’s purchasing and logistics manager in 1999. In 2007, he headed the 
Customer Department at Infrax. Prior to his current function as Fluvius’s CEO since 1 July 2018, he was 
CEO at Infrax. Mr Vanbrabant is a commercial engineer with a specialty in business informatics. 
Areas of responsibility: CEO, chairman of the Management Committee 
Other positions: Chairman of the Board at Atrias; Board member at Synductis and De Stroomlijn; 
member of the Board of VOKA Chamber of Commerce Limburg 
Raf Bellers, member of the Management Committee (Director Supply Chain) 
Mr. Bellers (b. 1971) was appointed as Chief Supply Chain Officer at Fluvius in 2018. Prior to the 
merger, he worked at Infrax with responsibilities for grid synergies and as manager of the knowledge 
centre on sewerage. Before his career at Infrax, he worked at Aquafin in technical planning and business 
development. Mr Bellers holds a civil engineering degree. 
Areas of responsibility: supply chain & procurement, materials & methods, digital metering, logistics 
and facilities 
Other positions: Board member at Vlario, Board member of Scameleon 
Tom Ceuppens, member of the Management Committee (Director Customer Service) 
Mr. Ceuppens (b. 1971) holds a master’s degree in civil engineering. He joined Fluvius from Infrax at 
the latter’s merger with Eandis (on 1 July 2018) and became responsible for Fluvius’s Customer 
Department. At Infrax, he was responsible for customer affairs as well as for operations. Before his

--- Page 82 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
82 
switch to the energy sector in 2015, Mr. Ceuppens was active in several international functions in the 
dredging sector for 20 years. 
Areas of responsibility: customer services, contact centres, social energy supply, key accounts, product 
management, promotion of rational use of energy 
Other positions: member of the Board at De Stroomlijn 
Guy Cosyns, member of the Management Committee (Director Data Management) 
Mr Cosyns (b. 1962) is an electrotechnical engineer. He has built a long career in the energy sector in 
several commercial, technical and regulatory affairs management positions. In 2005, he became 
responsible for Eandis’s operating area Leie-Schelde. He joined the Eandis’s Management Committee 
in 2013 as Director Customer Operations. Since 2018, he is in charge of Fluvius’s Data Management 
Department. 
Areas of responsibility: dataroom, market data operations, market data coordination 
Other positions: board member at Atrias; board member of VOKA Chambre of Commerce West-
Flanders; board member at Business Centres Waregem and Kortrijk 
Wim Den Roover, member of the Management Committee (Director Network Operations) 
Mr Den Roover (b. 1961) is currently responsible for the Department Network Operations at Fluvius. 
He obtained an engineering degree. Prior to his current function at Fluvius, he was responsible for the 
Smart Programmes at Eandis. He has developed his career in several infrastructure areas and was also 
responsible for a number of internal projects.  
Areas of responsibility: grid operations, telecom operations 
Other positions: member of the Board of Directors at De Stroomlijn 
Jean Pierre Hollevoet, member of the Management Committee (Director Network Management) 
Mr Hollevoet (b. 1962), who holds a technical engineering degree, is currently responsible for the 
Network Management Department at Fluvius. Previous to his current position, he was a.o. responsible 
for an operational infrastructure area, for asset management, and for supply chain & facility 
management, procurement at Eandis and Fluvius.  
Areas of responsibility: asset planning & development 
Other positions: Mr Hollevoet is a director at Synductis and Synergrid, vice-president of gas.be and 
member of the International Gas Union’s Executive Committee. 
David Termont, member of the Management Committee, CFO (Director Financial Management and 
IT) 
Mr Termont (b. 1970) is currently responsible for the Finance & ICT Departments at Fluvius. He holds 
an Economics Degree. He started his professional career as advisor to an Alderman and later as a director 
of the Economy Dept. at the City of Ghent. Prior to his CFO and ICT role at Fluvius, he was in charge 
of GeDIS’s and Eandis’s Customer Care Department and the Finance & ICT Department at Eandis.  
Areas of responsibility: finance, ICT 
Other positions: chairman of the Board at De Stroomlijn; member of the Board and Chairman of the 
Audit Committee at Atrias; member of the Board at Contassur

--- Page 83 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
83 
Nick Vandevelde, member of the Management Committee, Director Secretary-General 
Mr Vandevelde (b. 1957) has a master’s degree in law with a postgraduate degree in taxation. He 
currently serves as Fluvius’s secretary-general. In this function, he is responsible for Fluvius’s and the 
group’s corporate and legal affairs. He also chairs the internal CSR Board at Fluvius. Previous to his 
current position, Mr Vandevelde acted as Eandis’s secretary-general. He has gained large experience in 
legal, administrative and financial matters pertaining to the energy sector and the intermunicipal 
companies.  
Areas of responsibility: legal affairs, corporate administration, corporate social responsibility 
Other positions: secretary to the Board at De Stroomlijn, Synductis and the DSOs Fluvius Antwerpen 
and Iveka. 
Filip Van Rompaey, member of the Management Committee (Director Strategy) 
Mr Van Rompaey (b. 1962), is responsible for the Fluvius Strategy Department. Prior to joining the 
utility sector at Infrax, he worked in the steel, insurance and banking sector. Mr Van Rompaey holds 
degrees in IT and commercial engineering. 
Areas of responsibility: strategy, business development, corporate transformations, information security, 
digitalisation 
Other positions: none 
Ilse Van Belle, member of the Management Committee (Director HR & Communication) 
Mrs Van Belle (b. 1968) holds a Commercial Engineering degree and she has obtained an HRM 
Executive Master Class certification. Mrs Van Belle was appointed as Fluvius’s director of HR & 
Communication in February 2019. Prior to her Fluvius position, she worked as external auditor at KPMG 
and in different management positions at the telecom operator Proximus a.o. with responsibilities in the 
fields of internal auditing, strategy development and HR.  
Areas of responsibilty: human resources, communication 
Other positions: none 
Audit Committee 
Fluvius System Operator has established an Audit Committee. Currently, its four members are Jan 
Desmeth (Chairman), Lieven Cobbaert, Lies Laridon and Kristien Vingerhoets. The Issuer’s articles of 
association allow for a maximum of six members for the Audit Committee to be appointed by the board 
of directors of Fluvius System Operator amongst its members. 
The Audit Committee has an advisory competence and reports its findings to the Board of Directors. The 
responsibilities of the Audit Committee relate to control over the Issuer’s accountancy, its control 
systems, the proper application of accounting rules, financial reporting and budgeting. 
HR Committee 
Fluvius System Operator has also installed an HR Committee. It is chaired by Ms Greet Geypen. Its 
other members are currently Piet Buyse, Adinda Van Gerven and Kristien Vingerhoets.  
The HR Committee has an advisory competence and reports its findings and guidelines to the Board of 
Directors. The HR Committee’s tasks include monitoring developments in the HR policy of Fluvius

--- Page 84 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
84 
System Operator and advising on Fluvius System Operator’s general remuneration and benefits policy. 
The Committee is also consulted on nominations of managers within the company.  
Fluvius System Operator’s current articles of association stipulate that the HR Committee is composed 
of a maximum of six members to be appointed by the board of directors of Fluvius System Operator 
amongst its members.  
Strategic Committee  
The Strategic Committee functions as a consultation platform between Fluvius System Operator and its 
shareholders to prepare decisions on policy and strategic options. The Strategic Committee outlines the 
general strategy for Fluvius System Operator and the entire Fluvius Economic Group. Special attention 
is paid to the Issuer’s relationship with the authorities and regulator, with shareholders and with the other 
stakeholders in operating distribution systems in Flanders. It is composed of six members. According to 
the articles of association of Fluvius System Operator, this committee has a maximum of ten members 
to be appointed by the board of directors of Fluvius System Operator amongst its members and it is 
being chaired by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, currently Mr Piet Buyse. Its other members 
are Hans Bonte, David Coppens, Wim Dries, Koen Kennis and Christophe Peeters. 
Conflicts of interest  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the persons 
listed above in this section 1.3 – ‘The Issuer’s corporate structure’ vis-à-vis the Issuer and/or their private 
interests or other duties. It should be noted that possible conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
directors of the Guarantors and their private investments or other duties are permanently being 
scrutinised by the Flemish authorities and by the regional energy regulator VREG. 
Corporate governance  
As the Belgian Corporate Governance Code for Listed Companies (the “Code 2020”) is primarily aimed 
at companies with listed shares and given the extensive legal and regulatory requirements applicable to 
Fluvius System Operator, the Issuer has published its own Corporate Governance Charter, which was 
inspired both by the Code 2020 and the Corporate Governance Code for Non-listed Companies 
(the “Code Buysse”). This Corporate Governance Charter14 is updated on a regular basis when required 
by internal or external elements. The Corporate Governance Charter clearly states that the Issuer always 
strives to be compliant with the generally accepted principles of corporate governance. The Board of 
Directors is responsible for the Corporate Governance Charter. The topics covered in this Corporate 
Governance Charter are: (i) the relationship between the General Assembly, the Board of Directors, the 
dedicated committees (Strategic, Audit, HR) and the Management Committee, (ii) the operational 
responsibilities of the Issuer and (iii) internal audit, business continuity management, complaints 
handling and the protection of corporate information. The annual reports contain specific reporting on 
the implementation of corporate governance principles in everyday practice. 
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) & sustainability policies 
As a regulated entity in the energy and utilities sector with public shareholders, Fluvius is fully aware of 
its responsibilities in the areas of CSR and sustainability. Its commitments in this respect have been set 
out in the Fluvius CSR Charter, approved by the Board of Directors on 4 December 2019. This document 
 
14 At the date of this Base Prospectus, the former Eandis Corporate Governance Charter still needs to be transposed into the Fluvius Corporate 
Governance Charter.

--- Page 85 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
85 
can be accessed on the Issuer’s website: https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2019-12/9010106-
mvo-charter-2019-en.pdf. 
The Issuer’s strategy 
In working out the strategic options for the Issuer, the Board of Directors and the management of the 
Issuer carefully consider all relevant policy measures taken by the Flemish government and VREG, as 
well as the evolving economic, technical, operational, regulatory and legal context for the Issuer. The 
Issuer is always careful, however, not to compromise the current reliability and quality of the grids it 
operates and the services it delivers by implementing policy changes. It therefore considers every 
implementation option in light of its financial, technical and logistical feasibility and reassures itself that 
any strategic choice to be made should be socially acceptable to grid users. A second foundation for 
outlining the mid-term strategic options is evidently the Issuer’s mission, vision, strategy and values 
taken as a whole, as approved by the Board of Directors. 
The Issuer’s strategy has four distinct elements: (i) we go all out for one Fluvius (ii) we create a 
maximum of synergies across the different networks (iii) we ensure future-proof networks and (iv) we 
put the customer and the employee first. The Issuer’s mission has been defined as “to sustainably connect 
society with our multi-utility networks” and its vision is the following: “Fluvius wants to become, in 
collaboration with all stakeholders, thé Flemish multi-utility company”. 
The outlined strategy is complemented by the Issuer values which can be considered as the DNA of the 
Issuer:  
• 
Stronger together!: we strengthen each other in order to achieve our goal together and as one 
team. 
• 
Driven by professionalism: we put safety first. We rely on each other’s expertise, strive for quality 
and go for continuous improvement. 
• 
Customer centric: our biggest motivation is our customers’ satisfaction. We do our utmost to help 
them. 
• 
Commitment: we are prepared to go the extra mile, and we do what we promise. 
• 
Respect: we are honest, show empathy and take responsibility for each other and the society. 
1.4 
The Issuer’s corporate ratings 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has two long-term corporate ratings, i.e., at Moody’s 
Investor Service Ltd. (“Moody’s”) and at Creditreform Rating AG (“Creditreform”). The history of 
these ratings is as follows: 
Moody’s 
Fluvius System Operator (and before 1 July 2018, its predecessor Eandis System Operator) is rated at 
Moody’s since 12 October 2011: 
• 
12 October 2011 – 13 March 2014:  
A1 negative outlook 
• 
13 March 2014 – 2 December 2014:  
A1 stable outlook 
• 
2 December 2014 – 14 December 2016:  
A1 negative outlook 
• 
14 December 2016 – 29 June 2018:  
A3 stable outlook

--- Page 86 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
86 
• 
29 June 2018 – 25 July 2019: 
 
A3 positive outlook 
• 
25 July 2019 – 10 September 2020:  
A3 stable outlook 
• 
10 September 2020 – present: 
 
A3 negative outlook 
In Moody’s methodology, an A3 rating means that the Issuer is situated in the upper-medium grade, 
subject to low credit risk; the modifier “3” indicates that it ranks in the lower end of its generic rating 
category. The negative rating outlook reflects the rating agency’s opinion regarding the likely downward 
direction of any rating action, typically based on an 18-month horizon. 
The rationale for the rating downgrade in December 2016 from A1 to A3 was inspired by Moody’s 
anticipation that measures aimed at restoring the company’s credit quality would not be implemented as 
foreseen after the planned merger of the DSOs and the planned entry of a private partner were both 
aborted. Consequently, Moody’s expected key financial metrics to deteriorate and the balance sheet 
strengethening to be appear unlikely. 
The consecutive changes in the rating outlook were mostly based on Moody’s expectations on the future 
developments of credit ratios, either positive or negative. 
Creditreform 
Fluvius System Operator (and before 1 July 2018, its predecessor Eandis System Operator) is rated at 
Creditreform since 18 January 2017: 
• 
18 January 2017 – 30 October 2020: 
A+ stable outlook 
• 
30 October 2020 – present: 
 
A+ negative outlook 
The current rating was affirmed by Creditreform on 26 July 2019. On 30 October 2020, Creditreform 
decided to adjust the rating outlook from ‘stable’ to ‘negative’. 
In Creditreform’s rating methodology, an A-rating means that the rated entity is assumed to possess a 
high level of creditworthiness and a low default risk. The modifier “+” indicates that the rating is in the 
upper part of its category. The negative outlook has a time horizon of one year, forecasting the likely 
course of developments for the period of twelve months after the date of the rating.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time. 
1.5 
The Issuer’s Subsidiaries 
De Stroomlijn 
De Stroomlijn CV was established as a limited liability cooperative society (coöperatieve vennootschap 
met beperkte aansprakelijkheid/société coopérative à responsabilité limitée) on 28 December 2006 by a 
notarial deed of the same date, published in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette of 22 January 2007 
under number 07012863. Its registered office is at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium. De 
Stroomlijn is registered in the legal enterprise register of Ghent under number 0886.337.894.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fluvius System Operator possesses 1,650 shares out of the total 
of 2,654 shares in De Stroomlijn, or 62.17 per cent. of the share capital. The other shares are owned by 
Farys/TMVW, an intermunicipal company active in the distribution and treatment of water (850 shares), 
Synductis (77 shares) and De Watergroep, another drinkwater and wastewater utility company (77 
shares).

--- Page 87 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
87 
De Stroomlijn’s articles of association give Fluvius System Operator the right to nominate four of the 
eight members of the Board of Directors. David Termont, member of the Issuer’s Management 
Committee, is chairman of the Board of Directors of De Stroomlijn. The other directors on behalf of 
Fluvius are Wim Den Roover and Tom Ceuppens. At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is one 
vacancy for a director mandate for which the Issuer can suggest someone. However, the Issuer does not 
currently intend to do so in the short term. Nick Vandevelde, secretary to the Board of Directors of 
Fluvius System Operator, holds the same position in De Stroomlijn’s Board of Directors.  
De Stroomlijn’s financial statements are consolidated with Fluvius System Operator according to the 
integral method.  
De Stroomlijn operates as the independent customer contact centre that handles calls from end customers 
for distribution grid-related matters. On 30 June 2020, the company employed 333 people (interim 
employees included) corresponding to 308.45 full-time equivalents. In 2019, De Stroomlijn processed a 
total of 2,076,094 calls, 83.7 per cent. of which (or 1,738,251 calls) were related to Fluvius System 
Operator’s activities.  
Atrias  
Atrias CV was established as a limited liability partnership (coöperatieve vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid/société cooperative à responsabilité limitée) on 9 May 2011 by a notarial deed of the 
same date, published in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette of 25 May 2011. Its registered office 
is at Kanselarijstraat 17A, 1000 Brussels, Belgium. Atrias is registered with the legal enterprise register 
of Brussels under number 0836.258.873.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fluvius System Operator owns 50% of Atrias’s share capital. The 
remaining Atrias shares are owned by other entities in the Belgian energy distribution sector, being 
ORES, Resa, Sibelga, AIEG, AIESH and Régie de Wavre.  
Fluvius System Operator has the statutory right to nominate three of the nine Board members and has 
appointed Guy Cosyns, David Termont and Frank Vanbrabant in those positions. Fluvius System 
Operator also has the statutory right to nominate the Chairman of the Board of Directors. Frank 
Vanbrabant currently serves as Atrias chairman. Mr Géry Vanlommel, a Fluvius executive, is secretary 
to Atrias’s Board of Directors. 
Atrias’s financial statements are consolidated with Fluvius System Operator according to the equity 
method.  
Atrias’s mission is defined as assuming the function of a central clearing house for the benefit of the 
DSOs and, as such, it is charged with the project for the development of the Message Implementation 
Guide (MIG) version 6, the development of a central Clearing House application and the management 
and maintenance of this application. MIG is a data transmission protocol being used for the structured 
data exchange between suppliers, DSOs and regional regulators on the liberalised energy market in 
Belgium. Through this role, Atrias will play a crucial role in data exchanges between energy market 
parties (primarily the DSOs and the energy suppliers). It will be the central hub for information 
exchanges between those parties regarding all data changes in the characteristics of individual 
connections for electricity and gas throughout Belgium: registered consumption volumes, switches of 
energy supplier by the end consumers, end consumers moving house, installation of solar panels, 
adaptations to the technical characteristics of a connection, etc. 
As per 30 June 2020, Atrias employed 25 people or 23.9 full-time equivalents. 
Synductis

--- Page 88 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
88 
This Fluvius System Operator subsidiary was established on 21 December 2012 as a limited liability 
cooperative society (coöperatieve vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid/société cooperative à 
responsabilité limitée) by a notarial deed of the same date, published in the Annexes to the Belgian State 
Gazette of 25 January 2013. Its registered office is at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium. 
Synductis is registered with the legal enterprise register of Ghent under number 0502.445.845.  
The founding partners of Synductis are Eandis, TMVW and IWVA. Its current shareholders are Fluvius 
System Operator (holding 40.22% of the shares as at the date of this Base Prospectus,), the water 
companies TMVW, Pidpa, IWVA, De Watergroep and IWVB15, wastewater treatment company Aquafin 
and, finally, telecom operator Proximus. Furthermore, Synductis is closely collaborating with the 
Flemish public transport company De Lijn and with the Flemish Agency for Roads and Traffic 
(Agentschap voor Wegen en Verkeer – AWV). 
The eight-member Board of Directors at Synductis is currently being chaired by Mr Christophe Peeters, 
director at Fluvius System Operator. The other director on behalf of Fluvius is Mr Tom Kersemans, who 
is also a member of Fluvius’ Board of Directors. Nick Vandevelde is secretary to the Board of Synductis. 
Synductis’s accounts are being consolidated with Fluvius System Operator according to the equity 
method. 
Synductis has no staff of its own. Its activities are carried out by employees seconded by its shareholders. 
Synductis has the mission to better coordinate infrastructure works with an impact on the public domain. 
The coordination of planning and execution of infrastructure works by Synductis should lead to more 
synergies between utilities, minimal costs for grid operators and local authorities, and less hindrance for 
the population. A timely and clear communication with local authorities and neighbours is essential. 
1.6 
The Fluvius (consolidated) group and the Fluvius Economic Group 
The operating company Fluvius System Operator and its consolidated Subsidiaries Atrias, De Stroomlijn 
and Synductis (see also section 1.5 – ‘The Issuer’s Subsidiaries’ above) constitute the “Fluvius 
(consolidated) group”. This concept is entirely in line with the consolidation principles laid down in the 
Belgian accounting legislation. 
When the Fluvius consolidated group is considered together with the eleven shareholders of the 
operating company, Fluvius OV (see section 1.7 – ‘Fluvius OV’) and Interkabel, the intermediate 
structure of the Fluvius CATV entities (see section 4.3 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework for 
Flemish CATV intermunicipalities’), the concept of the “Fluvius Economic Group” is introduced. It 
should be pointed out that the Fluvius Economic Group is not a legal entity, but that this concept is used 
for reporting purposes, taking into account that the Fluvius Economic Group includes both the asset 
owners and license holders (i.e., the Guarantors) and the entities which employ the staff and where the 
operational activities are being carried out (i.e., the operating company Fluvius System Operator, Fluvius 
OV and its consolidated Subsidiaries). 
 
15 At the date of this Base Prospectus, IWVB is in a voluntary liquidation procedure. As soon as this procedure is wound up, IWVB will disappear 
as a Synductis shareholder.

--- Page 89 ---
Fluvius Economic Group's Corporate Structure 
Fluvius warp 
(consolidation) 
company 
300 Flemish municipalities 
Op ra 'r 
Fluvius System Operator cvba 
subsidiaries 
de 
Whet 
entities 
fames 
conomic 
Group 
Other entities is mainly 
Fluvius OV, the entity 
employing f luvius's statutory 
staff; also includes Interkabel 
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
89 
Schematically: 
 
1.7 
Fluvius OV 
At the occasion of the legal merger by absorption of the former operating company Infrax by Eandis 
System Operator on 1 July 2018, all staff of the Infrax group entities had to be integrated into the newly 
created Fluvius System Operator. This posed no problems for the contractually employed Infrax staff, 
but the same procedure could not be followed for the statutory staff of the former Infrax entities. The 
said merger could not change their statute, nor their individual and collective rights and obligations. 
Therefore, these statutory employees were assembled within the entity Fluvius OV. 
Fluvius OV’s enterprise number is 0201.311.226. Its registered office is at Trichterheideweg 8, 3500 
Hasselt, Belgium. The current legal entity Fluvius OV was created by a partial split-up of the former 
Infrax Limburg as registered in two notarial deeds executed by notary Vanderstraeten at Opglabbeek, 
dated 20 June 2018 and 25 June 2018.  
All staff on Fluvius OV’s pay-roll is, however, fully integrated into the organisational scheme and the 
different teams of the operating company Fluvius System Operator. The distinction between Fluvius 
System Operator and Fluvius OV was created solely for reasons of employment legislation. It should be 
pointed out that there will be no future growth in the number of staff at Fluvius OV, since no new 
statutory employees are or will be hired by Fluvius. Fluvius OV will cease to exist as soon as the last 
statutory employee leaves the company through retirement or otherwise. 
At 30 June 2020, Fluvius OV employed 788 employees (i.e., 751.43 full-time equivalents). 
On a monthly basis, the costs generated by Fluvius OV are passed through to Fluvius System Operator, 
which functions as the collection point for all costs generated for the operating company’s statutory 
operational activities on behalf of the eleven DSOs/Guarantors. The operating company Fluvius System 
Operator sends out a monthly ‘management invoice’, calculated on the basis of all costs generated 
including those of Fluvius OV, to each of its DSOs/Guarantors. 
Fluvius OV is included in the IFRS financial reporting of the Fluvius Economic Group.

--- Page 90 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
90 
2 
General information on the Guarantors  
2.1 
General information 
Legal name and place of registration  
The Issuer, Fluvius System Operator, is the operating company for all of the Guarantors. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, these Guarantors are: 
1. 
FLUVIUS ANTWERPEN (registered office at Antwerpsesteenweg 260, 2660 Hoboken-
Antwerp, Belgium; general telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 
0212.704.370 (RLE Antwerp)): services a territory of 38 cities and municipalities in the wider 
Antwerp region, including the city of Antwerp (32 municipalities for electricity, 34 municipalities 
for gas, 4 municipalities for sewerage and 14 municipalities for CATV). Fluvius Antwerpen was 
licensed by the VREG for electricity and gas distribution by a decision of 30 January 2020. LEI: 
5493003FZLUZ7VLIBT46; 
 
2. 
FLUVIUS LIMBURG (registered office at Trichterheideweg 8, 3500 Hasselt, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0207.165.769 (RLE Hasselt)): 
services a territory which largely corresponds to the territory of the Province of Limburg, 
including the cities of Hasselt and Genk. It covers 58 municipalities for electricity, 57 
municipalities for gas, 35 municipalities for sewerage and 43 municipalities for CATV. By the 
VREG’s decision of 25 April 2019 the licenses that had been awarded to Inter-Energa were 
relabeled as licenses for Fluvius Limburg. LEI: 5493006L24J50TYNYG41;

--- Page 91 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
91 
 
3. 
FLUVIUS WEST (registered office at Noordlaan 9, 8820 Torhout, Belgium; general telephone 
number: +32 78 353534; enterprise number 0205.157.176 (RLE Ghent, section Ostend)): services 
a territory of 41 cities and municipalities in the Provinces of West-Flanders and (for CATV only) 
in the Province of Flemish-Brabant: it covers 15 municipalities for electricity, 11 municipalities 
for gas, 19 municipalities for sewerage and 32 municipalities for CATV. The VREG licensed 
Fluvius West as electricity DSO on 27 January 2015. The license for gas was awarded by a 
decision of the VREG of 29 September 2015. LEI: 549300YJJZ3CE3CJKG49; 
 
4. 
GASELWEST (registered office at President Kennedypark 12, 8500 Kortrijk, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0215.266.160 (RLE Ghent, section 
Kortrijk)): services a territory of 54 cities and municipalities in the provinces of East- and West-
Flanders that includes the cities of Kortrijk, Ypres and Oudenaarde (51 municipalities for 
electricity, 54 municipalities for gas). Gaselwest was licensed by the VREG for electricity 
distribution by a decision of 3 February 2015. Gaselwest’s current license for gas distribution was 
awarded by VREG decision of 29 September 2015. LEI: 549300NTUSYQHTNYO66;

--- Page 92 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
92 
 
5. 
IMEWO (registered office at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium; general telephone 
number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0215.362.368 (RLE Ghent, section Ghent)): 
services a territory of 39 cities and municipalities in the Provinces East- and West-Flanders (38 
for electricity and 39 for gas), including the cities of Ghent, Bruges, Lokeren and Ostend. Imewo 
was licensed as electricity DSO by the VREG decision of 5 September 2014 and as gas DSO by 
the VREG decision of 29 September 2015. LEI: 549300RK49YQPIEQRX17; 
 
6. 
INTERGEM (registered office at Franz Courtensstraat 11, 9200 Dendermonde, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0220.764.971 (RLE Ghent, section 
Dendermonde)): services a territory of 23 cities and municipalities in the Provinces Flemish-
Brabant and East-Flanders, including the cities of Aalst, Sint-Niklaas and Dendermonde (i.e. 23 
municipalities for electricity and the same number for gas). Intergem was licensed as electricity 
DSO by the VREG on 3 February 2015 and as gas DSO on 29 September 2015. LEI: 
549300DKOLZ2SCJH8381;

--- Page 93 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
93 
 
7. 
IVEKA (registered office at Koningin Elisabethlei 38, 2300 Turnhout, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0222.030.426 (RLE Antwerp, section 
Turnhout)): services a territory of 27 cities and municipalities in the Province of Antwerp, 
including the city of Turnhout (25 municipalities for electricity and 26 municipalities for gas). 
Iveka’s current licenses as electricity and gas DSO date back to the VREG decisions of 30 January 
2020. LEI: 5493000L706GK2JAQV45; 
 
8. 
IVERLEK (registered office at Aarschotsesteenweg 58, 3012 Wilsele-Leuven, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0222.343.301 (RLE Leuven)): 
services a territory of 51 cities and municipalities in the provinces Flemish-Brabant and Antwerp, 
including the cities of Mechelen and Leuven. It covers 50 municipalities for electricity and 51 
municipalities for gas. Iverlek was licensed as electricity DSO by the VREG decision of 3 
February 2015. Iverlek’s gas DSO license was awarded by the VREG on 29 September 2015. 
LEI: 54930073JZQL85NE3817;

--- Page 94 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
94 
 
9. 
PBE (registered office at Diestsesteenweg 148, 3210 Lubbeek, Belgium; general telephone 
number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0203.563.111 (RLE Leuven)): services a 
territory of 20 cities and municipalities in the Province Flemish-Brabant. It services 20 
municipalities for electricity and 14 municipalities for CATV. PBE is only licensed as an 
electricity DSO (not for gas). Its current license was awarded by the VREG by a decision of 5 
September 2014. LEI: 549300G5CH6WKCGR4Q56; 
 
10. 
RIOBRA (registered office at Oude Baan 148, 3210 Lubbeek, Belgium; general telephone 
number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0878.051.819 (RLE Leuven)): services a 
territory of 26 cities and municipalities in the Province Flemish-Brabant for the sewerage activity. 
LEI: 54930060X7VGAYBWQL55; and

--- Page 95 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
95 
 
11. 
SIBELGAS (registered office at Stadhuis, Grote Markt, 1800 Vilvoorde, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; enterprise number 0229.921.078 (RLE Brussels)): services a 
territory of 5 cities and municipalities in the north of Brussels, both for electricity and gas. VREG 
licensed Sibelgas as electricity DSO on 3 February 2015 and as gas DSO on 29 September 2015. 
LEI: 549300X4GFP09PCRYU18. 
 
Legal form 
The Guarantors are regulated public law entities, more specifically mission entrusted associations 
(opdrachthoudende vereniging/association chargée de mission) according to the Local Government 
Decree. Please refer to section 4 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework applicable to the Guarantors’ 
for information on the legal regime applicable to the Guarantors and its consequences.  
Please refer to section 3 – ‘Description of the markets for Fluvius’ for information on the markets in 
which the Guarantors operate.  
The Guarantors’ Geographical Markets  
The Guarantors have no activities outside the Flemish Region (Belgium). The maps above indicate the 
operating territories of each of the relevant Guarantors for their activities.  
Summary of the principal activities of the Guarantors and their role within the Fluvius Economic Group  
The corporate object of the Guarantors is defined in detail in article 3 of their respective articles of 
association.16 It comprises the management and operation of utility distribution systems, including the 
responsibility for the development of these systems, as well as their viability and security. The 
Guarantors are also responsible for certain social and other public service obligations.  
The Guarantors own the networks operated by Fluvius System Operator. With the exeception of Riobra, 
they also hold the DSO licenses for electricity and gas distribution granted by the VREG.  
 
16  For Riobra, see article 5 of its articles of association.

--- Page 96 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
96 
The table below presents some aggregated basic figures on the network infrastructure under the 
management of Fluvius System Operator. All figures are per 31 December 2019. Although managed by 
Fluvius System Operator, the grid assets remain fully owned by the Guarantors.  
 
Electricity 
Gas 
Total net length ...................................  
133,668 km  
58,091 km 
of which .............................................. 
low voltage 86.507 km 
low pressure 47,001 
km 
  
mid voltage 47.161 km  
mid pressure 10,100 
km  
Number of connections ....................... 
3,492,793 
2,254,033 
Number of public lighting points ........ 
1,165,665  
not applicable  
Number of social clients ..................... 
79,757 
58,217 
Active budget meters .......................... 
39,142  
26,486 
Digital meters installed……………… 
101,120 
69,906 
Sewerage 
Total net length…..11,712 km 
Connections………619,865 
CATV 
Total net length…..27,793 km 
Connections………929,440 
District heating 
The Issuer is involved in a number of district heating projects. A district heating grid is an energy concept 
that uses heat – such as heat generated by a factory or incinerator, or which is drilled up from geothermal 
sources – for heating purposes. Well-insulated pipelines transport the heat from the heat source to the 
location where the heat is used for sanitation or heating. As such, district heating can be considered a 
sustainable form of energy use. 
Fluvius is gaining valuable expertise in designing, building and operating district heating grids through 
several dedicated projects (situation as per 31 December 2019): 
1. project Hasselt Quartier Bleu 
2. project Antwerp South 
In the urban development project New South in Antwerp, all houses, shops and offices will be 
connected to a district heating grid. 
3. project Mol/Dessel 
Studies have indicated the potential of the underground in the Mol/Dessel area (province of 
Antwerp) for geothermal energy. A project for a geothermal plant was set up. Unfortunately, at 
the moment the plant cannot generate a sufficient amount of heat for the extensive grid and, 
subsequently, this project was temporarily put on hold. Revised plans, based on the idea of local 
heat grids, are being drafted. 
4. project Mol, Vennestraat 
5. project Mol, Martelarenstraat  
This project is currently being built.

--- Page 97 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
97 
6. project Dessel, De Ark 
This project is currently being built. 
7. project Hoogstraten, De Kluis 
The industrial park De Kluis in Hoogstraten (province of Antwerp) is destined to be an innovative 
and sustainable industrial development. Starting from a heating grid with a gas-fired back-up, this 
project will evolve into a sustainable district heating grid running on geothermal energy. 
8. project Turnhout, Niefhout 
The urban renovation project Niefhout in the city of Turnhout (province of Antwerp) has opted 
for energy provision on the basis of a state-of-the-art and flexible district heating grid.  
9. project Turnhout, Heizijdse Velden 
This project includes a transport pipeline to the hospital AZ Sint-Jozef. 
10. project Roeselare/Hooglede 
Several kilometres of grid will be built in this project, which is to use the residual heat from the 
Mirom waste incinerator nearby. Almost 1.000 new houses will be connected. 
11. project Veurne, Suikerfabriek 
12. project Kuurne/Harelbeke 
Close to the Leie, a new urban development project will include a district heating grid for sanitary 
warm water and heating purposes. This project relies on residual heat from the nearby Imog waste 
incinerating installation. A first phase of this project is operational since the autumn of 2019: a 
youth centre, the fire station, the music academy, an elementary school and an apartment block 
are already connected to the grid.  
13. project Antwerp, distribution grid Blue Gate 
14. project Antwerp, Antwerp-North 
In this project, the distribution grids Luithagen and De Schinde, Luchtbal and Rozemaai will be 
connected to the Antwerp-North transport grid. 
15. project Aalst, Immerzeel 
A feasibility study is being executed. 
Three more projects, which have demonstrated a sufficient strategic fit, will be subject to a business case 
analysis. 
2.2 
A brief history of the Guarantors  
Since the implementation of the liberalisation in the energy markets in the European Union, the energy 
landscape in the Flemish Region has changed drastically. The main feature of the post-liberalisation 
energy landscape is that commercial activities and infrastructure operation are no longer conducted by a 
single entity. As a result, the intermunicipal companies, such as the relevant Guarantors, had to dispose 
of their electricity and gas supply activities and they have since become DSOs for electricity and natural 
gas. 
A second feature of the recent history of the energy distribution in the Flemish region is the tendency to 
create larger DSOs by merging DSOs. The most recent examples of this trend are the creation of Fluvius 
Antwerpen and Fluvius Limburg (both on 1 April 2019). Through such a merger, more efficiency and 
more synergies can be created in grid operations, as well as in the administrative support. In some cases, 
these mergers have led to multi-utility entities, combining activities in both energy distribution and other 
utility services. It cannot be ruled out that more such mergers of DSO will be realised in the future, with 
the same overall effects on synergies and efficiency gains. 
In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The Issuer, regulatory changes or legislative 
changes may initiate a possible merger of DSOs leading to a likely tariff harmonisation which may alter 
the Fluvius Economic Group’s financial position and prospects” in Part II – ‘Risk factors’.

--- Page 98 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
98 
2.3 
Corporate structure of the Guarantors 
The typical corporate structure of the DSOs is composed of the General Assembly (where all 
participating municipalities are represented), a Board of Directors and Regional Governing Committees 
(“RGC”). The Guarantors are very similar as regards their governance structure, however, there are 
some differences amongst them in order to meet specific local circumstances or differences in scale.  
Board of Directors  
The number of directors in each Guarator varies: as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is 16 in Fluvius 
Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas, 10 in Gaselwest, Iverlek and 
Imewo and 7 in Intergem and Iveka. The Board of Directors is responsible for each Guarantor’s specific 
policy decisions and its own corporate affairs.  
An overview of the directors of each Guarantor as at the date of the Base Prospectus is presented below:  
Fluvius Antwerpen (business address for all directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium) 
Name 
Function in 
DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
KENNIS Koen  
chairman 
Antwerp 
alderman 
VERBEECK Paul 
vice-
chairman 
Nijlen 
mayor 
BAUWENS Dirk 
director 
Schilde 
mayor 
DE VOS Chris 
director 
Duffel 
councillor 
DE VRIES Tom 
director 
Niel 
mayor 
DECKERS Sven 
director 
Brecht 
mayor 
GYS Frank 
director 
Wommelgem 
mayor 
JANSSENS Luc 
director 
Kapellen 
alderman 
LAMBRECHT 
Bart 
director 
Aartselaar 
alderman 
LEYS Carine 
director 
Hoboken 
(Antwerp) 
district alderman 
MEEUWS Tom 
director 
Antwerp 
alderman 
VAN GERVEN Adinda 
director 
Brasschaat 
alderman 
VEREECKEN 
Kevin 
director 
Antwerp 
councillor 
VERVLOESEM Katusha 
director 
Rumst 
councillor 
VINGERHOETS Kristien 
director 
Hemiksem 
alderman 
VAN HOVE 
Danny 
member with 
advisory role 
Zwijndrecht 
councillor

--- Page 99 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
99 
Fluvius Limburg (business address for the directors: Trichterheideweg 8, 3500 Hasselt, Belgium) 
Name 
Function in 
DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
KRIEKELS Rik17 
Chair 
Diepenbeek 
alderman 
VAN ROELEN 
Erik 
vice-
chairman 
Halen 
mayor 
BOSMANS Ilse 
director 
Wellen 
alderman 
DALEMANS Jan 
director 
Hechtel-Eksel 
mayor 
DRIES Wim 
director 
Genk 
mayor 
FRANSSEN Ine 
director 
Maaseik 
councillor 
LISMONT Patrick 
director 
Gingelom 
mayor 
NELIS Raf 
director 
Peer 
alderman 
STEEGEN Bruno 
director 
Bilzen 
alderman 
VAN DER AUWERA 
Liesbeth 
director 
Bree 
mayor 
VERHEYEN Peter 
director 
Lanaken 
alderman 
VINTS Thomas 
director 
Beringen 
mayor 
VOS Mark 
director 
Riemst 
mayor 
TIMMERMANS 
Lies 
director  
on behalf of 
PBE 
councillor - Bekkevoort 
VANDER LINDEN 
Serge 
member with 
advisory role 
Hamont-Achel 
councillor 
 
Gaselwest (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in 
DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
DEJAEGHER 
Christof 
chairman 
Poperinge 
mayor 
BOGAERT Franka 
vice-chair 
Oudenaarde 
councillor 
CASIER Youro 
director 
Wervik 
mayor 
COBBAERT 
Lieven 
director 
Ichtegem 
alderman 
 
17 Mr Kriekels was appointed as Chairman on 26 October 2020, replacing Ms Rita Moors who resigned from the Board of Directors on 
28 September 2020 following her appointment as member of the Flemish Parliament. No additional director has been appointed as at the date 
of the Base Prospectus to replace Mrs Moors.

--- Page 100 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
100 
DELBARGE 
Mathieu 
director 
De Haan 
alderman 
EVRARD Sandy 
director 
Mesen 
mayor 
HAYDON Daisy 
director 
Wielsbeke 
councillor 
VANBRUSSEL 
Mieke 
director 
Roeselare 
councillor 
VERZELE Joop 
director 
Kruisem 
mayor 
VANDENBROUCKE 
Koen 
member with 
advisory role 
Oostrozebeke 
councillor 
 
Imewo (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in 
DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
DE BACKER 
Charlotte 
chair 
Ostend 
councillor 
THIENPONT Filip 
vice-chair 
Merelbeke 
mayor 
ANNYS Pablo 
director 
Bruges 
alderman 
DE DECKER Carl 
director 
Ghent 
councillor 
DE KEYSER Jan 
director 
Oostkamp 
mayor 
DE SPIEGELAERE 
Conny 
director 
Deinze 
alderman 
GANSEMANS 
Joris 
director 
based on 
experience 
Ghent 
expert 
TRENSON Rob 
director 
Evergem 
councillor 
VAN RYSSELBERGHE 
Sabine 
director 
Lokeren 
alderman 
SEELS Marnix 
member with 
advisory role 
Kaprijke 
councillor 
 
Fluvius West (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium) 
Name 
Function in 
DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
LARIDON Lies 
chair 
Diksmuide 
mayor 
DE KNOP Irina 
vice-chair 
Lennik 
mayor 
CASIER Elke 
director 
Torhout 
councillor 
DESSEIN Geert 
director 
Ledegem 
alderman

--- Page 101 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
101 
Name 
Function in 
DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
DEVRIENDT 
Herlinde 
director 
Oudenburg 
councillor 
LANSENS Patrick 
director 
Koekelare 
mayor 
MAERTENS 
Caroline 
director 
Izegem 
alderman 
MOERKERKE 
Geert 
director 
Staden 
alderman 
PATTYN Francis 
director 
Harelbeke 
alderman 
TANT Stijn 
director 
Wevelgem 
alderman 
VAN DEN BROECK Floris 
director 
Opwijk 
councillor 
VANDENBERGHE Wim 
director 
Jabbeke 
councillor 
VANWILDEMEERSCH 
Rik 
director 
Hooglede 
alderman 
VERMOTE Lynn 
director 
Kortemark 
alderman 
VIAENE Jan 
director 
Lendelede 
councillor 
TANGHE Johan 
member with 
advisory role 
Oudenburg 
councillor 
 
Intergem (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in 
DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
COPPENS David 
chairman 
Aalst 
councillor 
BUYSE Piet 
vice-chair 
Dendermonde 
mayor 
HANSSENS Carl 
director 
Sint-Niklaas 
alderman 
PEETERS Lotte 
director 
Hamme 
alderman 
VANDERPOORTEN Dirk 
director 
Ninove 
councilor 
VINCKE Veerle 
director 
Beveren 
councilor 
VERHOFSTADT Henk 
member with 
advisory role 
Bever 
councillor

--- Page 102 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
102 
Iveka (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in 
DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
VAN DE PERRE 
Guy 
chairman 
Kasterlee 
alderman 
CUYLAERTS Nathalie 
vice-chair 
Rijkevorsel 
alderman 
KERSEMANS Tom 
director 
Lille 
alderman 
LATHOUWERS 
Silke 
director 
Kalmthout 
alderman 
VAN BAVEL Piet18 
director 
Hoogstraten 
alderman 
VAN DEN BORNE 
Patrick 
director 
Ravels 
alderman 
VAN DE PERRE 
Jef 
member with 
advisory role 
Baarle-Hertog 
councillor 
 
Iverlek (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in 
DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
DESMETH Jan 
chairman 
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw 
alderman 
GEYPEN Greet 
vice-chair 
Mechelen 
alderman 
DAEMS Geert 
director 
Hulshout 
alderman 
DEMIDDELEER 
Bertrand 
director 
Halle 
councilor 
ELPERS Heidi 
director 
Lennik 
alderman 
HEREMANS Nathalie 
director 
Heist-op-den-Berg 
councillor 
ROOVERS Tom 
director 
Tienen 
alderman 
VANSINA Dirk 
director 
Leuven 
alderman 
VRANKEN Gerry 
director 
Aarschot 
alderman 
VAN DOREN Bart 
member with 
advisory role 
Londerzeel 
councillor 
 
 
18 Mr Van Bavel was temporarily appointed as director by the meeting of the Board of Directors held on 20 October 2020. His definitive 
appointment as director will be submitted to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, which is scheduled to take place on 
11 December 2020.

--- Page 103 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
103 
PBE (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium) 
Name 
Function in 
DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
CLUCKERS Geert 
chairman 
Diest 
alderman 
ROGGEN Jo 
vice-
chairman 
Geetbets 
mayor 
SUFFELEERS 
Davy 
vice-
chairman 
Lubbeek 
alderman 
BILLENS Samuel 
director 
Gooik 
councillor 
COOSEMANS 
Pieter 
director 
Holsbeek 
councillor 
DE PRETER Nele 
director 
Tremelo 
councillor 
DEVOS Stefaan 
director 
Kortenaken 
mayor 
FOURIE Lore 
director 
Landen 
alderman 
LAUREYS Geert 
director 
Steenokkerzeel 
alderman 
LEAERTS Kris 
director 
Kampenhout 
mayor 
SEGHERS Rudi 
director 
Pepingen 
alderman 
TIMMERMANS 
Lies 
director 
Bekkevoort 
councillor 
VAN DEN BROECK 
Lieven 
director 
Herne 
councillor 
VAN DYCK Josien 
director 
Oud-Heverlee 
councillor 
WUYTS Annelore 
director 
Tielt-Winge 
councillor 
DANCKERS Ann 
member with 
advisory role 
Begijnendijk 
councillor 
 
Riobra (business address: Brusselsesteenweg199, 9090 Melle, Belgium) 
Name 
Function 
in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
VANGOIDTSENHOVEN 
Danny 
chairman 
Huldenberg 
mayor 
MARTENS Nicky 
vice-chair 
Tienen 
councillor 
DEKEYSER Annick 
director 
Boortmeerbeek 
alderman 
GOOVAERTS Ann 
director 
Steenokkerzeel 
councillor 
GORIS Carine 
director 
Rotselaar 
alderman 
PERSOONS Ludo 
director 
Galmaarden 
alderman

--- Page 104 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
104 
REVIERS Benny 
director 
Bekkevoort 
alderman 
ROGGEN Jo 
director 
Geetbets 
mayor 
SERE Veerle 
director 
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw 
councillor 
SOREE Bart 
director 
Begijnendijk 
alderman 
SUFFELEERS Davy 
director 
Lubbeek 
alderman 
TAVERNIERS Jean-Pierre 
director 
Hoegaarden 
mayor 
VANBELLE Guy 
director 
Boutersem 
councillor 
VANDEVELDE 
Andy 
director 
Linter 
alderman 
WEEK Patrick 
director 
Gooik 
councillor 
REYGAERTS Yvo 
member with 
advisory role 
Bever 
councillor 
 
Sibelgas (business address of the directors: Laurent-Benoit Dewezplein 6, 1800 Vilvoorde, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in 
DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
BONTE Hans 
chairman 
Vilvoorde 
mayor 
VANSTEENKISTE 
Walter  
vice-chair 
Wemmel 
mayor 
AKKUS Faruk 
director 
Vilvoorde 
councillor 
ANDRIES Christian 
director 
Wemmel 
alderman 
CLAEYS Steve 
director 
Machelen 
alderman 
CORNELIS Herwig 
director 
Meise 
councillor 
DE BOECK 
William 
director 
Grimbergen 
alderman 
DEBLOCK Ingrid 
director 
Machelen 
alderman 
GROOTJANS Marc 
director 
Machelen 
mayor 
LAMARTI Fatima 
director 
Vilvoorde 
alderman 
LAUWERS Chantal 
director 
Grimbergen 
councillor 
ROOSEN Philip 
director 
Grimbergen 
alderman 
THAELEMANS Marie-
Jeanne 
director  
Meise 
alderman 
VAN DER STRAETEN 
Monique 
director 
Wemmel 
alderman 
WOUTERS Jaak 
director 
Meise 
councillor

--- Page 105 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
105 
Name 
Function in 
DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
DE GROEF Jean-
Pierre 
member with 
advisory role 
Machelen 
councillor 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
Guarantors’ directors and their private interests or other duties. Potential conflicts of interest are 
scrutinised both by the Flemish energy regulator VREG and the Flemish Government as supervising 
authority. 
Regional Governing Committees  
Each participating municipality has the statutory right to nominate at least one member of the relevant 
RGC. Municipalities with large populations sometimes have the right to nominate more than one 
member to such a RGC. 
These RGCs are competent to decide on local matters, such as the collaboration with the municipally 
organised Public Social Welfare Centres (Openbaar Centrum voor Maatschappelijk Welzijn), local 
infrastructure works, RUE-activities (Rational Use of Energy), energy services to local authorities, 
public lighting, and the DSOs’ social supplier activities (tariffs excluded). They can also advise on all 
matters pertaining to local matters. As to the strategic participations, the Regional Governing 
Committees have the statutory duty to formulate advices to the Board of Directors on matters such as 
the proposals for capital increases or capital reductions, the acquisition of new participations or the 
divestment of existing participations, and the allocation of the financial profits thereof. The relationship 
between the DSO and the operating company is ensured by and through the DSO’s Board of Directors.  
The exact number of RGCs in each DSO (2 or 3) depends on the size of the DSO. At the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the DSO Sibelgas does not have RGCs. 
2.4 
The status of the Guarantors under public law and the regulatory regime  
General overview and administrative review  
All Guarantors currently qualify as a “mission entrusted association” (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ 
association chargée de mission), governed by the Local Government Decree. 
Pursuant to the Local Government Decree, the mission entrusted associations are subject to 
administrative supervision by the Flemish Government as their supervising authority. It is necessary to 
distinguish between general and special administrative review by the Flemish Government. General 
administrative review is governed by Articles 461-469 of the Local Government Decree and refers to 
the possibility for the Flemish Government to annul decisions of the governing bodies of the association 
(in particular the Board of Directors) that it deems are not in compliance with the law or the public 
interest. To this effect, the Flemish Government can request (access) to all decisions, documents and 
information it requires. A summary of all decisions taken by a mission entrusted association must be also 
published on its website within ten days from the day they are taken.19 A decision can also be the subject 
of a complaint by a third party, in which case the Flemish Government will request the decision and 
related file to take this into account in the exercise of its administrative review. The term for exercising 
its review by the Flemish Government is 30 days from the publication of the list (or 50 days from the 
 
19 In addition to the list, decisions about certain specific topics must be integrally published on the website. The Flemish Government must be 
informed of this publication on the same day.

--- Page 106 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
106 
publication of a decision on certain specific topics). This term is suspended by (i) the submission of a 
(valid and timely) complaint and (ii) a request by the Flemish Government to receive the decision; a new 
30-day (or 50-day) term then starts on the day following the day the complaint or the file, respectively, 
have been sent. As the filing of a complaint, in our view, does not qualify as a mandatory organised 
administrative review, a third party with an interest is not required to do so before it can challenge a 
decision by a mission entrusted associated before the Council of State (which it can do by default within 
60 days following its publication). Any annulment decision by the Flemish Government must also be 
published on the website of the association. 
In addition to the general administrative review, special administrative review is exercised by the 
Flemish Government in specific instances pursuant to Articles 428 and 472 of the Local Governance 
Decree, with respect to decisions (by a special shareholders meeting) regarding changes to the articles 
of association and participations in other legal persons (that are not mission entrusted companies) 
respectively. These decisions must be sent (within 30 days) to and approved by the Flemish Government 
(within 90 or 100 days following the day they are sent) before they can have their effect. As such this 
concerns a form of active review, as opposed the passive, general review described in the previous 
paragraph. 
Lastly, the Flemish Government, pursuant to Article 470 of the Local Government Decree, can exercise 
forced supervision (following expiry of a remedy period given by written notice), in the form of one or 
several commissioners that are mandated to collect all requested information or comments at the 
premises of the association or to take other measures prescribed by law. 
The mission entrusted associations have the corporate form of cooperative companies (coöperatieve 
vennootschap/société coopérative) and follow the general rules set out in the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code for cooperative companies. However, on certain key points they differ from these 
rules. For example:  
• 
they are established for a limited duration. In the current state of legislation, their maximum 
duration is 18 years. A prolongation of the mission entrusted associations’ limited duration is 
possible if approved by their participants after having completed a strict approval procedure. This 
procedure requires that a request for prolongation is expressed by at least two thirds of the 
shareholders present or represented in a general shareholders’ meeting, provided that at least the 
majority of the municipal shareholders vote in favour; 
• 
local authorities that are venturing into a mission entrusted association, by rule of law, transfer – 
for the statutory duration of the latter – their relevant municipal competencies to the mission 
entrusted association; 
• 
mission entrusted associations are considered to be administrative authorities, whose decisions 
may be challenged before the Council of State (i.e., Belgium’s highest administrative court, or 
“Raad van State” in Dutch, “Conseil d’Etat” in French); 
• 
the mission entrusted associations are subject to the general principles of the public service and 
they have to comply with the applicable public procurement rules and regulations.  
For the sake of clarity, none of the Guarantors has a management committee. None of the Guarantors 
has its own staff.

--- Page 107 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
107 
Current termination dates of the Guarantors  
It was indicated above that all Guarantors have been established as mission entrusted associations with 
a limited, but renewable, duration. The table below contains the date of incorporation 20  and the 
termination date for each of the Guarantors which is valid as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Date of incorporation 
Termination date 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
24 November 1972 
29 March 2037 
Fluvius Limburg 
29 November 2004 
29 March 2037 
Fluvius West 
7 April 1924 
29 March 2037 
Gaselwest 
8 July 1975 
29 March 2037 
Intergem 
15 September 1980 
29 March 2037 
Imewo 
10 March 1975 
29 March 2037 
Iveka 
24 November 1981 
29 March 2037 
Iverlek 
29 March 1982 
29 March 2037 
PBE 
8 February 1928 
29 March 2037 
Riobra 
25 November 2005 
24 November 2023 
Sibelgas 
19 December 1986 
29 March 2037 
Non-commercial nature of the Guarantors  
Pursuant to the Local Government Decree, none of the Guarantors’ has a commercial character 
(handelskarakter). The Guarantors are not subject to Belgian bankruptcy legislation and bondholders 
will not enjoy protection from these bankruptcy laws as the Guarantors do not constitute enterprises 
under Book XX of the Belgian Code of Economic Law. 
Immunity of execution  
The Guarantors are public law entities. Under Belgian law, public law entities have the duty to perform 
their tasks of public service at all times (the so-called concept of ‘continuity of the public service’). 
Pursuant to Article 1412bis of the Belgian Judicial Code, assets owned by a public law entity (such as 
the Guarantors) therefore in principle benefit from immunity of execution as a result of which these 
assets cannot be seized. Most notably, this immunity of execution does not apply to assets that are 
manifestly not useful for the performance or the continuity of the public service. This means that, for 
example, the distribution infrastructure (cables, pipelines, cabins and others) owned by a Guarantor 
cannot be seized by Noteholders in case of default. Although this limits the enforceability of the 
obligations of the Guarantors, it also means that each of the Guarantors will be in a position to continue 
to perform its duties of public service and hence to generate revenues. This immunity of execution is not 
to be considered as an immunity of jurisdiction.  
Appointment/licensing requirements for DSOs 
The VREG has the competence to appoint (“license”) the DSOs for electricity and/or gas in the Flemish 
Region as stipulated in the Energy Decree. The conditions and procedure for such appointment are laid 
down in the executive order of the Flemish Government of 19 November 2010 containing general 
provisions on the energy policy, as amended21 (the “Energy Order”). The DSO license is valid for a 
renewable period of 12 years. 
The key characteristics to be demonstrated by a candidate-operator relate to:  
 
20  In some cases, these companies originally were incorporated under a different name. 
21 Besluit van de Vlaamse Regering van 19 november 2010 houdende algemene bepalingen over het energiebeleid.

--- Page 108 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
108 
• 
the legal ownership or sufficient exploitation rights over a distribution network;  
• 
its financial, organisational and technical capabilities;  
• 
its professional reliability;  
• 
the operational and legal independence (“unbundling”) of the candidate-operator from all 
companies that are active in electricity generation or the import of natural gas, companies holding 
a supply license, intermediaries, energy service providers (ESCOs) and aggregators, as well as 
their affiliates or associated companies;  
• 
its capability to comply with the GDPR in the performance of its data management; and 
• 
the capability to comply with uniform conditions for a continuous risk management system. 
The Energy Order sets out more detailed conditions relating to each of these requirements.  
On the basis of the evidence provided by the operators, the VREG extensively controls on a continuous 
basis their compliance with the appointment requirements and conditions.  
The VREG must also give its prior approval for the appointment of an operating company by a DSO. 
The relevant Guarantors (i.e., all Guarantors with the exception of Riobra, which is not a DSO) have 
appointed the Issuer as their operating company for electricity and gas in accordance with the 
requirements and conditions of the Energy Decree and the Energy Order. These Guarantors have been 
allowed to use the services of Fluvius System Operator as their operating company by a decision of the 
VREG of 26 June 2018. The appointment is for the same duration as the Guarantor’s own DSO license. 
Termination/revocation of DSO license 
The DSO license is automatically terminated in the event of bankruptcy22, liquidation or merger. In 
addition, the VREG can revoke a Guarantor’s DSO license in accordance with the Energy Decree in 
each of the following circumstances: 
 
a significant change in the shareholding of the DSO or its operating company that may jeopardise 
the independent grid operation or the data management activities; 
 
a heavy breach by the DSO or its operating company of their obligations under the Energy Decree 
and implementing legislation; and 
 
a heavy breach of compliance with the GDPR.  
The VREG can withdraw its approval of the Issuer as operating company if the Issuer no longer complies 
with the criteria of its appointment (i.e., the same as for the DSO license set out above, and regarding 
the control of the DSO over the operating company) and the unbundling requirements. 
However, the Guarantors and the Issuer deem this risk to be very remote, since they meticulously comply 
with the rules. Furthermore, compliance by the Issuer and Guarantors with their legal obligations is 
monitored on an ongoing basis by the regulator and other supervising authorities. It should also be noted 
that the VREG may never proceed to the drastic decision of revoking a license or approval without a 
prior notification to the relevant Guarantor (and/or the Issuer) allowing it to rectify the situation or to 
object to the proposed revocation.  
 
22 It should be noted that in their current capacity the Guarantors are not subject to bankruptcy proceedings. Please also refer to the risk factor 
entitled “The Guarantors cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings, which impacts the enforceability possibilities for Noteholders in 
relation to the Guarantors”.

--- Page 109 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
109 
For a further description of the Guarantors’ principal activities and their position in the energy and other 
markets, we refer to section 3.2 – ‘Organisation of the Belgian Electricity Market’, section 3.3 – 
‘Organisation of the Belgian Gas Market’, section 3.4 – ‘Organisation of the Flemish Sewerage Market’ 
and section 3.5 – ‘Organisation of the Flemish cable television (CATV) Market’. In section 4 – 
‘Regulatory and contractual framework applicable to the Guarantors’, the regulations applicable to the 
tariffs used by the Guarantors are set out. 
Distribution of electricity  
With its decisions of 30 September 2014 (PBE), 27 January 2015 (Fluvius West), 3 February 2015 
(Gaselwest, Intergem, Imewo, Iverlek, Iveka and Sibelgas), 24 February 2015 (Fluvius Limburg) and 25 
April 2019 (Fluvius Antwerpen), all as amended from time to time, the VREG renewed all of the DSOs’ 
electricity distribution licenses. The renewed licenses are in principle valid for a twelve-year period, 
starting on 5 September 2014 and expiring on 5 September 2026.23 
Distribution of gas  
With its decisions of 29 September 2015, as amended from time to time, the VREG renewed all of the 
DSOs’ gas distribution licenses (other than PBE, which does not hold a gas distribution license). The 
renewed licenses are in principle valid for a twelve-year period, starting on 14 October 2015 and expiring 
on 14 October 2027. 
General Shareholders’ Meeting  
Under the Local Government Decree, a General Shareholders’ Meeting is convened twice a year: in the 
course of the first semester for discussing and approving the annual financial statements of the previous 
financial year, and in the course of the second semester for a discussion on the budgets and the strategy 
for the following year.  
Corporate Governance provisions 
The Guarantors’ articles of association contain stringent provisions on corporate governance. These 
provisions are based on several legal and regulatory provisions as to their independent functioning in a 
liberalised energy market and the rules for a non-discriminatory access to the distribution grids for all 
distribution network users. In this regard, reference is made to the detailed requirements set out in the 
Energy Decree and Energy Order, which are strictly complied with by each of the relevant Guarantors.  
Since none of the Guarantors is a listed company, the Corporate Governance Code for Listed Companies 
does not apply to the Guarantors. The recommendations of the Code Buysse do apply to the Guarantors. 
However, given the nature of the eleven Guarantors and the fact that an extensive set of binding corporate 
governance rules has been imposed upon them by law (see above), the Guarantors do not apply the Code 
Buysse to the extent that full compliance would be impossible, redundant or overly burdensome. 
The unbundling regime 
General  
The EU has introduced legislation containing unbundling rules for DSOs which aim to ensure that there 
is no conflict of interest for these system operators in the delivery of their services and no incentive to 
carry out their activities in a manner which might favour certain parties over other parties in the energy 
markets. These rules ensure that DSOs are not allowed to operate or have an interest in the businesses 
 
23 For the sake of completeness, it can be noted that Fluvius Limburg was finally appointed as DSO for the territory of the municipality of Voeren 
by a decision of the VREG of 7 November 2016, for a twelve-year period starting on 1 January 2016 and expiring on 1 January 2028.

--- Page 110 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
110 
of energy generation and energy supply and other related energy businesses (subject to limited 
exceptions). There are different levels of unbundling: accounting, functional, legal and ownership 
unbundling.  
The Third Energy Package24 in principle only requires transmission system operators (“TSOs”) to be 
fully “ownership” unbundled. European legislation does not oblige DSOs to be “ownership” unbundled, 
but it imposes legal and functional unbundling. This is the case in Belgium as well where only TSOs are 
subject to the most stringent rules on ownership unbundling. The Flemish Region has implemented the 
Third Energy Package by introducing specific unbundling rules applicable to DSOs (such as the 
Guarantors) and their operating company.  
Unbundling of the Flemish DSOs  
At the start of the liberalisation of the energy market the Flemish Region opted for a model of legal and 
functional DSO unbundling. Unbundling rules for DSOs and their operating companies are specified in 
both (i) the Energy Decree and (ii) the Energy Order. These rules affect both the Guarantors as DSOs 
and the Issuer as operating company.  
The Energy Decree stipulates that DSOs and their operating companies cannot develop activities 
involving the supply or production of electricity and natural gas or the provision of commercial energy 
services (including acting as aggregator). In addition, the Energy Order contains, inter alia, the following 
unbundling restrictions:  
• 
Maximum participation of 30% in a DSO’s share capital. Companies active in electricity 
generation or import of natural gas, intermediaries, companies holding a supply license, energy 
service providers (ESCOs) and aggregators (“Production or Supply Entities”) or their affiliates 
or associated companies are prohibited from owning individually or jointly more than 30% of the 
share capital of a DSO or its operating company.  
• 
No participation in Production or Supply Entities. DSOs and their operating companies cannot 
directly or indirectly participate in Production or Supply Entities or their affiliates or associated 
companies.  
• 
Corporate governance restrictions. The other unbundling restrictions mainly relate to corporate 
governance and the share of independent directors in the various corporate bodies.  
2.5 
The Guarantors’ shareholding 
All capital shares representing of the Guarantors’ equity are currently held by Flemish local authorities 
(cities and municipalities). No shareholder exercises control over any Guarantor. 
The Guarantors have also issued non-voting shares and profit certificates. For more details, see the 
relevant tables below.  
 
24  With regard to the electricity market, it concerns the Third Electricity Directive (2009/72/EC). For the gas market, it concerns the Third Gas 
Directive (2009/72/EC). The recast Electricity Directive (EU) 2019/944, which was approved as part of the Clean Energy Package, has not 
substantially altered these unbundling regimes for TSOs and DSOs.

--- Page 111 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
111 
Shareholding per Guarantor  
The tables below set out the number of voting shares, non-voting shares and profit certificates held by 
each of the Guarantors’ shareholders (situation on 30 June 2020).25 
1. 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
 
 
25 The abbreviations used in these tables refer to the terminology as set out in the articles of association of the Guarantors. The current articles 
of association of the Guarantors are available in Dutch on the website of the Issuer (https://over.fluvius.be/nl/thema/de-opdrachthoudende-
verenigingen). 
Ae
A'e
Ag
A'g
Ak
Apg
Apt
Ar
Ate
Aw
Aov
Ce
Cg
Ck
Cov Cpg Cpt
Cr
Cw
Total profit 
certificates
Aartselaar
154.062
7.064
127.956
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
289.083
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
3
Antwerpen
5.369.457
8.434
4.261.418
-- 
2.539.812
596.932
781.729
-- 
1
2
13.557.785
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
6
Boechout
152.329
-- 
118.748
-- 
-- 
-- 
20.237
-- 
-- 
1
291.315
50.800
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
1
-- 
1
5
Boom
131.990
-- 
149.464
-- 
118.672
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
400.126
23.094
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
4
Borsbeek
68.295
738
68.203
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
137.237
4.484
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
4
Brasschaat
559.990
27.029
399.781
-- 
263.002
64.009
48.853
-- 
1
-- 
1.362.665
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Brecht
363.700
-- 
191.610
-- 
52.978
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
608.289
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
4
Duffel
304.870
12.280
191.887
-- 
-- 
26.823
59.592
-- 
1
-- 
595.453
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
4
Edegem
153.095
-- 
157.280
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
310.375
21.110
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
3
Essen
456.233
158.886
-- 
-- 
101.334
-- 
47.424
411.834
-- 
-- 
1.175.711
79.200
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
5
Grobbendonk
-- 
-- 
99.513
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
335.282
-- 
-- 
434.795
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
2
Hemiksem
148.967
43.924
161.831
-- 
71.074
-- 
17.033
-- 
-- 
1
442.830
26.100
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
1
6
Hove
76.069
-- 
62.647
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
138.717
23.394
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
4
Kampenhout
-- 
-- 
25.105
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
25.105
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
Kapellen
383.061
56.897
246.515
-- 
127.675
33.781
43.293
-- 
1
1
891.224
47.900
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
7
Kontich
235.961
-- 
189.938
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
425.899
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
2
Laakdal
-- 
-- 
51.164
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
51.165
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
2
Lier
409.133
-- 
328.868
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
738.002
51.438
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
4
Lille
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
661.704
-- 
-- 
661.704
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
1
Lint
58.712
-- 
60.007
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
118.719
8.934
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
3
Malle
216.026
-- 
148.486
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
364.513
20.717
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
4
Merksplas
136.871
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
5.363
-- 
-- 
-- 
142.234
37.600
1
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
3
Mortsel
303.437
3.697
211.711
-- 
-- 
46.754
27.645
-- 
1
1
593.246
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
5
Niel
132.919
16.017
111.807
-- 
64.974
-- 
12.786
-- 
-- 
-- 
338.503
31.600
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
5
Nijlen
498.474
141.638
208.075
-- 
-- 
-- 
43.205
114
-- 
1
891.507
92.900
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
1
1
1
6
Ranst
237.636
-- 
167.126
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
404.763
21.922
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
4
Rumst
171.158
1.452
162.586
-- 
54.235
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
389.432
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
4
Schelle
87.178
-- 
72.130
-- 
56.138
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
215.446
10.937
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
4
Schilde
253.816
-- 
185.825
-- 
89.004
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
528.646
10.634
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
5
Schoten
332.234
10.500
275.381
-- 
234.720
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
852.835
27.113
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
4
Stabroek
134.316
3.042
162.825
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
300.184
23.008
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
4
Steenokkerzeel
-- 
-- 
46.022
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
46.022
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
Wijnegem
111.913
-- 
88.248
-- 
62.608
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
262.770
20.158
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
5
Willebroek
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
107.286
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
107.286
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
Wommelgem
158.356
8.207
112.079
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
278.642
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
2
Zelzate
119.790
-- 
32.125
-- 
-- 
-- 
16.804
-- 
-- 
1
168.720
38.000
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
1
-- 
1
5
Zoersel
248.196
1.817
180.177
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
430.190
21.323
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
3
Zwijndrecht
263.705
2.200
164.207
-- 
-- 
22.940
29.237
-- 
1
-- 
482.290
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
4
TOTAL
12.431.949
503.822
9.220.745
-- 
3.943.512
791.239
1.153.201
1.408.934
6
20
29.453.428
692.366
32
34
14
22
6
13
4
19
144
Non-voting shares
Grid management electricity & gas
Ancillary activity
Voting shares
Total grid 
management + 
ancillary activity
Profit certificates
Shareholders

--- Page 112 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
112 
2. 
Fluvius Limburg 
 
3. 
Fluvius West 
 
Ae
Be
Ag
Bg
Cg
Total grid 
management
At
Bt
Ar
Br
Total ancillary 
activity
Ve
Cg
Wr
Total
Alken
395
29.419
36.670
16.810
18.955
102.249
46
13.729
4
207.039
220.818
323.067
12.078
14.450
41.407
67.935
As
92
25.086
19.189
11.990
13.520
69.877
32
12.816
-- 
-- 
12.848
82.725
7.943
5.828
-- 
13.771
Beringen
1.362
123.382
91.336
67.752
76.397
360.229
172
54.191
10
945.719
1.000.092
1.360.321
43.145
48.576
189.143
280.864
Bilzen
1.054
90.910
78.934
47.259
53.290
271.447
124
38.387
-- 
-- 
38.511
309.958
32.398
28.126
-- 
60.524
Bocholt
421
56.180
41.465
19.165
21.611
138.842
52
20.664
4
360.923
381.643
520.485
13.044
12.050
72.184
97.278
Borgloon
422
35.616
28.869
15.943
17.977
98.827
42
15.116
4
155.533
170.695
269.522
11.188
11.736
31.106
54.030
Bree 
581
61.167
63.781
23.514
26.515
175.558
62
24.353
4
268.964
293.383
468.941
15.433
17.688
53.792
86.913
Diepenbeek
593
55.683
67.861
27.821
31.371
183.329
74
21.387
-- 
499.166
520.627
703.956
18.813
20.990
99.833
139.636
Dilsen-Stokkem
659
66.743
67.387
30.100
33.941
198.830
80
24.200
4
474.506
498.790
697.620
20.037
34.044
94.901
148.982
Genk
520
190.063
200.817
96.815
109.169
597.384
260
87.221
14
1.361.733
1.449.228
2.046.612
69.767
68.271
272.346
410.384
Gingelom
363
15.374
9.269
12.287
-- 
37.293
34
9.083
2
190.168
199.287
236.580
8.371
-- 
38.033
46.404
Halen
337
30.441
20.472
13.781
15.539
80.570
38
12.899
2
171.593
184.532
265.102
9.027
10.290
34.318
53.635
Ham
341
34.074
22.668
15.930
17.963
90.976
42
15.080
4
230.944
246.070
337.046
10.243
6.275
46.188
62.706
Hamont-Achel
497
58.373
82.430
21.006
23.686
185.992
58
22.625
-- 
-- 
22.683
208.675
15.047
41.688
-- 
56.735
Hasselt
2.533
183.833
461.483
114.459
129.063
891.371
294
102.200
16
1.424.651
1.527.161
2.418.532
75.623
300.080
284.930
660.633
Hechtel-Eksel
378
52.721
39.378
18.155
20.471
131.103
48
18.655
4
373.160
391.867
522.970
12.390
10.847
74.632
97.869
Heers
309
14.811
12.048
10.805
12.183
50.156
30
7.947
2
69.098
77.077
127.233
7.263
179
13.819
21.261
Herk-de-Stad
409
40.711
40.551
18.472
20.829
120.972
50
22.314
4
283.583
305.951
426.923
12.805
16.699
56.716
86.220
Herstappe
11
363
256
121
137
888
2
149
2
10.490
10.643
11.531
93
154
2.098
2.345
Heusden-Zolder
1.087
88.303
113.330
49.277
55.564
307.561
128
39.601
-- 
-- 
39.729
347.290
33.139
35.945
-- 
69.084
Hoeselt
349
28.661
22.748
14.163
15.970
81.891
40
12.271
2
152.582
164.895
246.786
10.137
8.496
30.516
49.149
Houthalen-Helchteren
971
104.091
134.367
44.814
50.532
334.775
122
41.189
8
696.965
738.284
1.073.059
32.266
58.323
139.393
229.982
Kinrooi
409
52.076
38.182
17.797
20.068
128.532
50
18.414
4
263.954
282.422
410.954
12.981
893
52.790
66.664
Kortessem
254
24.081
15.582
12.341
13.916
66.174
34
12.447
2
106.524
119.007
185.181
8.894
2.800
21.304
32.998
Laakdal
124
35.700
-- 
-- 
-- 
35.824
62
17.045
-- 
-- 
17.107
52.931
16.408
-- 
-- 
16.408
Lanaken
852
58.719
111.163
37.776
42.596
251.106
102
32.385
6
600.098
632.591
883.697
25.983
75.578
120.019
221.580
Leopoldsburg
190
37.121
35.492
23.032
25.971
121.806
60
19.628
4
143.610
163.302
285.108
15.298
20.572
28.722
64.592
Lommel
1.052
138.643
166.939
49.819
56.176
412.629
132
51.137
-- 
-- 
51.269
463.898
33.415
70.835
-- 
104.250
Lummen
478
50.742
46.531
21.767
24.545
144.063
58
20.131
4
249.067
269.260
413.323
14.926
18.436
49.813
83.175
Maaseik
819
93.445
73.311
37.010
41.733
246.318
100
35.679
6
614.545
650.330
896.648
25.190
38.055
122.909
186.154
Maasmechelen
1.398
102.115
149.005
56.305
63.490
372.313
148
49.437
8
739.125
788.718
1.161.031
39.605
71.496
147.825
258.926
Nieuwerkerken
237
21.326
14.892
10.156
11.451
58.062
28
8.709
2
244.157
252.896
310.958
7.071
387
48.831
56.289
Oudsbergen
693
82.751
58.127
34.401
38.790
214.762
94
33.041
8
865.714
898.857
1.113.619
23.835
13.143
173.142
210.120
Peer
485
73.660
66.137
23.912
26.963
191.157
66
22.478
4
437.887
460.435
651.592
16.693
21.148
87.577
125.418
Pelt
983
119.217
146.049
48.098
54.236
368.583
124
45.309
4
831.426
876.863
1.245.446
30.732
66.793
166.285
263.810
Riemst
635
42.048
45.219
24.494
27.619
140.015
66
17.818
4
373.346
391.234
531.249
17.351
14.508
74.669
106.528
Sint-Truiden
1.468
75.187
283.003
59.337
66.909
485.904
158
46.087
8
974.893
1.021.146
1.507.050
41.614
121.773
194.978
358.365
Tessenderlo
551
62.389
56.641
27.210
30.682
177.473
72
27.162
-- 
-- 
27.234
204.707
17.130
23.627
-- 
40.757
Tongeren
1.261
97.536
110.366
45.312
51.094
305.569
122
43.738
8
458.854
502.722
808.291
33.255
79.977
91.770
205.002
Voeren
34
14.735
-- 
-- 
-- 
14.769
-- 
-- 
2
63.976
63.978
78.747
7.830
-- 
12.795
20.625
Wellen
270
24.794
30.784
10.777
12.152
78.777
30
9.622
-- 
-- 
9.652
88.429
7.397
5.653
-- 
13.050
Zonhoven
633
68.843
59.346
31.046
35.007
194.875
84
28.968
6
574.975
604.033
798.908
20.966
22.570
114.995
158.531
Zutendaal
189
23.415
17.131
10.656
12.015
63.406
30
11.287
2
170.457
181.776
245.182
7.324
1.114
34.091
42.529
Total Municipalities
26.699
2.684.548
3.179.209
1.271.685
1.420.096
8.582.237
3.450 1.166.599
172
15.589.425
16.759.646
25.341.883
894.148
1.420.093
3.117.870
5.432.111
PBE
-- 
-- 
230.915
92.366
225.981
549.262
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
225.981
-- 
Overall total
26.699
2.684.548
3.410.124
1.364.051
1.646.077
9.131.499
3.450 1.166.599
172
15.589.425
16.759.646
25.341.883
894.148
1.646.074
3.117.870
5.432.111
Shareholders
Voting shares & profit certificates
Grid management electricity & gas
Ancillary activity
Total grid 
management + 
ancillary 
activity
Non-voting shares & profit certificates
Shareholders
shares 
electricity
profit 
certificates 
electricity
shares gas
profit 
certificates 
gas
shares 
CATV
Profit 
certificates 
CATV
shares 
sewerage
profit 
certificates 
sewerage
shares 
public 
lighting
Total 
shares
Total profit 
certificates
Asse
1.394
1.394
0
Beerse
44.172
10.190
424.744
5.740
468.916
15.930
Diksmuide
258.973
82.944
40.764
14.549
30.535
9.743
340.296
4.599
30.933
701.501
111.835
Dilbeek
1.875
1.875
0
Galmaarden
385
385
0
Gistel
138.248
48.695
38.601
12.735
22.546
7.164
281.736
3.807
23.632
504.763
72.401
Gooik
433
433
0
Grimbergen
1.635
1.635
0
Harelbeke
393.894
125.567
110.426
35.567
56.101
17.599
574.679
7.766
51.454
1.186.554
186.499
Herne
337
337
0
Hooglede
181.205
57.659
30.324
10.108
19.251
6.010
276.522
3.737
16.251
523.553
77.514
Houthulst
209.915
2.837
209.915
2.837
Ichtegem
316.432
4.276
316.432
4.276
Ingelmunster
242.795
3.281
242.795
3.281
Izegem
50
610.267
8.247
610.317
8.247
Jabbeke
186.441
60.605
30.456
8.715
34.175
251.072
69.320
Kampenhout
529
529
0
Koekelare
123.953
38.380
13.572
5.868
16.514
5.370
203.209
2.746
357.248
52.364
Kortemark
193.868
62.631
23.704
7.476
256.078
3.461
21.114
494.764
73.568
Langemark-P.
159.819
2.160
159.819
2.160
Ledegem
112.794
37.448
25.253
9.091
18.929
5.840
13.762
170.738
52.379
Lendelede
93.105
30.832
23.122
6.455
11.272
3.530
134.256
1.814
10.433
272.188
42.631
Lennik
433
433
0
Lichtervelde
189.560
2.562
189.560
2.562
Liedekerke
577
577
0
Machelen
577
577
0
Meise
914
914
0
Merchtem
722
722
0
Middelkerke
397.213
137.077
77.608
25.939
86.866
29.345
561.687
192.361
Moorslede
207.546
2.805
207.546
2.805
Nieuwpoort
38.491
13.411
38.491
13.411
Opwijk
97
97
0
Oudenburg
89.225
33.736
28.990
10.408
19.537
6.080
198.696
2.685
23.391
359.839
52.909
Pittem
144.394
1.951
144.394
1.951
Pepingen
241
241
0
Roosdaal
529
529
0
Staden
238.027
3.217
238.027
3.217
Steenokkerzeel
529
529
0
Torhout
271.581
94.310
42.981
16.015
40.614
13.185
406.094
5.488
25.940
787.210
128.998
Vilvoorde
1.731
1.731
0
Vosselaar
83.567
26.962
48.359
13.265
26.550
6.514
230.478
3.115
23.817
412.771
49.856
Wevelgem
482.336
145.334
31.791
9.828
54.623
568.750
155.162
TOTAL
3.006.453
982.180
480.000
160.000
530.267
160.000
5.645.543
76.294
329.525
9.991.788
1.378.474

--- Page 113 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
113 
4. 
Gaselwest  
 
Ae
Ag
Total grid 
management
Apg
Apt
Ate
Aw
Total ancillary 
activity
Aov
Ce
Cg
Cov
Cpg
Cpt
Cw
Total profit 
certificates
Alveringem
79.541
13.756
93.297
6.213
20.432
1
-- 
26.646
119.943
6.865
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Anzegem
250.861
28.873
279.734
18.766
63.192
1
1
81.960
361.694
18.747
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Ardooie
283.135
125.123
408.258
101.271
94.249
1
-- 
195.521
603.779
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Avelgem
89.280
11.323
100.603
21.409
16.316
1
-- 
37.726
138.329
10.168
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
De Haan
266.131
168.323
434.454
90.263
69.438
1
-- 
159.702
594.156
51.084
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
De Panne
293.910
194.220
488.130
74.706
62.603
1
-- 
137.310
625.440
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Deerlijk
301.299
106.236
407.535
55.577
75.962
1
-- 
131.540
539.075
14.391
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Deinze
585.474
185.017
770.491
102.005
167.885
1
1
269.892
1.040.383
72.286
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Dentergem
137.450
24.029
161.479
10.518
41.771
1
1
52.291
213.770
9.301
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Gavere
271.058
22.289
293.347
2.935
38.041
1
1
40.978
334.325
29.510
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Heuvelland
197.371
39.270
236.641
52.690
47.758
1
-- 
100.449
337.090
11.368
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Horebeke
43.860
740
44.600
-- 
5.335
1
1
5.337
49.937
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
1
1
4
Houthulst
118.207
12.483
130.690
2.777
38.147
1
-- 
40.925
171.615
12.612
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Ichtegem
174.088
108.000
282.088
75.097
38.975
1
-- 
114.073
396.161
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Ieper
759.642
452.867
1.212.509
306.112
184.424
1
-- 
490.537
1.703.046
64.692
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Ingelmunster
215.453
88.894
304.347
45.890
41.942
1
-- 
87.833
392.180
15.601
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Izegem
-- 
347.906
347.906
150.683
-- 
1
1
150.685
498.591
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
1
-- 
1
3
Kluisbergen
146.567
21.083
167.650
30.822
53.966
1
-- 
84.789
252.439
20.068
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Koksijde
584.764
316.576
901.340
125.541
107.080
1
-- 
232.622
1.133.962
70.908
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Kortemark
-- 
61.633
61.633
154.010
-- 
-- 
-- 
154.010
215.643
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
2
Kortrijk
1.581.525
1.063.310
2.644.835
406.307
334.473
1
-- 
740.781
3.385.616
126.411
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Kruisem
363.845
38.244
402.089
23.728
71.892
2
2
95.624
497.713
30.959
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Kuurne
295.220
174.037
469.257
94.666
85.020
1
-- 
179.687
648.944
21.524
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Langemark-Poelkapelle
129.294
20.202
149.496
32.485
48.677
1
-- 
81.163
230.659
8.574
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Lo-Reninge
51.479
13.235
64.714
5.724
13.417
1
-- 
19.142
83.856
7.389
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Maarkedal
147.564
2.362
149.926
-- 
17.615
1
-- 
17.616
167.542
5.186
1
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
4
Menen
452.249
419.277
871.526
211.299
128.604
1
-- 
339.904
1.211.430
43.575
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Mesen
14.003
13.288
27.291
4.256
1.619
1
-- 
5.876
33.167
2.989
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Meulebeke
197.735
80.020
277.755
59.637
48.327
1
1
107.966
385.721
14.290
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Moorslede
152.502
75.229
227.731
35.958
37.886
1
-- 
73.845
301.576
14.511
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Nazareth
220.549
20.178
240.727
2.593
56.766
1
-- 
59.360
300.087
27.833
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Nieuwpoort
266.389
149.246
415.635
58.956
44.530
-- 
-- 
103.486
519.121
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Oostrozebeke
161.039
38.363
199.402
36.937
51.997
1
-- 
88.935
288.337
10.918
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Oudenaarde
587.889
264.825
852.714
298.333
164.557
1
1
462.892
1.315.606
81.744
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Pittem
162.620
64.797
227.417
78.424
48.357
1
1
126.783
354.200
10.763
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Poperinge
310.652
152.463
463.115
80.968
76.735
1
-- 
157.704
620.819
55.000
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Roeselare
1.113.670
741.165
1.854.835
401.463
314.648
1
-- 
716.112
2.570.947
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Ronse
495.401
347.617
843.018
156.750
103.376
1
1
260.128
1.103.146
53.676
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Ruiselede
85.950
26.424
112.374
14.628
26.114
1
-- 
40.743
153.117
7.687
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Spiere-Helkijn
36.923
4.374
41.297
1.272
18.497
1
1
19.771
61.068
4.453
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Staden
273.533
96.783
370.316
91.046
120.494
1
-- 
211.541
581.857
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Tielt
460.977
201.054
662.031
166.633
129.028
1
1
295.663
957.694
31.246
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Veurne
251.341
155.215
406.556
128.081
90.557
1
-- 
218.639
625.195
19.440
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Vleteren
41.001
10.848
51.849
5.724
10.396
1
-- 
16.121
67.970
6.396
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Waregem
904.096
338.991
1.243.087
319.664
289.579
1
-- 
609.244
1.852.331
63.614
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Wervik
204.724
161.044
365.768
82.876
53.411
1
-- 
136.288
502.056
30.156
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Wevelgem
-- 
143.639
143.639
189.332
-- 
1
-- 
189.333
332.972
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
2
Wielsbeke
107.661
46.407
154.068
152.004
73.922
1
1
225.928
379.996
24.827
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Wingene
300.714
72.937
373.651
43.248
51.743
1
-- 
94.992
468.643
36.890
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Wortegem-Petegem
131.209
2.957
134.166
-- 
26.678
1
-- 
26.679
160.845
9.841
1
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
4
Zonnebeke
191.935
84.223
276.158
93.448
98.632
1
-- 
192.081
468.239
21.026
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Zulte
310.780
38.759
349.539
12.280
66.031
1
-- 
78.312
427.851
33.183
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Zwalm
140.719
5.695
146.414
49
16.107
1
1
16.158
162.572
11.074
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Zwevegem
330.859
92.927
423.786
47.358
80.324
1
1
127.684
551.470
39.621
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Total 
15.274.138
7.488.776
22.762.914
4.763.412
3.967.525
53
17
8.731.007
31.493.921
1.262.397
51
54
44
51
51
16
267
Shareholders
Voting shares
Grid management electricity & gas
Ancillary activity
Total grid 
management + 
ancillary 
activity
Non-voting shares
Profit certificates

--- Page 114 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
114 
5. 
Imewo  
 
6. 
Intergem 
 
Ae
Ag
Total grid 
management
Apg
Apt
Ate
Aw
Total ancillary 
activity
Aov
Ce
Cg
Cov
Cpg
Cpt
Cw
Total profit 
certificates
Aalter
312.811
119.496
432.307
144.304
113.903
2
-- 
258.209
690.516
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Assenede
155.456
58.569
214.025
38.351
34.279
1
1
72.632
286.657
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
5
Beernem
155.649
57.462
213.111
63.879
57.206
1
-- 
121.086
334.197
32.721
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Berlare
136.276
47.601
183.877
37.395
33.043
1
-- 
70.439
254.316
13.853
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Blankenberge
214.162
176.483
390.645
95.101
71.900
1
-- 
167.002
557.647
39.256
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Bredene
135.986
85.250
221.236
54.161
56.428
1
-- 
110.590
331.826
36.654
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Brugge
1.275.699
1.066.381
2.342.080
664.453
597.122
1
-- 
1.261.576
3.603.656
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Damme
100.664
48.870
149.534
38.829
37.835
1
-- 
76.665
226.199
32.995
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
De Pinte
93.691
34.442
128.133
24.910
23.008
1
-- 
47.919
176.052
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Deinze (Nevele)
143.249
41.777
185.026
31.919
32.183
1
-- 
64.103
249.129
19.370
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Destelbergen
183.869
109.213
293.082
64.715
33.522
1
1
98.239
391.321
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
5
Eeklo
271.839
248.300
520.139
97.809
86.151
1
-- 
183.961
704.100
26.259
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Evergem
448.077
205.562
653.639
142.393
110.743
1
-- 
253.137
906.776
57.376
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Gent
4.144.211
3.186.874
7.331.085
1.371.219
1.108.976
1
-- 
2.480.196
9.811.281
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Jabbeke
-- 
83.641
83.641
18.220
16.024
1
-- 
34.245
117.886
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
3
Kaprijke
75.926
27.636
103.562
21.585
19.095
1
-- 
40.681
144.243
25.251
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Knokke-Heist
589.969
406.159
996.128
194.981
201.119
1
1
396.102
1.392.230
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
5
Laarne
133.712
60.832
194.544
44.106
38.362
1
-- 
82.469
277.013
22.299
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Lede
146.718
99.073
245.791
38.829
32.173
1
-- 
71.003
316.794
13.037
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Lichtervelde
88.807
43.203
132.010
39.785
29.745
1
-- 
69.531
201.541
12.442
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Lievegem
281.645
133.131
414.776
88.729
74.916
3
1
163.649
578.425
53.046
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Lochristi
263.661
132.831
396.492
68.678
51.377
1
1
120.057
516.549
39.313
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Lokeren
420.520
289.917
710.437
181.700
134.461
1
-- 
316.162
1.026.599
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Maldegem
239.157
167.165
406.322
79.589
71.704
1
-- 
151.294
557.616
18.975
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Melle
114.494
100.997
215.491
37.873
28.637
1
1
66.512
282.003
23.645
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Merelbeke
177.626
171.515
349.141
97.988
74.014
1
-- 
172.003
521.144
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Moerbeke
73.804
37.795
111.599
20.131
15.999
1
1
36.132
147.731
10.900
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Oostende
1.060.580
535.900
1.596.480
326.223
276.252
1
-- 
602.476
2.198.956
172.524
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Oosterzele
136.349
33.523
169.872
33.074
21.397
1
-- 
54.472
224.344
21.521
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Oostkamp
212.965
87.612
300.577
89.824
71.111
1
-- 
160.936
461.513
48.684
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Sint-Laureins
78.916
32.195
111.111
20.609
17.791
1
-- 
38.401
149.512
10.146
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Sint-Lievens-Houtem
107.415
20.317
127.732
46.515
30.082
1
-- 
76.598
204.330
11.267
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Sint-Martens-Latem
90.742
31.064
121.806
29.769
22.466
1
-- 
52.236
174.042
17.203
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Wachtebeke
55.435
20.801
76.236
21.585
13.958
1
-- 
35.544
111.780
18.321
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Wetteren
308.354
197.773
506.127
150.836
129.134
1
-- 
279.971
786.098
40.543
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Wichelen
116.625
44.586
161.211
26.264
22.219
1
-- 
48.484
209.695
17.714
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Zedelgem
187.838
101.217
289.055
99.243
78.882
1
-- 
178.126
467.181
40.690
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Zele
258.641
205.868
464.509
120.330
104.119
1
-- 
224.450
688.959
35.777
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Zuienkerke
33.593
9.748
43.341
9.060
6.896
1
-- 
15.957
59.298
3.842
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Total 
13.025.131
8.560.779
21.585.910
4.774.964
3.978.232
42
7
8.753.245
30.339.155
915.624
38
39
29
39
39
7
191
Shareholders
Profit certificates
Voting shares
Grid management electricity & gas
Ancillary activity
Total grid 
management + 
ancillary activity
Non-voting shares
Ae
Ag
Total grid 
management
Apg
Apt
Ape
Ate
Aw
Total ancillary 
activity
Aov
Ce
Cg
Cov
Cpg
Cpt
Cpe
Cw
Total profit 
certificates
Aalst
1.176.018
628.026
1.804.044
357.271
333.386
111.052
1
1
801.711
2.605.755
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
1
6
Affligem
108.906
31.500
140.406
12.420
38.216
12.730
1
-- 
63.367
203.773
14.093
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Bever
14.928
221
15.149
-- 
6.224
2.073
-- 
-- 
8.297
23.446
2.584
1
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
5
Beveren
719.677
326.004
1.045.681
214.363
165.597
55.161
1
-- 
435.122
1.480.803
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
5
Brakel
124.453
23.854
148.307
9.106
57.895
19.285
1
-- 
86.287
234.594
26.324
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Buggenhout
185.746
73.440
259.186
32.612
52.591
17.519
1
1
102.724
361.910
10.554
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
Denderleeuw
167.448
108.867
276.315
53.700
67.887
22.613
1
-- 
144.201
420.516
28.836
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Dendermonde
582.389
448.810
1.031.199
260.728
169.607
56.497
1
-- 
486.833
1.518.032
51.336
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Erpe-Mere
230.344
33.465
263.809
5.105
76.959
25.635
1
1
107.701
371.510
27.913
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
Geraardsbergen
309.484
214.325
523.809
124.488
126.942
42.285
1
-- 
293.716
817.525
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
5
Haaltert
168.123
66.200
234.323
25.068
70.451
23.467
1
-- 
118.987
353.310
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
5
Hamme
242.215
210.287
452.502
113.610
94.095
31.343
1
-- 
239.049
691.551
21.986
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Herzele
142.680
42.688
185.368
13.982
66.287
22.081
1
1
102.352
287.720
25.173
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
Kruibeke
168.091
116.418
284.509
79.665
60.962
20.307
1
-- 
160.935
445.444
30.456
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Lebbeke
193.898
111.793
305.691
56.576
77.265
25.738
1
1
159.581
465.272
15.874
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
Lierde
49.522
9.804
59.326
667
25.069
8.351
1
1
34.089
93.415
6.827
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
Ninove
428.927
194.794
623.721
99.628
112.145
45.789
1
-- 
257.563
881.284
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
5
Sint-Gillis-Waas
171.362
146.179
317.541
73.455
62.584
20.847
1
-- 
156.887
474.428
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
5
Sint-Niklaas
1.043.690
686.912
1.730.602
382.131
229.492
93.702
1
-- 
705.326
2.435.928
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
5
Stekene
162.359
135.248
297.607
68.558
55.571
18.511
1
-- 
142.641
440.248
25.917
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Temse
341.494
240.326
581.820
134.032
95.453
31.796
1
-- 
261.282
843.102
32.526
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Waasmunster
101.276
51.407
152.683
20.421
33.330
11.102
1
1
64.855
217.538
13.926
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
Zottegem
275.848
110.816
386.664
54.596
103.955
34.628
1
1
193.181
579.845
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
1
6
Total
7.108.878
4.011.384
11.120.262
2.192.182
2.181.963
752.512
22
8
5.126.687
16.246.949
334.325
23
23
15
22
23
23
8
137
Shareholders
Profit certificates
Voting shares
Grid management electricity & gas
Ancillary activity
Total grid 
management 
+ ancillary 
activity
Non-voting shares

--- Page 115 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
115 
7. 
Iveka 
 
8. 
Iverlek  
 
Ae
Ag
Total Grid 
management
Apt
Aw
Total ancillary 
activity
Aov
Ce
Cg
Cov
Cpt
Cw
Total profit 
certificates
Arendonk
209.526
103.141
312.667
-- 
-- 
-- 
312.667
21.635
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Baarle-Hertog
50.031
8.253
58.284
-- 
1
1
58.285
4.469
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Balen
316.604
84.623
401.227
-- 
-- 
-- 
401.227
40.840
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Beerse
263.845
165.671
429.516
-- 
-- 
-- 
429.516
18.513
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Dessel
147.573
72.724
220.297
-- 
1
1
220.298
22.507
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Essen
-- 
90.698
90.698
-- 
-- 
-- 
90.698
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
Geel
587.493
300.779
888.272
-- 
-- 
-- 
888.272
80.320
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Grobbendonk
172.285
-- 
172.285
-- 
-- 
-- 
172.285
22.267
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
2
Herentals
446.641
266.160
712.801
-- 
-- 
-- 
712.801
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
2
Herenthout
132.426
90.493
222.919
-- 
1
1
222.920
9.649
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Hoogstraten
351.123
196.478
547.601
-- 
1
1
547.602
33.604
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Kalmthout
269.875
143.233
413.108
-- 
1
1
413.109
31.745
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Kasterlee
284.788
130.129
414.917
-- 
-- 
-- 
414.917
20.208
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Lille
274.876
153.435
428.311
-- 
1
1
428.312
17.987
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Meerhout
168.814
57.639
226.453
-- 
1
1
226.454
9.561
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Merksplas
-- 
70.961
70.961
-- 
-- 
-- 
70.961
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
Mol
545.061
267.482
812.543
-- 
1
1
812.544
53.852
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Olen
175.738
111.157
286.895
-- 
-- 
-- 
286.895
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
2
Oud-Turnhout
212.933
119.133
332.066
-- 
-- 
-- 
332.066
15.394
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Ravels
259.695
123.234
382.929
-- 
-- 
-- 
382.929
26.782
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Retie
175.434
86.124
261.558
-- 
1
1
261.559
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
1
3
Rijkevorsel
212.864
91.322
304.186
-- 
-- 
-- 
304.186
15.958
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Turnhout
518.717
414.743
933.460
-- 
-- 
-- 
933.460
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
2
Vorselaar
243.060
55.870
298.930
43.468
1
43.469
342.399
31.300
1
1
1
1
1
5
Westerlo
371.379
210.734
582.113
-- 
1
1
582.114
35.165
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Wuustwezel
313.603
151.191
464.794
-- 
1
1
464.795
37.557
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Zandhoven
202.565
107.116
309.681
-- 
1
1
309.682
13.385
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Total 
6.906.949
3.672.523
10.579.472
43.468
13
43.481
10.622.953
562.698
25
26
21
1
13
86
Shareholders
Profit certificates
Voting shares
Grid management electricity & gas
Ancillary activity
Total grid 
management + 
ancillary activity
Non-voting shares
Ae
Ag
Total grid 
management
Apg
Apt
Ate
Aw
Total ancillary 
activity
Aov
Ce
Cg
Cov
Cpg
Cpt
Cw
Total proft 
certificates
Aarschot
591.965
215.705
807.670
16.579
81.810
1
-- 
98.390
906.060
28.052
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Asse
505.426
293.883
799.309
-- 
137.510
-- 
1
137.511
936.820
40.574
1
1
1
-- 
1
1
5
Beersel
465.079
284.356
749.435
180.109
103.562
1
-- 
283.672
1.033.107
51.686
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Berlaar
197.460
121.461
318.921
68.246
41.683
1
-- 
109.930
428.851
10.650
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Bertem
154.225
68.535
222.760
30.810
30.080
1
1
60.892
283.652
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
5
Bierbeek
182.251
47.891
230.142
5.382
32.659
1
1
38.043
268.185
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
5
Bonheiden
260.732
129.037
389.769
69.720
54.574
1
-- 
124.295
514.064
12.891
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Boortmeerbeek
201.887
55.442
257.329
37.996
53.285
1
-- 
91.282
348.611
14.389
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Bornem
318.858
260.886
579.744
38.176
95.398
1
-- 
133.575
713.319
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Boutersem
117.563
54.007
171.570
18.936
24.924
1
-- 
43.861
215.431
9.411
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Diest
-- 
213.666
213.666
4.958
-- 
-- 
-- 
4.958
218.624
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
2
Dilbeek
590.053
503.381
1.093.434
292.385
152.980
-- 
-- 
445.365
1.538.799
47.331
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Drogenbos
90.232
111.888
202.120
12.375
27.502
-- 
-- 
39.877
241.997
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Haacht
260.213
49.123
309.336
8.673
53.715
1
-- 
62.389
371.725
15.301
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Halle
542.233
498.745
1.040.978
57.116
155.988
1
-- 
213.105
1.254.083
49.973
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Heist-op-den-Berg
732.483
298.776
1.031.259
150.631
164.153
1
1
314.786
1.346.045
54.919
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Herent
331.905
185.181
517.086
19.280
64.608
1
1
83.890
600.976
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
5
Herselt
278.775
57.741
336.516
33.077
52.856
1
-- 
85.934
422.450
10.273
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Hoegaarden
115.416
71.876
187.292
37.570
26.889
1
-- 
64.460
251.752
8.935
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Hoeilaart
171.377
124.409
295.786
78.573
36.526
1
-- 
115.100
410.886
18.508
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Huldenberg
169.635
39.765
209.400
15.682
31.370
1
-- 
47.053
256.453
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Hulshout
184.658
57.365
242.023
24.465
41.683
1
-- 
66.149
308.172
26.462
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Kapelle-op-den-Bos
136.300
77.214
213.514
8.885
36.096
1
1
44.983
258.497
27.572
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Keerbergen
206.900
27.971
234.871
2.914
52.362
1
-- 
55.277
290.148
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Kortenberg
323.943
225.801
549.744
5.904
67.466
1
-- 
73.371
623.115
23.534
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Kraainem
191.345
199.659
391.004
130.521
47.699
1
-- 
178.221
569.225
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Lennik
171.235
48.977
220.212
2.963
32.659
-- 
-- 
35.622
255.834
15.322
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Leuven
1.565.952
1.457.894
3.023.846
1.394.467
459.370
1
-- 
1.853.838
4.877.684
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Liedekerke
212.218
81.596
293.814
49.817
41.683
-- 
-- 
91.500
385.314
13.137
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Linkebeek
79.531
80.659
160.190
220.355
15.900
1
1
236.257
396.447
4.847
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Londerzeel
285.901
106.667
392.568
12.952
82.506
1
-- 
95.459
488.027
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Mechelen
1.398.799
1.411.504
2.810.303
818.528
376.005
1
-- 
1.194.534
4.004.837
105.190
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Merchtem
263.670
98.116
361.786
38.381
59.301
-- 
-- 
97.682
459.468
13.804
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Opwijk
211.016
68.220
279.236
24.195
50.672
1
-- 
74.868
354.104
18.262
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Overijse
439.102
277.539
716.641
176.747
103.132
1
-- 
279.880
996.521
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Putte
296.861
106.079
402.940
55.174
80.033
1
1
135.209
538.149
14.606
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Puurs-Sint-Amands
391.519
294.505
686.024
33.279
109.149
2
2
142.432
828.456
46.220
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Roosdaal
194.783
63.661
258.444
22.556
37.412
-- 
-- 
59.968
318.412
12.246
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Rotselaar
294.900
74.452
369.352
8.438
53.285
1
1
61.725
431.077
15.269
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Scherpenheuvel-Zichem
414.266
94.603
508.869
3.155
81.647
1
-- 
84.803
593.672
18.536
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Sint-Genesius-Rode
287.982
247.505
535.487
185.913
76.490
1
1
262.405
797.892
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
5
Sint-Katelijne-Waver
375.324
224.828
600.152
137.899
104.724
1
-- 
242.624
842.776
23.888
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw
562.105
407.161
969.266
239.652
156.736
1
1
396.390
1.365.656
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
5
Ternat
264.650
121.508
386.158
43.725
64.458
1
1
108.185
494.343
15.460
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Tervuren
332.010
285.645
617.655
189.438
70.044
1
-- 
259.483
877.138
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Tienen
590.435
497.119
1.087.554
291.075
131.065
1
1
422.142
1.509.696
58.459
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Tremelo
148.141
36.273
184.414
11.409
28.791
1
1
40.202
224.616
9.883
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Wezembeek-Oppem
212.023
180.412
392.435
545.508
48.206
1
-- 
593.715
986.150
13.969
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Willebroek
429.121
382.494
811.615
50.475
105.711
1
1
156.188
967.803
34.239
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Zaventem
644.507
598.054
1.242.561
340.191
192.085
1
-- 
532.277
1.774.838
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Zemst
356.276
182.228
538.504
78.714
68.755
1
-- 
147.470
685.974
25.819
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Total 
17.743.241
11.701.463
29.444.704
6.323.969
4.297.197
44
17
10.621.227
40.065.931
909.617
50
51
35
50
50
16
252
Shareholders
Profit certificates
Voting shares
Grid managemenrt electricity & gas
Ancillary activity
Total grid 
management + 
ancillary 
activity
Non-voting shares

--- Page 116 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
116 
9. 
PBE 
 
10. 
Riobra 
 
Shares E grid 
management 
electricity
Shares T 
teledistribution
Total E + T
# shares E
# shares T
total
E
T
Total profit 
certificates
BEGIJNENDIJK
110
30
140
3.834
7.121
10.955
BEKKEVOORT
67
19
86
2.547
4.303
6.850
DIEST
286
73
359
12.481
17.631
30.112
GALMAARDEN
95
-- 
95
3.539
-- 
3.539
GEETBETS
66
19
85
2.541
4.328
6.869
GLABBEEK
57
16
73
2.331
3.681
6.012
GOOIK
100
-- 
100
3.850
-- 
3.850
HERNE
74
-- 
74
2.930
-- 
2.930
HOLSBEEK
104
28
132
3.733
6.507
10.240
KAMPENHOUT
126
-- 
126
5.910
-- 
5.910
KORTENAKEN
87
25
112
2.865
5.689
8.554
LANDEN
181
46
227
6.745
11.217
17.962
LINTER
79
23
102
3.100
5.260
8.360
LUBBEEK
147
40
187
6.427
9.536
15.963
OUD-HEVERLEE
116
30
146
5.538
7.140
12.678
PEPINGEN
46
-- 
46
1.794
-- 
1.794
STEENOKKERZEEL
128
-- 
128
5.415
-- 
5.415
TIELT-WINGE
118
33
151
4.707
7.466
12.173
TREMELO
67
18
85
2.387
4.112
6.499
ZOUTLEEUW
93
26
119
3.694
6.009
9.703
Total
2.147
426
2.573
86.368
100.000
186.368
Shareholders
Voting shares
Profit certificates
Non-voting
Shareholders
# shares RA
# shares RB
# shares RI
Total # shares
BEGIJNENDIJK
1
131.515
32.253
163.769
BEKKEVOORT
1
76.934
13.747
90.682
BERTEM
1
185.836
45.264
231.101
BEVER
1
24.475
6.234
30.710
BOORTMEERBEEK
2
284.689
73.303
357.994
BOUTERSEM
1
235.512
59.550
295.063
GALMAARDEN
1
152.163
34.839
187.003
GEETBETS
1
83.354
21.509
104.864
GLABBEEK
1
74.197
18.626
92.824
GOOIK
1
187.691
45.659
233.351
HERNE
1
139.555
35.515
175.071
HOEGAARDEN
1
118.308
30.688
148.997
HULDENBERG
1
186.529
19.918
206.448
KORTENAKEN
1
117.280
30.582
147.863
LANDEN
2
271.518
71.222
342.742
LINTER
1
177.610
46.583
224.194
LUBBEEK
2
197.424
23.178
220.604
MERCHTEM
2
217.629
57.063
274.694
OUD-HEVERLEE
2
130.480
33.733
164.215
PEPINGEN
1
90.799
15.785
106.585
STEENOKKERZEEL
2
229.206
59.843
289.051
TIELT-WINGE
1
130.604
33.094
163.699
TIENEN
4
616.839
161.714
778.557
ZOUTLEEUW
1
152.829
23.932
176.762
ROTSELAAR
2
373.654
77.191
450.847
SINT PIETERS LEEUW
4
395.731
0
395.735
TOTAL
39
4.982.361
1.071.025,00
6.053.425,00
Voting shares

--- Page 117 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
117 
11. 
Sibelgas 
 
3 
Description of the Markets for Fluvius 
3.1 
General 
The below table provides an overview of the importance of the different business lines in which the 
Fluvius Economic Group is active as at 31 December 2019. Each of these are touched upon separately 
in the following sections. 
Activity 
Revenues 2019 (in EUR) 
% of total revenues 
Electricity and gas 
1,358,638,183 
82 
Public lighting 
14,628,335 
1 
Sewerage 
96,594,680 
6 
CATV/telecom 
77,686,247 
5 
others 
102,338,021 
6 
3.2 
Organisation of the Belgian Electricity Market  
The major players on the Flemish electricity market are the electricity producers, the TSOs and the 
DSOs, the wholesale and retail suppliers, energy service providers (ESCOs) and aggregators, the end 
consumers and the regulators. Their functions are briefly outlined below.  
Ce
Cg
Total 
Grimbergen
1
1
2
Machelen
1
1
2
Meise
1
1
2
Vilvoorde
1
1
2
Wemmel
1
1
2
I.B.E.G.
1.790.033
1.474.319
3.264.352
Total 
1.790.038
1.474.324
3.264.362
Total electricity & gas
Shareholders
Voting shares

--- Page 118 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
118 
The picture below sketches the Belgian electricity market (including the market for energy services).  
 
Electricity Generation  
Currently, the major players on the electricity generating market are Engie-Electrabel, EDF-Luminus 
and E.ON. The remaining generation capacity consists of the co-generation plants at the sites of large 
industrial consumers, units for renewable energy (such as small-scale hydropower units, photovoltaic 
electricity generation, offshore and onshore wind turbines and biomass/combined heating and power 
installations) and gas-fired CCGT power plants.  
The construction of new installations for electricity generation is subject to the prior granting of an 
individual permit by the federal minister for Energy on the advice of the federal energy regulator CREG 
(Commissie voor de Regulering van de Elektriciteit en het Gas/Commission de Régulation de 
l’Electricité et du Gaz) (the “CREG”). 
Over the years, the electricity producers have adapted their portfolio of primary energy sources for 
electricity generation. Since the early eighties of the last century nuclear energy became more important 
(in 1986 already 67.2 per cent. of electricity was generated through nuclear energy), together with gas 
and cogeneration units. This trend continued during the nineties (the average contribution of nuclear 
energy in the nineties amounted to 58 per cent. – gas and combined production units accounted for 17 per 
cent.). Currently, the share of renewable energy sources is increasing, mainly due to the use of wind 
turbines (both onshore and offshore), solar installations and biomass. Recent Eurostat figures show that 
the share of electricity generated from renewable sources in Belgium totalled 21.24 per cent. in 2019. 
The EU’s and the Belgian federal government’s general energy policies aim at increasing the share of 
renewable energy generation and combined heat & power production (“CHP”). In order to stimulate 
these types of electricity production, the federal government had taken legal initiatives enabling the 
construction of offshore wind farms. The regional governments have worked out several measures to 
attain this goal. In the recent past, measures included the imposition of minimum supply levels (through 
quota obligations) for renewable energy and CHP by creating the legal framework for a mechanism of 
so-called “green power certificates” and “CHP-certificates” and the minimum price guarantees for green 
power and CHP certificates introduced to support the market for these instruments. The functioning of 
the green power certificates systems in the Flemish region is further outlined in section 9 – ‘Trends in 
Belgian 
Producer 
European 
Producer
Wholesale 
Market 
Foreign TSOs
TSO 
DSOs 
Retail  
 
Customers 
Customers

--- Page 119 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
119 
the markets in which the Issuer and the Guarantors are active’; the working of the CHP-certificates 
system is almost identical. 
Technological evolutions result in an increasing number of smaller installations being put in place, 
continually increasing the share of decentralised and CHP production:  
Key Figures for Electricity Production in Belgium 
Electricity generation (installed capacity in Belgium – 2019)26: 24,340 MW, of which 
• 
fossil fuel fired: 29.6% 
• 
nuclear: 24.4% 
• 
pumped hydro: 5.4% 
• 
hydro: 0.5% 
• 
wind:15.7% 
• 
solar: 19.8% 
• 
biomass/biogas: 3.3% 
• 
waste: 1.2% 
Electricity generated in Belgium (actual net electricity production – 2019): 89.85 TWh, of which 
• 
fossil fuel: 37.3% 
• 
nuclear: 46.5% 
• 
pumped hydro: 0.9% 
• 
hydro: 0.3% 
• 
wind: 10.2% 
• 
solar: 4.2% 
• 
other: 0.5% 
In 2019, Belgium was a net exporter of electricity with a total net export volume of 1.7 TWh. 
Total electricity consumption in Belgium during 2019 amounted to 83.73 TWh. The trend in electricity 
consumption volumes is stabilising, due to more energy efficiency in spite of economic growth and an 
increase of population. Electricity consumption per segment (2018 figures): 
• 
industry: 46.1% 
• 
services: 26.1% 
• 
residential: 21.9% 
• 
transport: 2.0% 
 
26  For most figures included in this section, the source is either Febeg (Federation of Belgian Electricity and Gas Companies – www.febeg.be) 
or Synergrid (www.synergrid.be).

--- Page 120 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
120 
• 
agriculture: 2.0% 
• 
energy transformation: 1.9% 
Wholesale Market for Electricity  
Suppliers on the wholesale market (e.g. traders and intermediaries) buy, in Belgium and abroad, energy 
from electricity producers or other wholesale suppliers and/or sell energy to either other wholesale 
suppliers or retail suppliers. Since retail supply is an activity for which a license is required (as opposed 
to trading), traders most often do not directly sell electricity to end customers.  
Transmission System Operation  
Transmission system operation refers to the regulated activity linked to the transport of electricity over 
the medium to high and very high voltage grids with a voltage of 36 kV (local transmission) / 70 kV and 
higher. The major users of these grids are the electricity producers, electricity traders, DSOs and 
industrial consumers with a direct connection to the high voltage electricity transmission network.  
A transmission system operator or TSO operates and manages its grid independently from electricity 
producers and suppliers. TSOs have to organise an objective, non-discriminatory and transparent access 
to their electricity network. Transmission system operation is a regulated activity that is usually granted 
a legal monopoly within a larger geographical area. In Belgium, electricity transmission is performed by 
one single TSO, Elia Transmission Belgium (see below). To fulfil this objective efficiently, TSOs are in 
charge of the operation, maintenance and development of their grid. They also provide the required 
ancillary services.  
The very high voltage electricity networks are also used for the import and export of electricity between 
interconnected national grids and for purposes of mutual assistance between TSOs according to 
international standards set by ENTSO-E27 operation rules (grid codes). Belgium’s very high voltage 
electricity network is connected to France, Luxembourg, the UK and the Netherlands. On 
9 November 2020, a connection to Germany was inaugurated.28 
Starting 1 January 2020, transmission system operation in Belgium was reorganised because the Elia 
Group implemented a new company structure at that moment. It now consists of a holding company 
(Elia Group) and an entity for the regulated activities in Belgium (Elia Transmission Belgium NV/SA). 
The latter has also become the TSO for Belgium’s high-voltage electricity grid by Ministerial Decree 
dated 13 January 2020 under a number of conditions, for a 20-year period starting on 31 December 2019. 
Distribution System Operation  
Distribution refers to the public distribution of electricity over medium and low voltage electricity 
networks, generally below 36 kV, to retail consumers (small and medium-sized enterprises and 
household consumers) using electricity for their own use. An operator of such a network is called a 
distribution system operator or DSO. The Guarantors (with the exception of Riobra, which is not active 
in the distribution of energy) are DSOs. Following a decision by the Flemish energy regulator VREG of 
 
27  ENTSO-E refers to the ‘European Network of Transmission System Operators for Electricity’, an association of 42 TSOs from 35 European 
countries (situation on 1 January 2020). Website: https://www.entsoe.eu/. 
28 This connection, also known as the ALEGrO line, connects Lixhe (Belgium) with Oberzier (Germany). Commercial operations on this new 
connection are due to start on 18 November 2020.

--- Page 121 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
121 
5 July 201329, the license of the DSOs Gaselwest, Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek and Sibelgas has 
been expanded to the operation of electricity distribution grids up to 36 kV (formerly 30 kV).  
A DSO operates, maintains and develops its network and is required by law to organize access to its 
network in an objective, non-discriminatory and transparent manner. Distribution system operation is a 
regulated activity that is usually granted a legal monopoly within the boundaries of the operating territory 
attributed to each DSO.  
The main customers of the DSOs are wholesale suppliers and retail suppliers30.  
Most appointed DSOs in Belgium are intermunicipal companies (more specifically, mission entrusted 
associations – see above). An intermunicipal company essentially is a partnership of public authorities 
that is charged with certain activities of municipal interest common to its members.  
At the moment there are 16 DSOs in Belgium engaged in the distribution of electricity. In the Flemish 
Region, there are ten electricity DSOs, all of them being a Guarantor. The others have operations in the 
Brussels Capital Region (Sibelga) and the Walloon Region (5 DSOs). 
With a view to ensuring the DSOs’ independence, the participation of producers and suppliers in the 
DSOs’ share capital is limited by law. In the Flemish Region, importers, producers, suppliers and energy 
service providers may (individually or jointly) not hold more than 30 per cent of a DSO’s (and its 
operating company’s) share capital (see above).  
In the Flemish Region, DSOs are appointed by the VREG. 
For reasons of clarity it should be noted that, although the intermunicipal companies/DSOs hold the 
legal monopoly of operating the electricity distribution network with a voltage below 36 kV, Elia 
Transmission Belgium 31  operates the electricity network between 36 kV and 70 kV (the local 
transmission system). Elia Transmission Belgium was granted this legal monopoly for the Flanders 
region by appointment of the VREG (24 December 2019) until 31 December 2023.  
Retail Supply  
Retail supply of electricity refers to the sale of electricity to end customers. Since 1 July 2003 several 
commercial suppliers, who compete against each other, have been active on the Flemish supply market. 
A license is required to engage in retail supply. In the Flemish Region, such license can be granted by 
the VREG to individuals or companies that operate independently from the TSO and the DSOs and that 
comply with the criteria laid down by law, such as sufficient technical, organisational and financial 
capacity (amongst other things). 
On 31 March 2020, the top-3 of electricity suppliers (measured in market share) is as follows32: 
1. 
Engie Electrabel (38.87%) 
2. 
Luminus (18.54%) 
3. 
Eneco (12.31%) 
 
29 BESL-2013-10. 
30  A third type of customers are those retail users that because of payment problems have been dropped by commercial suppliers of electricity. 
Flemish regulation provides that the DSOs have in such instance an obligation to supply these customers with electricity as a supplier of last 
resort (a social public service obligation).  
31  Elia Transmission Belgium has been appointed as local TSO for that purpose. 
32  Source: CREG.

--- Page 122 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
122 
Customers  
At this moment, all Belgian customers are eligible to choose their electricity supplier (“right of third-
party access”).  
Regulators in Belgium  
Due to the Belgian federal structure, there are currently four regulators for the electricity market:  
Federal level. The federal energy regulator, the CREG, is competent, amongst other things, for 
supervising the electricity market, including transmission at a voltage level above 70 kV and for advising 
on the licencing of electricity generation facilities with a capacity higher than 25 MW (other than nuclear 
and offshore production units). Tariff setting for the TSO is also within the scope of the CREG’s 
authority, irrespective of the voltage level of the electricity network.  
Regional level. Regional regulators are competent, amongst other things, for supervising the electricity 
market operations, including distribution and local transmission at a voltage equal to or below 70 kV 
and for renewable sources of energy. The powers relating to the grid distribution tariffs (but not local 
transmission tariffs) in Belgium have been transferred from the federal level to the respective regions as 
agreed pursuant to the Belgian Sixth State Reform as from 1 July 2014. From that date onwards, the 
VREG is vested with the powers to establish the tariff methodology and the approval of the proposals 
of the tariffs submitted by the DSOs.  
The regional regulators in the Flemish, Walloon and Brussels-Capital Regions are respectively the 
VREG, CWaPE33 and Brugel34.  
3.3 
Organisation of the Belgian Gas Market  
Import  
Belgium does not possess gas fields on its own territory. Therefore, all natural gas for consumption in 
Belgium has to be imported from abroad. An optimal sourcing and diversification of gas supplying 
countries is therefore an essential objective in Belgium’s energy policy.  
Currently, natural gas for the Belgian market is being imported from several sources (figures for 201935): 
1. 
The Netherlands (19.6%): the Dutch gas fields deliver gas to Belgium via pipelines;  
2. 
Norway (45.3%): Norway is an important gas producer thanks to its oil and gas fields in the North 
Sea. Norwegian gas is delivered at the Zeebrugge hub; 
3. 
United Kingdom (12.4%); 
4. 
Germany (2.3%); 
5. 
Qatar (20.5%): natural gas is shipped to Belgium in liquefied form (LNG or Liquefied Natural 
Gas) by high capacity LNG tanker ships, delivering the gas in the Zeebrugge harbour LNG 
terminal owned by Fluxys LNG, a subsidiary of Fluxys. 
 
33  Commission Wallonne pour l’Energie. 
34  Reguleringscommissie voor Energie in het Brussels Hoofdstedelijk Gewest / Commission de Régulation pour l’Energie en Région de Bruxelles-
Capitale. 
35  Source: CREG.

--- Page 123 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
123 
Wholesale  
Suppliers on the wholesale market (e.g. traders and intermediaries) buy natural gas abroad or on the 
international spot market. They then sell on these volumes to industrial customers, intermediaries, 
distribution companies and electricity producers. Since gas retail supply, very much like electricity retail 
supply, is an activity for which a license is required, traders most often do not directly sell natural gas to 
end consumers.  
Transport System Operation  
Transport system operation refers to the regulated activity related to the high-pressure gas networks and 
the energy flows on these networks. The main users of these networks are the electricity producers, 
wholesale gas suppliers, gas traders, the DSOs and large industrial users of gas.  
In Belgium, Fluxys Belgium was appointed by the federal energy regulator CREG as the sole federal 
transport system operator for the gas transmission grid, as well as for the storage capacity on 
27 September 2012. The gas transport system operator is frequently referred to as the “transport 
company”. 
Fluxys LNG is responsible for operating the LNG infrastructure. 
Transport system operators or TSOs, such as Fluxys Belgium, operate their networks independently from 
electricity producers and gas suppliers and are bound to organise the access to their gas grid in an 
objective, non-discriminatory and transparent way. Transport operations are regulated activities that are 
usually granted a legal monopoly within a larger geographical area. To fulfil this objective efficiently, 
TSOs are in charge of the operation, maintenance and development of their network and also provide 
the necessary ancillary services such as pressure reduction, odorisation, balancing, storage facilities, etc.  
The TSO is not only responsible for the off-take and redelivery of natural gas within Belgium for Belgian 
consumption, it also fulfils a crucial role in the transit of gas to and from neighbouring countries since 
redelivery points will often be connection points with the gas transportation networks of other national 
networks. This is especially true for Belgium, given its good connection to natural gas and LNG supplies 
and also given its central position and multiple entry points linking the Belgian gas transportation grid 
to the grids in France, the UK, Germany, Southern Europe and the Netherlands.  
It must be noted that the Belgian grid caters for two different types of natural gas: (1) high calorific 
natural gas and (2) low calorific natural gas which is being imported from the Netherlands. The Dutch 
authorities have, however, announced that low calorific gas deliveries to markets outside the Netherlands 
(including the Belgian market) will be gradually phased out starting in 2024 and entirely stopped by the 
year 2030 at the latest. These policy measures thus necessitate large investments for the Belgian gas 
sector, mostly to be carried out by the DSOs, to finance and implement the transformation of the low 
calorific gas networks in large parts of the Flemish Region. The parts of the Flemish gas distribution 
grids carrying low calorific gas and thus affected by the Dutch decision, are mostly situated in the 
provinces of Antwerp and Flemish-Brabant36. 
Distribution System Operation  
Distribution system operation refers to the public distribution of natural gas on mid-pressure and low-
pressure networks towards the end consumers (industry, small and mid-scale companies, households). 
The operator of such networks is usually called a distribution system operator or DSO.  
 
36  Other major areas affected in Belgium are the Brussel Capital Region and the province of Walloon-Brabant.

--- Page 124 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
124 
A DSO operates, maintains and develops its own mid- and low-pressure network. As is the case for the 
TSO, DSOs are obliged to allow objective, non-discriminatory and transparent access to their networks 
to distribution network users. The operation of a distribution network is a regulated activity that is 
granted a legal monopoly within the boundaries of the operating territory attributed to each DSO.  
As indicated above, all appointed gas DSOs in Belgium are intermunicipal companies (more specifically, 
mission entrusted associations – see above) charged with certain activities of municipal interest.  
Currently, Belgium has 12 gas distribution DSOs, of which nine are situated in the Flemish Region (these 
being the Guarantors with energy distribution activities), one in the Brussels Capital Region and two in 
the Walloon Region. 
With a view to ensuring the independence of the DSOs in the gas sector, the participation of producers 
and suppliers in the DSOs’ share capital is limited by law. In the Flemish Region, importers, producers, 
suppliers and energy service providers may not hold more than 30 per cent of a DSO’s (and its operating 
company’s) share capital.  
Retail Supply  
The retail supply of gas refers to the sale of gas to end consumers. Since 1 July 2003, the retail supply 
to household consumers in the Flemish Region is being coordinated and managed by several commercial 
suppliers competing in a liberalised market. In all three regions of Belgium (i.e., Flanders, Wallonia and 
Brussels) a license is required to engage in the retail supply of gas. The relevant authority (in the case of 
Flanders this is the VREG) will only grant such a license to individuals or companies that comply with 
certain criteria, e.g. relating to technical, organisational and financial capabilities (amongst other things).  
Currently, all Belgian customers are eligible to choose their own gas supplier (“right of third-party 
access”).  
On 31 March 2020, the top-3 of gas suppliers in Flanders (measured in market share) is as follows: 
1. 
Engie Electrabel (35.95%) 
2. 
Luminus (17.26%) 
3. 
Eneco (13.43%) 
Belgian Regulators  
Very much in line with the competencies of the respective regulators for electricity, the federal regulator 
CREG, together with the three regional regulators (VREG, CWaPE and Brugel), is responsible for 
monitoring and surveying the Belgian gas market, each within the competencies attributed to it by law. 
Similar to the developments in the electricity sector, the Belgian Sixth State Reform has resulted in the 
transfer of the gas distribution grid tariff-setting competence from the federal to the regional level as 
from July 2014. From that date onwards, the VREG is vested with the powers to establish the tariff 
methodology and the approval of the proposals of the tariffs submitted by the Flemish DSOs.

--- Page 125 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
125 
Basic Figures for the Gas Market37 
Total gas consumption in Belgium amounted to 192.8 TWh in 201938, up 3% compared to 2018. The 
total number of gas connections in Belgium (2018) was 3,376,776, showing a year-on-year growth rate 
of 2%.  
3.4 
Organisation of the Flemish sewerage market 
The Flemish sewerage market is based on the principle that the municipalities are responsible for the 
public domain and that they are as such also responsible for the wastewater that is being transported over 
the public domain for treatment.  
The Flemish policy on water and wastewater is built around the concept of the ‘water chain’, being all 
activities related to production, transport and distribution of water for human consumption, as well as 
the collection, transport and treatment of wastewater. 
Geographical overview and statistics39  
Currently, there are six drinking water companies in the Flemish Region. Between them they manage 
approx. 62,000 km of pipelines. Drinking water consumption by 3 million customers amounted to 
360 million m³. 
The aggregate sewerage systems in Flanders cover approx. 32,000 km of pipelines.  
The map below40 presents the 2020 situation of the sewerage operators within the Flemish Region41. The 
municipalities indicated in white, are operating their own sewerage system independently. 
 
Figure 1: sewerage operators in Flanders (2020) 
 
37  Source: Febeg. 
38  Source: CREG. 
39  Sources: the websites of AquaFlanders (www.aquaflanders.be) and VMM (www.vmm.be). 
40  Source: VMM website at www.vmm.be. 
41  In the map’s legend, please read Fluvius Antwerpen for IVEG, Fluvius Limburg for Inter-aqua and Fluvius West for Infrax West.

--- Page 126 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
126 
Legal framework  
European Directives  
The sector of water/wastewater is to a large extent driven by European legislation. The most 
important documents in this respect are the European Water Framework Directive 42  (the 
“Framework Directive”) and the Directive Urban Wastewater43 (the “Wastewater Directive”). 
These Directives aim at securing the water resources and water quality in Europe. These two 
Directives have the largest impact on Flemish municipalities as to their policy on drinking water 
and wastewater.  
The Framework Directive imposes that all aquatic ecosystems and, with regard to their water 
needs, terrestrial ecosystems and wetlands meet “good status” by the year 2015. However, when 
the improvements cannot be realised in a reasonable manner within the proposed period (until 
2015), the Framework Directive provides for the possibility to obtain postponement up to twice 
a period of six years (until 2021 and 2027). The Framework Directive requires Member States to 
use water sparingly and to establish river basin districts and for each of these a river basin 
management plan. It envisages a cyclical process where river basin management plans are 
prepared, implemented and reviewed every six years. There are four distinct elements to the river 
basin planning cycle:  
• 
characterisation and assessment of impacts on river basin districts;  
• 
environmental monitoring;  
• 
the setting of environmental objectives;  
• 
and the design and implementation of the programme of measures needed to achieve them.  
As such, the Framework Directive aims to significantly contribute to climate adaptation in the 
European Union44.  
The second important Directive in the area of water and wastewater is the Wastewater Directive. 
Its objective is to protect the environment from the adverse effects of urban wastewater discharges 
and discharges from certain industrial sectors. It concerns the collection, treatment and discharge 
of:  
• 
domestic wastewater;  
• 
mixture of wastewater; and  
• 
wastewater from certain industrial sectors.  
Four main principles are laid down in the Wastewater Directive:  
• 
planning;  
• 
regulation;  
 
42  Directive 2000/60/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 October 2000 establishing a framework for Community action in 
the field of water policy (published in the Official Journal of the European Communities of 22 December 2000). 
43  European Council Directive 91/271/EEC of 21 May 1991 concerning urban waste-water treatment (published in the Official Journal of the 
European Communities of 30 May 1991). 
44  It should be pointed out that the purposes of the Directive, although being older, are fully in line with the United Nations’ Social Development 
Goals (the “SDGs”), especially the SDGs 6 (clean water and sanitation), 13 (climate action), 14 (life below water) and 16 (life on land).

--- Page 127 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
127 
• 
monitoring; and  
• 
information & reporting.  
More specifically, the Wastewater Directive requires:  
• 
the collection and treatment of wastewater in all agglomerations of > 2,000 population 
equivalents;  
• 
secondary treatment of all discharges from agglomerations of > 2,000 population 
equivalents and more advanced treatment for agglomerations > 10,000 population 
equivalents in designated sensitive areas and their catchments;  
• 
pre-authorisation of all discharges of urban wastewater, of discharges from the food 
processing industry and of industrial discharges into urban wastewater collection systems;  
• 
monitoring of the performance of treatment plants and receiving waters; and  
• 
controls of sewerage sludge disposal and re-use, and treated wastewater re-use whenever 
appropriate.  
Implementation in the Flemish Region  
The basic legislation ruling the water policies in general and the sewerage activity45 in the 
Flemish Region in particular is the Coordinated Flemish Decree of 15 June 2018 on the integral 
water policy, as amended46 (the “Water Decree”). Pursuant to the Special Law of 8 August 1980 
on Institutional Reforms, the regions have a wide-ranging competence concerning the 
environment and water policy. This also includes the treatment of wastewater and sewerage, the 
subsidies and regulation of the tariffs.  
For the Flemish Region, the Wastewater Directive is mainly implemented through an Executive 
Order of the Flemish Government, dated 1 June 1995 (published on 31 July 1995), concerning 
general and sectoral provisions relating to environmental safety (also called “Vlarem II”). The 
Framework Directive was implemented by the Decree on Integrated Water Policy of 18 July 2003 
(published on 14 November 2003, and now replaced by the Water Decree).  
In October 2010, the Flemish Government fixed the river basin management plans for the river 
Scheldt and the river Meuse basins and the accompanying measures programme for Flanders. 
This programme sets out how the objectives of the Framework Directive and the Decree on 
Integrated Water Policy (now replaced by the Water Decree) can be realised. It also contains 
measures to improve the surface water quality, to reduce flooding and to purify contaminated 
sediments. Further implementation was given by an Executive Order of the Flemish Government 
of 8 April 2011 (published on 10 June 2011) which concerned the rights and obligations of the 
operators of a public water distribution network and their customers regarding the supply of water 
designed for human consumption, the execution of the obligation of remediation and the general 
water sales regulation.  
As to the possibility of receiving a subsidy for the construction of public sewers, there is the 
Executive Order of the Flemish Government of 5 May 2017 (published on 6 June 2017) 
 
45  By definition, open waterways (such as ditches and brooks) are not considered to be part of the Flemish sewerage system. A sewer is defined 
as a closed tubing system. 
46 The Water Decree is the codification of, among others, the former Decree of 24 May 2002 on water used for human consumption (which was 
amended several times). This codification was ratified by Decree of 30 November 2018.

--- Page 128 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
128 
concerning the subsidisation of works mentioned in Article 2.6.1.3.1, §1 of the Decree of 
18 July 2003 concerning the Integral Water Policy, coordinated on 15 June 2018 in the Water 
Decree. 
Finally, the zoning Executive Order of 10 March 2006 of the Flemish Government (published on 
9 June 2006) had as its objective the determination of a zoning plan for each municipality. In 
September 2006, the Flemish Environment Agency (Vlaamse Milieumaatschappij, “VMM”) 
started with the transmission of a draft zoning plan to all Flemish municipalities. These plans 
went through an approval procedure in which both the municipalities, the basin authorities and 
the citizens could express their views. This resulted in a final zoning plan for each municipality 
which consists of four different zones:  
• 
the central area with pre-existing connection to a water treatment plan (orange shaded);  
• 
the optimised outlying area with recent connection to a water treatment plant (green 
shaded);  
• 
the outlying area which is still to optimise collectively, this is the area where the 
connection will be realised (dark green shaded); and  
• 
the outlying area which is still to optimise individually, where the wastewater will have to 
be purified individually by means of an IBA (individual sewerage treatment) (red shaded).  
In order to put the zoning plan into practice, the Flemish Environment Agency in cooperation 
with the municipality will set up an area-covering implementation plan. Such an implementation 
plan contains the projects to be carried out, the order of execution (priority), the final completion 
date, the acquisition points and the exceptions to the principles of optimal disconnection. In 
addition, the implementation plan is a binding plan. The format of an implementation plan will 
therefore include the following steps:  
• 
the layout of a project basket: demonstrating the reusability of the existing sewer system, 
the definition of projects and the determination of the acquisition points;  
• 
the application of the methodology for prioritising projects;  
• 
the determination of areas where an optimal separated system should be constructed; and  
• 
the adoption of the implementation plan through the Flemish Government.  
The preparation of the project basket is based on the final zoning plan, the sewerage database of 
the Issuer and the information which the municipality passes to the Flemish Environment Agency. 
The projects for the dark green clusters on the zoning plan (outlying area which is still to optimise 
collectively) should be included in the project basket of the implementation plan. Now, the draft 
implementation plans specify which projects should be executed with priority. It is clear, though, 
that a vast part of the project basket has to be implemented before 2027 at the latest.  
Wastewater treatment infrastructure and regulation – Introduction  
The European Union imposed on its Member States to substantially improve the quality of 
groundwater and surface water by 2015. This requires a developed system of wastewater 
collection, transport and treatment. In Flanders, the wastewater infrastructure is structured at two 
levels: the supramunicipal and the municipal level. The municipal or non-priority sewers collect 
the wastewater from the houses, whereas the collectors and priority sewers of the Flemish Region

--- Page 129 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
129 
collect wastewater at the points of discharge of municipal sewers and transport it to wastewater 
treatment plants, where it is treated in accordance with European and Flemish standards.  
The competent regulator – the Flemish Environment Agency – is the regulator of the wastewater 
sector in the Flemish region. It is responsible for preparing, checking and monitoring the planning 
of the wastewater infrastructure in Flanders (VMM as ecological regulator) and the regulation of 
the tariffs (VMM as economic regulator). By Act of 6 January 2014, the competence with regard 
to price monitoring of the drinking water component of the integral water bill has also been 
transferred to VMM from 1 July 2014 onwards.  
Wastewater infrastructure at the supramunicipal level  
Aquafin NV was established by the Flemish Region in 1990, for the purpose of expanding, 
operating and prefinancing the supramunicipal wastewater treatment infrastructure in Flanders. 
The Flemish Region (through its holding company Vlaamse Milieuholding – VMH) is the sole 
shareholder in Aquafin.  
As per 31 December 2019, Aquafin operated 321 installations for wastewater treatment, 6,587 
km of ducts and 1,852 supramunicipal pumping stations and storage settlement tanks47.  
Wastewater infrastructure at the municipal level  
Pursuant to the Drinking Water Decree of 24 May 2002 (published on 23 July 2002, and now 
replaced by the Water Decree), the treatment of wastewater at municipal level is a joint 
responsibility of the municipalities on the one hand, and the drinking water companies on the 
other hand. The drinking water companies are responsible for the treatment of the water they 
deliver to their customers. On the other hand, the municipalities can also be considered to have a 
specific responsibility of their own for the treatment of (all) wastewater on their proper territory. 
The drinking water companies can fulfil their obligation by concluding a service agreement with 
the owner/operator of the sewers at municipal level, which can be the municipality itself, a 
municipal or intermunicipal company or an entity which the municipality has appointed after a 
public tendering procedure. The municipalities also have a number of ways in which they can 
fulfil their responsibilities, either by: 
• 
taking care of the sewerage network themselves;  
• 
entering into a partnership with the drinking water companies; or  
• 
delegating the development and maintenance of the sewerage network to an 
intermunicipal company or (after a public tendering procedure) to a third party.  
These situations are in principle regulated by a contract between the parties concerned or by the 
accession through the articles of association of the intermunicipal company.  
The current situation (as of end 2019) in the Flemish sewerage sector is the following. Sewerage 
activities are being operated by: 
1. 
intermunicipal utility companies that are not drinking water companies: 
(a) 
Fluvius West 
(b) 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
 
47  source: www.aquafin.be

--- Page 130 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
130 
(c) 
Fluvius Limburg 
(d) 
Riobra 
all of these being Guarantors belonging to the Fluvius Economic Group, with the Issuer 
as their operating company 
2. 
intermunicipal companies that also have drinking water activities: 
(a) 
Water-link, in collaboration with Aquafin 
(b) 
IWVA 
(c) 
Farys 
(d) 
Pidpa 
(e) 
De Watergroep, in collaboration with Aquafin 
3. 
third parties appointed after market consultation 
(a) 
Aquafin 
4. 
municipality 
(a) 
the autonomous municipal company of Knokke-Heist 
(b) 
other municipalities 
Contribution and compensation  
Pursuant to the Drinking Water Decree (now replaced by the Water Decree), the operators of a 
public water distribution network (i.e. the drinking water companies) can charge to their 
customers a “contribution” (“bijdrage”) in order to cover the cost of the water treatment 
obligation imposed on the drinking water companies. This contribution is calculated on the basis 
of the volume of water (measured in m³) supplied by the drinking water company to the customer. 
The operator of a public water distribution network can also charge a “compensation” 
(“vergoeding”) to the users of a private water extraction. This compensation is intended to 
contribute to the cost of the treatment of the wastewater coming from the private water extraction, 
as even if a customer gets its (drinking) water from a private water extraction, his wastewater will 
still be discharged via the same sewerage system.  
Both the municipal contribution and the municipal compensation are charged by the drinking 
water company to the end-users of the (municipal) sewerage systems. With the amount of 
contributions and fees they receive, the drinking water companies subsequently pay the 
municipalities or the intermunicipal companies for the sewerage services that are provided to 
them. The calculation of the contribution and compensation to be paid by the users cannot be 
freely determined by the public water companies. The operator of a public water distribution 
system (i.e. the drinking water company) will set the rate of the contribution or compensation in 
terms of the costs it must bear in order to fulfil its remediation obligations (i.e. the amounts due 
to the sewerage operator). However, there is no guarantee that the full cost can always be charged 
to the end-user/consumer, since there are two limitations to the amount of the contribution or 
compensation.  
Firstly, the regulator (being the Flemish Environment Agency) could limit the level of the 
contribution/compensation on the basis of economic, ecological or social reasons. Secondly, the

--- Page 131 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
131 
Water Decree contains an absolute cap for the contribution/compensation, which amounted to 
1.5826 EUR/m³ for collective remediation installations and 2.7130 EUR/m³ for individual 
remediation installations (amounts valid in 2020; VAT excluded). The cap is normally indexed 
every year. These tariffs are capped at a maximum of 1.4 times the supramunicipal uniform tariff 
for non-residential and large-scale consumers with a non-individualised tariff. 
Residents that are not able to be connected to the sewerage system, are responsible for the 
construction and operation of their own individual wastewater treatment system. In return, they 
can be exempted from the municipal and supramunicipal contribution or compensation. However, 
it is also possible for the sewerage system operators to collectivise the individual remediation 
obligation. As a result, the resident will have to pay an individual remediation contribution or 
compensation, just as the residents connected to the collective sewerage system have to pay a 
collective remediation contribution or compensation. The sewerage system operators within the 
Fluvius Economic Group have all decided to collectivise the individual remediation obligation. 
The costs are recovered through the drinking water companies. To this end, addenda to the 
agreements have been concluded between the system operators for sewerage and the drinking 
water companies. This implies that these operators, if they are the ones who placed the 
individuation remediation infrastructure, collect both the supramunicipal (at factor 1) and the 
municipal (at the abovementioned factor 1.4) contributions or compensations (i.e. a factor 2.4, 
covering sewerage and remediation). For the residents concerned, this does not make a difference, 
however, as these will not have to pay any intermunicipal contribution or compensation on top 
of the amount (at factor 2.4) owed to Fluvius for both services. 
Future developments  
The Flemish wastewater sector is faced with the need for substantial investments in both the 
expanding and upgrading the sewerage system in order to meet the European clean water 
objectives by 2027. The map below48 gives an indication of the current degree of connectivity to 
the sewerage system for wastewater (situation in December 2019): 
 
 
48 source: VMM website.

--- Page 132 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
132 
Figure 2: Sewerage penetration rate in Flemish municipalities (December 2019) 
For the relevant Guarantors, the average sewerage degree (situation as per end December 2019) 
is as follows: 
• 
Fluvius Antwerpen: 80.04%  
• 
Fluvius Limburg: 84.81% 
• 
Fluvius West: 75.16% 
• 
Riobra: 65.78% 
aggregate for the four Guarantors: 76.50%. 
Separated sewers for rain water and wastewater 
Pursuant to the Decree on Integrated Water Policy (now replaced by the Water Decree), the 
Flemish Region has undertaken to organise the management of the rain water and surface water 
in such a way that the rain water is separated from the wastewater (‘separated sewers’). All new 
extensions of the sewerage system consist of separated sewers. The implementation plans 
(implementing the zoning plan) will define the areas where the existing sewers should be replaced 
by separated sewers. Furthermore, the obligation to separate rain water and wastewater is also 
applicable at the level of individual houses. For new buildings, the obligation to separate rain 
water and wastewater is a requirement in the framework of obtaining building permits. For 
existing buildings, the Issuer and the relevant Guarantors should inform the house owners about 
their obligations, concerning rain water and wastewater. In order to do so, detailed plans of every 
house are drafted by the Issuer and delivered to the owners of the houses. The Executive Order 
of the Flemish Government of 5 July 2013 (published on 8 October 2013) establishing a regional 
planning regulation concerning rain drains, infiltration, buffering systems and separate discharge 
of wastewater and rain water tightened the already existing obligations at the Flemish level. It 
entered into force on 1 January 2014. In summary, it has the following core elements:  
• 
any new construction of surfacing (“verharding”) larger than 40 m² will have to comply 
with this Resolution;  
• 
general compulsory installation of an infiltration facility (with the exception for parcels 
with a surface of less than 250 m²); 
• 
new buildings and homes larger than 100 m² must have a rain water tank with a capacity 
of at least 5,000 liters;  
• 
for new subdivisions, collective infiltration facilities will be required.  
Financing model  
Recently, the VMM provided the Flemish municipalities updated financing standards in order to 
gain a clear insight into the financial challenges they are facing with regard to sewerage. The 
model used is based on the available revenues and the required investments for the zoning plans 
and execution plans for the whole of Flanders. Several scenarios have been elaborated. In this 
way, VMM has indicated that the Issuer’s sewerage municipalities, in order to reach the reduction 
objectives and the level of ambition set by VMM, will have to invest as follows:

--- Page 133 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
133 
Fluvius 
(aggregate in EUR) 
2021-2027 
2021-2027 
(amount per year) 
Replacement investments 
129,058,588 
18,436,941 
Expansion investments 
1,053,384,603 
150,483,515 
TOTAL 
1,182,443,191 
168,920,456 
 
CAPEX BUDGET SEWERAGE
 
2021 
2022
2023
2024
2025 
TOTAL 
 
 
 
 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
        
940,871  
        
984,815 
     
1,028,805 
     
1,074,981 
     
1,123,490  
     
5,152,962  
Fluvius Limburg 
   
46,614,434  
   
48,792,974 
   
51,065,654 
   
53,452,481 
   
55,963,877  
  
255,889,420  
Fluvius West OV 
   
11,385,280  
   
11,922,299 
   
12,472,296 
   
13,048,977 
   
13,653,542  
   
62,482,394  
Riobra OV 
   
11,846,273  
   
12,411,816 
   
13,004,517 
   
13,625,042 
   
14,254,564  
   
65,142,211  
Total 
   
70,786,858  
   
74,111,904 
   
77,571,272 
   
81,201,482 
   
84,995,473  
  
388,666,989  
 
 
TOTAL
TOTAL per year
 
 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
     5,152,962 
                  1,030,592 
Fluvius Limburg 
  255,889,420 
                 51,177,884 
Fluvius West OV 
   62,482,394 
                 12,496,479 
Riobra OV
   65,142,211 
                 13,028,442 
 
 
Total 
  388,666,989 
                 77,733,398 
 
The current investment standards provide that no expansion investments are to be carried out 
without subsidies by the Flemish Government (maximum 75%) or, in the absence thereof, by the 
relevant municipalities. However, the Issuer’s current investment standards, the current subsidy 
policy and rationalisation grants are clearly insufficient to maintain the rate of EUR 1.3 billion 
presupposed by the VMM. If the extension of the sewerage network is to be completed by the 
end of 2027, the Issuer has to annually invest approximately EUR 89 million. After deduction of 
the supramunicipal efforts through Aquafin and the (uncertain) subsidies of the Flemish 
Government, this still means an effort of EUR 57 million per year. In addition, the need for 
replacement investments for the maintenance of the existing sewerage network should also be 
taken into account. From the preceding numbers – which are similar for the whole of Flanders – 
it is clear that the sewerage sector in Flanders (including the Issuer and the relevant Guarantors) 
experiences structural financing problems. Therefore, the Issuer is currently working on a detailed 
financial plan containing various scenarios in order to remedy this structural problem, such as 
e.g. a reduction of investment needs (alternative sewerage, maintaining mixed sewerage systems 
and spreading out over time), or the creation of additional income (maximisation of 
rationalisation grants, alternative income, evolution of subsidies etc.). The ultimate solution will 
of course depend on the policy decisions taken in this regard by the Flemish Government and the 
participating municipalities. From 1 January 2016 onwards, the tariff structure is based on a fixed 
tariff plus a variable base tariff plus a variable comfort tariff applicable to higher consumption 
volumes. The Flemish Government expressed the intention that there will be more certainty about

--- Page 134 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
134 
the flow of revenues so that the financing of the public water supply will be less vulnerable to 
possible decreases in water consumption in the future. Furthermore, the Flemish Government 
clearly stated that it will support the cities, municipalities and sewerage system operators in the 
construction, the repair or maintenance of the sewerage systems. Pending a more structural 
solution, the Issuer maximally opts for an efficient spending of scarce funds. At the same time, 
the financial plan is used to guard over the means to finance the intended short-term investments, 
whereby absolute priority is given to urgent replacement investments and subsidised projects.  
Subsidies  
Sewerage infrastructure owners have the possibility to apply for regional sewerage subsidies. Typically, 
since 2017, new sewerage projects can obtain a 75% regional subsidy. In many cases road works will 
also have to be carried out, but these latter costs are not covered by the subsidy mechanism and are 
generally borne by the municipalities. 
Sewerage network of the Fluvius Economic Group  
The Issuer is the largest individual player in the field of sewerage system management in Flanders with 
approx. 25% of the Flemish municipalities covered. It is operational in 8649 municipalities. Fluvius West, 
Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg and Riobra are its four system operators for sewerage. 
Fluvius West  
Fluvius West has taken over the responsibilities and obligations of the municipalities which 
have joined Fluvius West with respect to their sewerage activities. The municipalities 
participating in Fluvius West for the sewerage activity have contributed the following rights 
and assets in exchange for shares in the intermunicipality:  
• 
full ownership (infrastructure, etc.) and the necessary rights required for the 
management of wastewater and rain water;  
• 
the rights of the municipalities with regard to private property; and  
• 
the rights of the municipalities to control the management of wastewater and rain water 
on their territories.  
Fluvius Limburg 
Fluvius Limburg has taken over the responsibilities and obligations of the municipalities which 
have joined Fluvius Limburg with respect to their sewerage activities.  
The municipalities participating in Fluvius Limburg for the sewerage activity have contributed 
the following rights and assets in exchange for shares in the intermunicipality:  
• 
full ownership (infrastructure, etc.) and the necessary rights required for the 
management of wastewater and rain water;  
• 
the rights of the municipalities with regard to private property; and  
• 
the rights of the municipalities to control the management of wastewater and rain water 
on their territories.  
Fluvius Antwerpen 
 
49 Pittem joined Fluvius West on 1 January 2020 and Lennik has decided to transfer its sewerage to Fluvius as from 1 January 2021.

--- Page 135 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
135 
Fluvius Antwerpen has taken over the responsibilities and obligations of the municipalities 
which had joined Iveg with respect to their sewerage activities. The municipalities have the 
choice whether or not to contribute full ownership of infrastructure etc. to Fluvius Antwerpen. 
It must in any event contribute the usage rights. Consequently, the participating municipalities 
for the sewerage activity contribute the following rights and assets in exchange for shares in 
the intermunicipality:  
• 
the necessary rights required for the management of wastewater and rain water;  
• 
the rights of the municipalities with regard to private property; and  
• 
the rights of the municipalities to control the management of wastewater and rain water 
on their territories.  
Riobra  
Riobra has taken over the responsibilities and obligations of the municipalities which have 
joined Riobra with respect to their sewerage activities. The municipalities have contributed the 
full ownership of all assets appropriate for the activity of Riobra in exchange for shares in 
Riobra. The sewerage activities of each municipality are transferred to Riobra by means of a 
complete transfer of competence. Furthermore, the municipalities freely contributed into 
Riobra (i) the exclusive rights on all pipes, sewers, buildings, installations and equipment 
required for the management of wastewater and rain water, (ii) the rights which the municipality 
disposes of concerning private property and (iii) the rights which the municipality disposes of 
in order to ensure the activity of sewerage.  
3.5 
Organisation of the Flemish cable television (CATV) market 
The cable network activities of the Issuer and the relevant Guarantors are limited to the grid-related 
activities (grid extension, connections to the grid, grid maintenance etc.). The commercial and content-
related CATV activities, however, have been transferred to Telenet NV following the 2008 Telenet 
Agreement as set out below. The relevant grid is owned by those Guarantors with CATV-activities (being 
Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West and PBE). 
The current commercial market for CATV services in Flanders is split up between a number of service 
providers, the most prominent ones being Proximus and Telenet. These (and other) providers offer 
television, internet and telephony services to the customers.  
3.6 
Other activities of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
3.6.1 
Public lighting 
The responsibilities for public lighting in Flanders are split between the Region (for roads and 
the public domain belonging to the federal authorities) and the municipalities (for roads and the 
public domain owned by the municipalities). The Issuer and the Guarantors are only involved in 
public lighting at the municipal level. Public lighting operations are a public service obligation 
for the DSOs (article 4.122 of the Energy Decree). 
The majority of the Flemish municipalities (19350 out of a total of 300) have already decided to 
contribute their public lighting infrastructure (mainly the poles, fittings and lamps used for public 
lighting purposes) into their electricity DSO in exchange for an amount in cash and shares in the 
 
50 This number might still increase, as the offer to the remaining municipalities remains valid.

--- Page 136 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
136 
DSO’s capital. By concentrating the entire assets for public lighting within the DSO, the roll-out 
of the investment programme to switch the entire municipal public lighting in Flanders, i.e., 
approximately 1.2 million lighting points, to energy-efficient LED technology by the year 2030 
is facilitated and can be executed in the most efficient way from an operational and financial point 
of view. 
3.6.2 
Financial participations 
Certain Guarantors hold substantial financial participations in certain holdings (directly or 
indirectly) controlling the Belgian TSOs Elia Transmission Belgium SA/NV (electricity) and 
Fluxys Belgium (gas). 
Publi-T 
Publi-T is the controlling shareholder of Elia Group NV/SA (“Elia Group”). Elia Group is the 
sole shareholder of Elia Transmission Belgium NV/SA, which has been licensed as Belgium’s 
electricity TSO.  
Publi-T is organised as a cooperative company under Belgian law. It owns 44.87% of Elia Group’s 
shares with the other shares divided over Publipart (3.32%) and free float (51.81%). 
The following Guarantors directly hold shares in Publi-T (figures as at 30 June 2020): 
• 
Fluvius Antwerpen: 5.27% 
• 
Fluvius Limburg: 9.34% 
• 
Fluvius West: 2.81% 
• 
Gaselwest: 8.36% 
• 
Imewo: 8.69% 
• 
Intergem: 4.29% 
• 
Iveka: 0.07% 
• 
Iverlek: 7.27% 
• 
PBE: 1.93% 
aggregate for the above Guarantors: 48.03%. 
The Guarantors’ total book value of their Publi-T participations is EUR 328.7 million (according 
to Belgian GAAP) as at 30 June 2020 (compared to EUR 249.5 million (according to Belgian 
GAAP) as at 31 December 2019). In 2019, they received a total dividend of EUR 18.8 million. 
Its market value (calculated applying IFRS), however, is estimated at EUR 1,430.3 million based 
on the share price51 of Elia as of 30 June 2020.52  
Publigas 
Publigas is the controlling shareholder of Fluxys. Publigas is organised as a cooperative company 
under Belgian law. It owns 77.54% of the Fluxys shares with the other shares divided over the 
 
51  Elia’s shares are listed on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange (ticker: ELI). 
52 This does not include the value of the shares of Elia held by Intergem.

--- Page 137 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
137 
Canadian pension fund CDPQ53 (19.91%), the federal investment entity FPIM54 (2.13%) and the 
Fluxys employees (0.42%). 
The following Guarantors directly hold shares in Publigas (figures as at 30 June 2020): 
• 
Fluvius Antwerpen: 6.59% 
• 
Gaselwest: 6.99% 
• 
Imewo: 6.98% 
• 
Intergem: 3.06% 
• 
Iverlek: 6.74% 
aggregate for the above Guarantors: 30.36%. 
The Guarantors’ total book value of their Publigas participations is EUR 74.5 million (according 
to Belgian GAAP) as at 30 June 2020 (which was the same (according to Belgian GAAP) as at 
31 December 2019). In 2019, the relevant Guarantors received a total Publigas dividend of 
EUR 31.6 million. 
3.6.3 
District heating  
Networks for district heating are gaining more and more traction over the last few years. Such 
grids distribute heat generated in a heating source to consumers. These grids can deliver heat to 
residential customers, industrial customers or a mix of both. District heating offers enhanced 
energy-efficiency, since the technology uses residual heat, which would otherwise be lost, for 
heating purposes or for industrial processes. 
In the Flemish Region, the Energy Decree55 defines district heating networks. At the date of this 
Base Prospectus, district heating falls outside the scope of regulation by the energy regulator 
VREG (or any other regulating body). Nevertheless, VREG is charged by the Flemish legislator 
with (1) the duty to inform the market on district heating, (2) an advisory role in this respect and 
(3) a supervisory role on the service quality delivered by heat suppliers. VREG is also competent 
for establishing a Technical Regulation for district heating. And, finally, VREG can act as an 
arbitrator in market disputes in which heating network operators are involved. 
Fluvius System Operator is currently involved in a number of district heating projects as grid 
operator and/or heat supplier56: 
Project 
Location 
Fluvius = 
grid 
operator 
Fluvius = 
heat supplier 
Category 
Nieuw Zuid 
Antwerp 
x 
x 
residential > 100 
Hof ter Bloemmolens 
Diksmuide 
x 
x 
residential > 100 
Sint-Idesbald 
Roeselare 
x 
x 
services & public 
 
53  CDPQ = Caisse de Dépôt et Placement du Québec. 
54  FPIM = Federale Participatie- en Investeringsmaatschappij (in French: Société Fédérale de Participations et d’Investissement). 
55  The Decree also defines cooling networks. 
56  Source: VREG (15 June 2020), Warmtenetrapport [RAPP-2020-15].

--- Page 138 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
138 
Balmatt (VITO) 
Mol 
x 
 
services & public 
Guido Gezellestraat 
Mol 
x 
x 
residential > 100 
Rodekruislaan 
Mol 
x 
x 
services & public 
Niefhout 
Turnhout 
x 
 
residential > 100 
Weidenstraat 
Kuurne 
x 
x 
residential > 100 
Balk Van Beel / Ark 
/ Twist 
Leuven 
x 
x 
residential > 100 
Rietvoortstraat 
Kuurne 
x 
x 
residential > 100 
Harelbeke 
Harelbeke 
x 
x 
residential > 100 
 
The category “residential > 100” involves projects for large-scale grids with more than 100 
consumers connected, with a focus on residential customers. The category “services & public” 
involves district heating grids primarily with connections to SMEs and/or services and public 
buildings, such as hospitals, schools etc. 
Although the number of district heating grids (56 as reported by VREG) is still quite limited in 
Flanders, this segment is developing rapidly. For the period 2018-2024, an aggregated budget of 
EUR 69.5 million is provided for the district heating grids.  
4 
Regulatory and contractual framework applicable to the Guarantors 
4.1 
Regulatory framework for the Flemish energy DSOs (electricity and gas) 
4.1.1 
Natural monopoly and regulation  
A DSO’s activity of energy distribution within its operating area is considered to be a “natural 
monopoly” activity. This concept implies that, on a specific market segment, one single company 
can produce a desired output at a lower social cost than two or more companies placed in 
competition are able to, because of both high fixed costs and economies of scale. On the other 
hand, a monopolist could in theory show undesired behaviour, such as excessive pricing for its 
end consumers, or inefficiency in its operations and an underdeveloped productivity.  
This monopoly market position for the DSOs is also acknowledged in the Flemish Region where 
the operation of a distribution network is a regulated activity that is granted a legal monopoly 
within the boundaries of the operating territory attributed to each DSO.  
For their distribution services, DSOs charge a fee (also called “tariff”) to the energy suppliers. 
The fee charged by the DSOs is called a distribution grid fee. The suppliers include this grid fee 
into the end consumers’ energy bill. The energy consumption bill that goes out to the end 
consumers thus includes not only the energy that was used (and a profit margin), but also the fees 
that were invoiced by the TSO and the DSO for the transport and distribution of electricity and 
gas. Nonetheless, within the Flemish regulatory system the DSO directly invoices one-off costs 
for the connection to the distribution grid to the end customer. Within this regulatory framework, 
established by the Flemish legislator, the VREG sets or approves the level of tariffs and/or the 
profits that DSOs are allowed to make and the regulator permanently verifies the professional 
and managerial reliability of a DSO and its operating company. The DSO grid fee is regulated,

--- Page 139 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
139 
which means that the distribution grid fee has to be submitted for prior approval (i.e. before it is 
being actually charged) to the energy regulator.  
The tariffs of this distribution grid fee are based on a “cost-oriented” system, and are fixed 
following a proposal for each individual DSO and for each of electricity and gas distribution 
separately. In practice, this means that there are differences between the tariffs charged by each 
DSO, dependent on the level of its operational costs.  
The regulatory framework consists of multi-annual tariffs, set on the basis of a tariff methodology 
that is fixed for a certain tariff period. During a specific tariff period tariffs can in principle only 
change in clearly defined circumstances and according to a pre-established formula. Currently, a 
tariff period lasts four years. 
The tariff methodology set by the VREG applies to the DSOs for gas and electricity that operate 
within the Flemish Region.  
The VREG’s tariff methodology is built upon an “ex ante revenue cap model” in which a cap 
determines the maximum revenue a DSO can collect from the grid users, with the exclusion of 
so-called “exogenous” costs that are beyond the DSO’s control. In addition, the tariff 
methodology caters for an adequate compensation for a DSO’s volume risk (i.e. the risk that the 
actual income derived from the grid fees deviates from the expected income due to a difference 
between actual and expected off-take volumes from the grid users). The latter volume risk 
compensation is foreseen both on the level of exogenous and endogenous costs.  
The cap formula allows for the allowed revenues to be updated annually based on the consumer 
price index as published by the Federal Public Service for the Economy (in Dutch: “Federale 
Overheidsdienst Economie”) based on the forecasts by the Federal Planning Agency (in Dutch: 
“Federaal Planbureau”). The VREG defends the revenue cap model on the grounds that it 
incentivises cost efficiencies at the DSOs and that it best remedies the regulator’s information 
handicap 57 . From an investor’s point of view, the most important criterion of the tariff 
methodology is the amount and the stability of the “allowed income”.  
The tariff methodology establishes the distribution grid fee which is the main source of revenue 
for the DSOs. The purpose is to sufficiently remunerate the DSOs, which should enable them to 
carry out the duties imposed on them, to build and maintain future-proof grids and to realise a 
fair remuneration for their shareholders as a return on the capital they invested. The VREG also 
pointed out that it wishes to take into account the regulatory risk and the potential impact thereof 
on financiers. Therefore, the tariff methodology should be transparent and – to the extent possible 
– stable and predictable. Any arbitrary and discriminatory action by the regulator with an impact 
on distribution tariffs must be ruled out. A situation in which there is an exaggerated focus on 
temporary effects violating the tariff methodology’s stability, effectivity and credibility should at 
all times be avoided. 
 
57  The theoretical concept of ‘information handicap’ refers to the universal and structural handicap a regulator faces in relation to the entities it 
regulates: a regulator as an outsider can never obtain the same level of information about a regulated entity’s activities as this regulated entity 
itself.

--- Page 140 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
140 
Tariffs are public, they are applied for the whole of the territory of each DSO and they are not 
subject to negotiation with customers. The currently applicable tariffs can be consulted on the 
VREG’s website58 and on the Issuer’s website59. 
The grid tariff structure is based on the cascade principle: end-users pay for the costs of the grid 
level to which they are connected and the costs of all higher grid levels proportionally to the use 
of these grid levels. In the electricity market this cascade principle is fully implemented as the 
DSOs pay the TSO for the use of the transmission grid. The transmission tariffs of Elia 
Transmission Belgium, the Belgian electricity TSO, are hence included in the electricity 
distribution tariffs of the DSOs which the latter charge to the suppliers (who eventually charge 
them on to their customers). This is conversely not the case on the gas market where the gas TSO 
Fluxys Belgium invoices the suppliers directly without the DSOs being involved.  
As mentioned above, distribution grid tariffs are regulated, which means that the distribution grid 
fees are (i) based on a tariff methodology established by the regulator in principle for the entire 
regulatory/tariff period (currently four years) and (ii) have to be submitted (based on a proposal 
for each individual DSO and both for gas and electricity separately) for prior approval (i.e. before 
being actually charged) by the regulator. The regulator will exercise control on the proposed 
distribution grid fees. This takes the form of a check in advance (“ex ante”) when the DSOs’ tariff 
proposals are submitted for approval. At this moment, the regulator can reject elements of the 
budgeted costs and the regulator will establish the allowed income for a DSO (i.e., the part of the 
income that can be recovered through the grid tariffs). Afterwards (“ex post”), i.e., after the year 
for which an allowed income had been established, the DSO merely has a reporting obligation 
and is obliged to submit a detailed report to the regulator regarding the actual costs incurred (both 
for the so-called exogenous and endogenous costs) during the previous year. The regulatory 
framework consists of multi-annual tariffs applying for the whole tariff period. During a tariff 
period, tariffs in principle can only be changed in limited circumstances or according to pre-
determined mechanisms such as an indexation mechanism. The regulatory framework aims at 
sufficiently remunerating the DSOs, enabling them to carry out the duties imposed on them and 
realising a fair remuneration as a return on the capital invested by their shareholders.  
Only the Guarantors (and not the Issuer) obtain their income directly from these grid fees. Where 
certain costs are not taken into account in the regulated tariffs, the corresponding economic cost 
is to be borne by the shareholders of the Guarantors (through a decrease in profit). As mentioned 
above, the operating company works on the basis of a pure pass-through mechanism for all its 
costs to the Guarantors, based on an allocation key.  
4.1.2 
Legislative principles for the regulatory tarification framework 
The tariff-setting competences for distribution grid tariffs in Belgium are situated with the 
regions60. For the Flemish Region, the VREG has since mid-2014 replaced the CREG as the 
competent regulatory body. 
 
58  See: https://www.vreg.be/nl/distributienettarieven. 
59  See: https://www.fluvius.be/nl/thema/aansluitingen-elektriciteit-1/contracten-reglementen-en-tarieven-elektriciteit. 
60  On transmission of electricity and transport of natural gas the federal regulator CREG has retained its tariff-setting competency beyond 1 July 
2014.

--- Page 141 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
141 
The general principles underlying the tariff methodology are enshrined in the tariff guidelines set 
out in the Energy Decree. The current tarification system in Flanders is basically an income 
regulation-based system, also called a “revenue-cap” system. 
The regional legislator and the VREG are bound by the general principles defined by the Third 
Energy Package (see above and below). In particular, the VREG has to respect the principle that 
tariff methodologies should guarantee the long-term ability of the system to meet reasonable 
demands for the distribution of electricity and gas. In addition, the tariff methodologies should 
allow the DSOs to ensure the necessary investments in their networks to be carried out in a 
manner that allows those investments to ensure the viability of the networks.  
The regulator’s role and competencies  
The current powers of the regulator are quite broad and the regulator holds an independent 
position within the energy market. The regulator has the exclusive power to establish (although 
after “structured, documented and transparent” consultation with the DSOs) the tariff 
methodology to be used by the DSOs as a basis for their tariff proposals, and subsequently to 
approve these tariff proposals or – if needed – to impose provisional tariffs.  
Nevertheless, when establishing the tariff methodology, the regulator remains bound by a number 
of binding guidelines incorporated in legislation. Amongst these guidelines is the principle that 
the VREG executes its tariff competency within the boundaries of the general energy policy as 
defined at European, federal and regional level. Furthermore, the VREG is compelled to 
extensively motivate its tariff decisions, both for its tariff methodology and the actual tariff 
decisions. The regulator is not allowed to retro-actively amend tariffs, notwithstanding the 
settlement of tariff balances in subsequent tariff periods (“regulatoire saldi” – see below) or 
compensatory measures after having imposed temporary provisional tariffs. 
In accordance with the rules laid down in the Third Energy Package, the core duties of the 
regulator for tariff setting do not deprive the legislator of the right to issue general policy 
guidelines which will have to be reflected into the tariff structure and methodology. The Energy 
Decree sets out binding tariff guidelines, which include, amongst others, the more general 
principles of exhaustiveness and transparency, non-discrimination and proportionality. In 
addition, this article in the Energy Decree also specifies that:  
• 
the criteria to reject costs should be non-discriminatory and transparent;  
• 
the tariffs are non-discriminatory and proportional, and should reflect the actual costs, to 
the extent that these correspond to the costs made by efficient and structurally comparable 
DSOs;  
• 
the remuneration for the regulated assets should allow a DSO to make the necessary 
investments for the execution of its tasks and its “access to capital”;  
• 
the charges related to public service obligations are included in the tariffs, yet the VREG 
still has the power to assess the costs generated by the DSOs for those tasks and to 
benchmark those costs with the other DSOs;  
• 
the tariff methodology should stipulate the determination of the tariff balances;  
• 
cross-subsidisation between regulated and non-regulated activities is not allowed;

--- Page 142 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
142 
• 
costs which are not under the control of a DSO constitute “exogenous costs”; costs relating 
to the execution of public service obligations and additionally imposed during a tariff 
period qualify as exogenous costs as well; 
• 
the DSOs should perform their tasks in an efficient way; and 
• 
any capacity tariff should take into account regionally objectifiable differences.  
4.1.3 
Tarification principles (2021-2024) 
(a) 
Allowed income for the DSOs 
There are two main aspects in tarification that have to be clearly separated: 
(i) 
the tariff methodology establishes the distribution tariff by defining principles and 
parameters; 
(ii) 
the tariff structure sets out how the tariff is spread over the different categories of 
end consumers. 
It is to be noted that a Guarantor’s income is only affected by the tariff methodology, not 
by the tariff structure. 
The VREG has chosen for a tariff regulation based on the so-called “allowed income” 
model with the exception of exogenous costs. It deems this approach as the best approach 
to incentivise DSOs to execute their operations as cost-efficiently as possible.  
The tariff methodology used by the VREG is basically built upon three different categories 
of DSO costs, which are touched upon below: 
(A) 
endogenous costs: to be processed through the grid fee via the allowed income 
(B) 
exogenous costs: entirely to be borne by a DSO’s grid users through the grid fee 
(C) 
other costs: to be borne by the DSO itself, these costs cannot be included into the 
grid fee 
(A) 
Endogenous costs 
In the “allowed income” model the endogenous costs are subject to incentive 
regulation to stimulate a DSO to work as cost-efficiently as possible and to ensure 
a sustainable management of the grid over time. Hence, to cover the endogenous 
costs, the tariff methodology should allow each DSO a certain amount of fixed 
revenues (the “allowed income”) which should correspond to the revenues of an 
efficient DSO. According to the VREG, the cost budget for a DSO should reflect 
the recent historical evolution of the endogenous sector costs and the actual share 
of each individual DSO therein (“sector trend methodology”).  
The major endogenous costs for the DSOs are: 
• 
operational net expenditures, 
• 
depreciations, 
• 
remuneration for the cost of equity, 
• 
remuneration for the cost of debt.

--- Page 143 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
143 
Operational net expenditures 
The operating net expenditures incurred by a DSO in the context of its regulated 
activities, i.e. operational costs minus operational revenues, qualify as endogenous 
costs to which incentive regulation applies.  
Depreciations  
The value of all infrastructure elements that make up a distribution grid for 
electricity or gas is depreciated in accordance with the rules established by the 
regulator. This depreciation cost is integrally included into the distribution grid fee.  
The amortisation of surplus values based on the historical indexation and the initial 
regulated asset base is also taken into account. 
The VREG believes that goodwill and formation expenses do not qualify as assets 
used for distribution grid management purposes. As a consequence, the tariff 
methodology does not allow a DSO to include amortisations on goodwill and 
formation expenses as an endogenous cost in its tariff envelope. These costs cannot 
be recovered via the tariffs.  
Remuneration for the cost of equity  
The DSO is also entitled to receive a fair remuneration for the resources that its 
shareholders have invested in the distribution grid in the form of share capital and 
other equity elements. Basically, the remuneration for equity is set on the basis of 
the formula  
 ‘RAB x WACC’, 
in which 
• 
RAB (Regulatory Asset Base) equals the regulated grid value calculated as 
the net economic reconstruction value, i.e. the investment amount needed 
to build a technically equivalent new grid, but based on the age of the 
current grid. The evolution of the RAB is monitored through a technical 
inventory and the yearly changes thereof (being investments in new grid 
infrastructure on the one hand and decommissioned infrastructure elements 
on the other hand).  
The net working capital can be included into the RAB value taken into 
consideration for the establishment of the equity remuneration. 
and in which 
• 
WACC (Weighted Average Cost of Capital) is a weighted average of an 
entity’s costs of equity and debt, weighted by the proportions of equity and 
debt in its total balance sheet value. The WACC parameter is derived from 
the CAPM61 pricing formula. The WACC is determined ex-ante by the 
regulator and should be at an efficient and realistic level. The capital 
 
61  CAPM refers to the commonly used “Capital Asset Pricing Model”, an economic model for the determination of required returns on 
investments given the risk of the relevant assets and the cost of capital. The CAPM formula is “the expected return of an investment equals 
the risk-free rate multiplied by the investment beta multiplied by the market risk premium”, in which beta is a measure of how much risk the 
investment will add to (or subtract from) an investment portfolio equal to the market.

--- Page 144 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
144 
remuneration is calculated with reference to the relevant assets on the 
DSO’s balance sheet used for executing its regulated activities. Following 
the equity/debt calibration, an additional adjustment is made for corporate 
taxes as well. 
The parameters for this calculation during the tariff period 2021-2024 have been 
set as detailed in section 4.1.4(c) – ‘The tariff period 2021-2024’ below. 
Remuneration for the cost of debt 
A DSO’s costs for debt (including interests and transaction costs) are also being 
remunerated through the grid fee. 
The VREG has indicated that it is not in favour of introducing a major risk of 
refinancing by the regulated DSOs. Such a risk might arise when a DSO is obliged 
to refinance its outstanding debt (mostly on terms beyond a 4-year tariff period so 
as to reflect the long-term useful life of its grid infrastructure’s assets) at the start 
of each new tariff period. With the basic principle of cost-efficiency in mind, the 
VREG also does not want to incentivise DSOs towards early redemptions of debt 
(whether bank loans or bonds), which would trigger additional costs. Therefore, 
the VREG has chosen for an approach which combines current market 
circumstances (interest rates) and the historical circumstances at the basis of 
outstanding DSO debt. 
The tariff methodology allows for transaction costs related to attracting debt 
financing. Transaction costs are a.o. fees paid to legal and financial advisers, costs 
paid to the financial regulator FSMA, costs made for drawing up a prospectus, 
listing costs, credit rating costs. 
More precisely, to determine the cost of debt in the WACC (as a percentage), the 
VREG applies a combined value consisting of the sum of (i) a risk-free interest rate 
for historical debt, (ii) a risk premium for historical and for new debt and (iii) an 
increase for transaction costs (for both historical and new debt). The values for 
these components and other parameters to calculate the cost of debt during the tariff 
period 2021-2024 have been set as detailed in section 4.1.4(c) – ‘The tariff period 
2021-2024’ below. 
Allowed income for endogenous costs  
Endogenous costs are subject to incentive regulation. The VREG has emphasised 
the importance of identifying the amount of the allowed income for endogenous 
costs in a transparent, non-discriminatory and predictable manner. To this end, the 
VREG has decided to determine the amount of the allowed income for endogenous 
costs on the basis of the evolution of the endogenous “sector” costs during a certain 
“observation period”. This observation period equals the five-year period starting 
from the year before the start of a specific tariff period. This method of post-
calculation allows the VREG to determine a DSO’s future income on the basis of 
the evolution and amount of the sector’s most recent (historical) costs.  
Furthermore, by referring to the “sector” costs, the VREG can incentivise all DSOs 
to work as efficiently as possible. For example, in case a DSO’s endogenous costs 
have increased more rapidly than the sector average, the former’s future allowed 
income in the next regulatory period will to a lesser extent correspond to that

--- Page 145 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
145 
DSO’s latest cost level. Conversely, if a DSO’s endogenous costs have decreased 
more rapidly compared to the costs of its peers, its new allowed income in the next 
regulatory period will be higher than its most recent cost level.  
(B) 
Exogenous costs 
Exogenous costs in general constitute the costs that are “beyond the control” of the 
DSO (or its operating company). These costs are therefore not subject to a system 
of incentive regulation and, as such, they are left out of the revenue cap. All 
exogenous costs are passed through to the distribution grid users, without any profit 
margin for a DSO and/or its operating company. 
A DSO is obliged to introduce an annual budget for exogenous costs to the VREG. 
The regulator then investigates this budget proposal for approval and introduction 
into the relevant grid fees. Any differences between these annual budgets (which 
are proposed “ex ante”) and the actual costs incurred by the DSO (which can only 
be exactly established “ex post”), whether positive or negative (so-called “tariff 
balances”), are being processed in the tariffs during the following tariff period (in 
principle in a four-year cycle).  
The major exogenous costs for a Flemish energy DSO are: 
• 
costs for the (financial) public service obligations to be performed by the 
DSO (in relation to e.g. the stimulation of rational energy use) 
• 
costs for the transmission of electricity (invoiced by TSO Elia) 
• 
pension charges (see below for more details) 
• 
taxes (excluding corporate tax) 
• 
levies 
• 
charges related to certificates; and 
• 
the reduction of tariff balances. 
Costs for Public Service Obligations  
The legislative authorities have imposed on the Flemish DSOs a number of public 
service obligations, which are mostly social, technical and ecological measures, 
such as the costs for budget metering, the costs for RUE62 subsidies paid out to 
consumers, energy scans, insulation projects etc. The net costs incurred by the 
DSOs with respect to these public service obligations63 are fully passed on to 
consumers through the distribution grid fee.  
Costs for the transmission of electricity (TSO Elia) 
 
62  RUE: rational use of energy. 
63  Only the net costs for public service obligations may be introduced into the tariffs, i.e. after deduction of any contributions or receipts from 
third parties.

--- Page 146 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
146 
The federal TSO Elia64 invoices its costs for the use of the electricity transmission 
grid to the DSOs. The DSO is allowed to include the transmission cost as an 
exogenous cost into its own tariff to be invoiced to the electricity suppliers. The 
DSO can do so, since the transmission cost invoiced by Elia is also subject to 
regulation, albeit by the federal energy regulator CREG.  
The federal contribution which is added to the electricity grid tariffs is not included 
into these exogenous costs. 
Pension charges 
The charges incurred by a DSO for the non-capitalised supplementary pensions or 
the public sector pensions paid out to employees that have executed a regulated 
activity in electricity and/or gas distribution are deemed to have an exogenous 
character, on the express condition that these charges are due on the basis of 
statutory regimes, collective bargaining agreements or any other sufficiently 
formalised agreements approved prior to 30 April 1999. 
Taxes 
Taxes are considered to be exogenous costs. Corporate taxes, if any, are an 
exception to this general principle. This also applies to other amounts levied by 
public authorities and paid for by third parties, e.g. retributions paid by the DSOs 
to municipalities65 and the levy on the use of the large-scale reference file (as 
stipulated in the Flemish Decree of 16 April 2004 regarding the Large-Scale 
Reference File66). 
Levies 
Part of the total grid fee consists of federal and Flemish levies. More particularly: 
• 
the energy contribution is a levy on each kWh of electricity and gas 
consumed. 
• 
the federal contribution a.o. serves to finance the Social Energy Fund and 
the Fund for Protected Consumers. It also finances the federal regulator 
CREG. Lastly, the federal contribution is also used to finance the 
Denuclearisation Fund and dedicated measures aimed at reducing 
greenhouse gas emissions. 
• 
the Flemish contribution (“contribution to the Energy Fund”) is used by the 
Flemish authorities to finance their energy policy. As such, these funds are 
being used to finance the VREG’s operations, the social energy policy, and 
the policies related to rational use of energy, combined heat-power and 
renewables. 
In the tariff methodology, these levies are treated as exogenous costs for the DSOs. 
 
64  Elia Transmission Belgium NV/SA has been designated as the national and regional/local TSO for the very high- and high-voltage electricity 
grid in Belgium (Elia Group Press Release of 20 January 2020). 
65  The so-called “regulation on municipal retributions” (in Dutch: “reglement gemeentelijke retributies”). 
66  Published in the Belgian State Gazette on 5 July 2004.

--- Page 147 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
147 
Charges related to certificates 
The DSOs’ costs directly related to the obligatory purchase of certificates for green 
power and combined heat/power, at their minimum support level, can be 
introduced into the grid fee as an exogenous cost. Also included as exogenous costs 
are the costs/revenues from the obligatory solidarity mechanism between the 
DSOs, which results in either an additional cost (if a specific DSO has to take over 
additional certificates from other DSOs) or a revenue (if a DSO can sell certificates 
to other DSOs). The same holds for certificates which a DSO can sell to the Flemish 
authorities within the framework of measures laid down in the Energy Decree. 
More details about the certificate mechanism such as it is being applied in the 
Flemish Region, are included in the next paragraphs. 
In the Flemish Region, a system of so-called green power certificates and CHP 
certificates was introduced in 2004. The three main pillars of the Flemish green 
power and CHP certificate system are (i) the possibility of producers of green 
energy and CHP to be granted green/CHP certificates67 , (ii) the obligation for 
suppliers of electricity to acquire each year a number of green power and CHP 
certificates (quota obligation) and (iii) the guarantee system whereby a minimum 
price for the certificates is guaranteed to the producers of electricity for a 
predetermined period.  
In this framework, the producers of green electricity and CHP have the 
responsibility to transmit the necessary production information to the VREG, 
which will rely on this information to issue green power and CHP certificates. The 
DSOs also have an important role in the guarantee system, since this guarantee 
system has been implemented through the obligation for the DSOs to purchase 
green power and CHP certificates from certain producers of green electricity/CHP 
at a fixed price.  
The Issuer, as the operating company for the Flemish electricity DSOs, is also 
responsible for the administrative aspects towards the prosumers in Flanders. The 
latter have to contact Fluvius for all matters pertaining the green certificates/CHP 
database, such as a change of address, the input of their solar production data in 
order to obtain certificates, etc. 
The system is such that the DSOs are obliged to buy the green power and CHP 
certificates at a fixed minimum price predetermined by the public authorities, 
without the DSOs having any say on the price level. The DSOs buy these 
certificates from any party requesting to do so, and then offload these green power 
certificates in the market while recognising the difference between the guaranteed 
price (at which the DSOs have bought the certificates) and the market price for the 
certificates (at which they can be sold by the DSOs) as a public service obligation 
cost, to be charged through in the distribution grid fee as an exogenous cost. The 
number of certificates which the DSOs can be forced to purchase is not limited and 
 
67  For installations with a start date before 1 January 2013, one green power or CHP certificate is attributed for each 1,000 kWh of green 
electricity produced or saved. For installations with a start date from 1 January 2013, one green power or CHP certificate is attributed for each 
1,000 kWh of green electricity produced or saved, multiplied by the applicable banding factor (which is calculated on the basis of the 
unprofitable summit for the type of project and remains fixed for the whole duration of the support).

--- Page 148 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
148 
will depend on the amount of produced renewable energy. Through this certificate 
mechanism, the Flemish authorities have established a support mechanism for the 
development of renewable and decentralised (including CHP) electricity 
generation in Flanders.  
Reduction of tariff balances 
In addition, the VREG in principle considers the historically accumulated tariff 
balances (“regulatoire saldi”)68 to be exogenous as well. This means that the 
amount of exogenous costs to be incorporated into the grid fees for a certain year 
may be modified annually by the VREG depending on the exogenous costs actually 
incurred in (the) previous year(s). In addition, the future balances as a consequence 
of the actually incurred exogenous costs and the actual revenues which should 
cover these costs, are subtracted from or added to the grid fees. 
(C) 
Other costs 
If and when a DSO has incurred other costs, these costs constitute “rejected costs” 
(“verworpen kosten”), which means that regulation does not allow them to be 
included into the grid tariffs. As such, these costs cannot be recovered through the 
grid fee and have to be borne by the DSO (and thus, ultimately, its shareholders). 
Examples of this category of other costs are fines, provisions, costs for lost court 
cases etc. 
Establishment of a DSO’s total allowed income 
As mentioned above, the total allowed income which a DSO can obtain from the 
periodical distribution grid fees is based upon (i) the allowed income for exogenous 
costs and (ii) the allowed income for endogenous costs.  
Adaptations of the allowed income  
The tariff methodology allows for certain additional adaptations. A DSO’s 
endogenous costs can be adapted taking into account (i) inflation, (ii) several X-
factors reflecting positive/negative results of the relevant DSO and (iii) a Q-factor 
(quality factor) to stimulate a persistently high service quality to be delivered by 
the DSO.  
Inflation: The tariff methodology caters for inflation rate evolutions. In practice, 
this is implemented by a dual-step approach. On the one hand, the historical values 
of endogenous sector costs are updated at the beginning of every tariff period and, 
on the other hand, a DSO’s allowed income is adapted “annually”. The inflation 
rate is measured on the basis of the retail price index.  
X-factor: The adaptation of a DSO’s allowed income on the basis of inflation is 
corrected by a so-called “X-factor”. This X-factor indicates to what extent a DSO’s 
tariffs can increase annually assuming that the DSO performs its tasks efficiently. 
The use of the X-factor constitutes a form of incentive-based regulation as it 
indicates to what extent a DSO has to deliver extra efficiency and productivity. 
Through the X-factor, consumers directly participate in the expected cost 
 
68  Formerly called “regulatory assets & liabilities”.

--- Page 149 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
149 
reductions in the form of lower tariffs in the next regulatory period. On the other 
hand, a DSO can also benefit as long as it manages to reduce costs in excess of the 
X-factor. The residual cost savings can then be retained in the form of higher profits 
in the next regulatory period.  
Q-factor: A DSO could theoretically exaggerate its cost savings benchmarked 
against the X-factor, possibly at the expense of the quality of its services delivered 
to the end consumers. To mitigate this problem, the tariff methodology also 
contains a Q-factor. The Q-factor or “quality factor” measures the level of quality 
of a DSO’s services and is translated into a financial remuneration (or a financial 
penalisation).  
X’-factor: On 20 September 2018, the Flemish energy regulator introduced a 
specific additional factor, labelled X’, into the then ongoing tariff methodology (for 
2017-2020) at the occasion of the merger of the DSOs’ operating companies Eandis 
System Operator and Infrax into Fluvius System Operator. The X’-factor 
introduces an extra financial cost saving incentive for the DSOs, as well as a 
compulsory timing for these cost savings to be realised. This X’ factor is 
maintained in the new tariff methodology from 2021 onwards. 
X’’ factor: Frontier shift 
The previous tariff methodology (for 2017-2020) made use of a mechanism to set 
the allowed income for endogenous costs based on the actual costs of the previous 
years. This model includes a competitive element, incentivizing the individual 
DSOs to outperform the norm, being the average evolution for the group of all 
DSOs.  
As a consequence of the Fluvius merger, the VREG introduced an additional 
safeguard for cost efficiency in the new tariff methodology from 2021 onwards. 
This safeguard takes the form of a so-called “frontier shift”, i.e. a productivity 
improvement which efficient companies can realise. The cost evolution for 
distribution system operations is being compared to the ones in comparable and 
representative sectors. Every DSO should be able to realise at least the net frontier 
shift productivity improvement.  
(b) 
Periodical and non-periodical costs and tariffs 
Within the tariff methodology, a distinction is made between periodical and non-periodical 
(or one-off) costs. The non-periodical tariffs include e.g. tariffs for the connection to the 
distribution grid, for studies related to a connection or for adaptations to the metering 
system. Periodical tariffs include tariffs for the use of the distribution grid, for public 
service obligations, for the use of the transport grid and for a number of ancillary services. 
4.1.4 
The DSOs’ regulatory tariffs in historical perspective 
(a) 
Before 2017 
In the years preceding 2017, the distribution grid tarification system was changed several 
times. In the information presented below, the changes that are still relevant for the tariff 
methodologies 2017-2020 and 2021-2024 are commented upon. 
The two-year period 2015-2016 constituted a transitory tariff period in which the tariff 
methodology defined by the VREG was partially inspired by the tariff methodology

--- Page 150 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
150 
previously established by the CREG. This 2015-2016 tariff methodology was established 
following an ad hoc procedure and evolved into a revenue cap model in which a cap 
determines the maximum revenue a DSO can collect from its consumers, with the 
exclusion of the “exogenous” costs that are beyond the DSO’s control.  
Pursuant to the Belgian Sixth State Reform the tariff-setting competences for distribution 
grid tariffs have been transferred to the Regions from 1 July 2014 onwards. In the Flemish 
Region, the VREG has thus become responsible for distribution grid tarification. On 14 
March 2014, the Flemish Parliament approved a Decree altering the Energy Decree to 
formally appoint the VREG as the regulator for distribution grid tariffs and to anticipate 
the implementation of these new tariff competences in the Flemish Region as from July 
2014.  
Recovery of historical regulatory assets and liabilities  
Regulatory tariff schemes up until the year 2014 provided for stimuli for DSOs to operate 
more productively and efficiently. A distinction was made between “manageable costs” 
(beheersbare kosten) and “non-manageable costs” (niet-beheersbare kosten). The former 
are costs over which the DSO has direct control; the latter are the costs over which the 
DSO does not have such direct control (e.g. TSO tariffs and public service obligations). 
The CREG compared both manageable and non-manageable costs actually incurred on a 
yearly basis with the respective costs foreseen in the budget upon which the original tariff 
proposals were based. Differences relating to manageable costs were to the benefit of the 
shareholders of a DSO (bonus) or were borne by them (malus). Deviations relating to non-
manageable costs (e.g. depreciations, public service obligations, network losses) and to 
volumes of transported energy were considered as a global liability or receivable towards 
the grid users (Regulatory Assets or Liabilities or “RALs”).  
These deviations were registered by the Guarantors on an accrual account prior to an 
approval of the exact level of these deviations by the regulator following the end of each 
year of a regulatory period either as a receivable (in case the non-manageable costs 
actually incurred are higher than the budgeted costs) or as a liability (non-manageable 
costs actually incurred are lower than budgeted costs).  
The CREG did not take a decision on the RALs relating to the years 2010 and 2011 due 
to the uncertainty of the tariff framework arguing that such a decision required the 
preliminary establishment of a tariff methodology and that given the then ongoing transfer 
of tariff setting competences, there was no time, nor a legal basis to establish such a 
methodology.  
On 30 June 2015, the Court of Appeal of Brussels – in proceedings instituted by the DSOs 
from the former Infrax Group – ruled that, in order to ensure regulatory continuity, it 
would be appropriate that the responsibility for the “determination” of the RALs should 
lie with the same regulatory body that is also competent for the “allocation” of those 
RALs. Hence, the Court decided that the VREG should take both the determination and 
the allocation decision for the relevant RALs. When making those decisions, the VREG 
should take into account the tariff methodology used by the CREG to “determine” the 
original tariffs to the extent this methodology complies with the regulatory guidelines 
contained in the federal Electricity Law.  
In the 2015-2016 transitory tariff methodology the VREG qualified these RALs as 
exogenous costs. When the VREG established the 2015-2016 transitory tariff

--- Page 151 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
151 
methodology in the fourth quarter of 2014, it was not prone to take a similar decision for 
the RALs relating to the period 2010-2014. The VREG decided, on 5 October 2015, to 
amend the 2015-2016 transitory tariff methodology to allow for the integration of a 20% 
provision for the RALs relating to the period 2010-2014. In its 2017-2020 tariff 
methodology, the VREG evenly integrated the remaining 80% in the annual tariffs of 
2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 (i.e., 20% every year). 
(b) 
The regulatory tariff period 2017-2020 
On 24 August 201669, the VREG established the tariff methodology for electricity and gas 
distribution in the Flemish Region for the tariff period 2017-2020. Since then, the VREG 
amended this tariff methodology at several occasions: 
1. 
on 6 July 2018 (BESL-2018-23): the amendments introduced criteria for evaluating 
the reasonableness of costs incurred by the DSOs; reporting on the cost efficiency 
of the connection points with the Elia electricity transmission grid was made 
obligatory; 
2. 
on 20 September 2018 (BESL-2018-73): the amendments introduced financial 
stimuli at the occasion of the operating companies Eandis System Operator and 
Infrax into Fluvius System Operator which took effect on 1 July 2018; 
3. 
on 21 June 2019 (BESL-2019-24): a number of changes were introduced into the 
tariff methodology to take into account the introduction of digital meters. 
Apart from the general principles underlying the tariff methodologies, as commented upon 
in section 4.1 – ‘Regulatory framework for the Flemish energy DSOs (electricity and 
gas)’, the main points of the 2017-2020 methodology can be summarised as follows: 
The VREG applies the following calculation parameters: 
in calculating the cost of equity,  
• 
a gearing ratio of 40% equity versus 60% debt, irrespective of the actual 
balance sheet structures of the regulated DSOs; 
• 
a risk-free interest rate of 1.43%, which is derived from (i) 0.80% being the 
two-year weighted average of yields on 10-year government bonds (for 75% 
Belgian government bonds (‘OLO’) and for 25% on German government 
bonds (‘Bunds’)) and (ii) 0.63%, being a compensation for the decreasing 
impact of the ongoing bond purchase programme by the European Central 
Bank (“ECB”) on government bonds70; 
• 
an additional market risk premium of 5.01%;  
• 
a parameter reflecting the risk profile of the DSO (the so-called “equity beta 
factor”) set at 0.81 for both electricity and gas.  
 
69  VREG document ‘BESL-2016-09’ at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2016-09.  
70  The ECB initiated a Quantitative Easing (“QE”) programme in January 2015: it consisted of an expanded asset purchase programme of bonds 
issued by different types of issuers and aims at a reduction of bonds yields in order to support and revitalise the eurozone’s economy. Since 
its inception, the ECB’s QE programme brought about a general reduction of bond yields and the risk-free interest rate in European debt 
capital markets.

--- Page 152 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
152 
Based on these parameters, the VREG set the post-tax cost of capital at 5.49%. 
in calculating the cost of debt, 
• 
the proportion between historical debt and new debt is set at 65% for 
historical debt and 35% for new debt; 
• 
the same risk-free interest rate parameters as described above for the cost of 
equity are being applied; this amounts to a risk-free interest rate for 
historical debt of 3.04%;  
• 
a risk premium for historical debt of 0.64% and 0.61% for new debt; 
• 
0.15% is added to the cost of debt, both for new and historical debt, to cater 
for transaction costs.  
The overall cost of debt used in the tariff methodology 2017-2020 for the Flemish DSOs 
is therefore 3.04%. 
The combined cost of equity (5.49%) and cost of debt (3.04%) results in a total WACC 
(pre-tax) of 4.8%. This boils down to a post-tax WACC of 4.0%. 
(c) 
The tariff period 2021-2024 
The VREG published its decision on the new tariff methodology for the tariff period 2021-
2024 on 13 August 202071.  
Apart from the general principles underlying all tariff methodologies, as commented upon 
in section 4.1 – ‘Regulatory framework for the Flemish energy DSOs (electricity and 
gas)’, the main points of the 2021-2024 methodology can be summarised as follows: 
The VREG will apply the following calculation parameters: 
in calculating the cost of equity, 
• 
a gearing ratio of 40% equity versus 60% debt, irrespective of the actual 
balance sheet structures of the regulated DSOs; 
• 
a risk-free interest rate of 0.09%, which is derived from the two-year 
weighted average of yields on 10-year government bonds (for 75% Belgian 
government bonds (“OLO”) and for 25% on German government bonds 
(“Bunds”))  
• 
the compensation for the decreasing impact of the ongoing bond purchase 
programme by the ECB on government bonds, introduced in the previous 
(2017-2020) tariff methodology, will no longer apply in the 2021-2024 tariff 
period; 
• 
an additional market risk premium of 4.81%;  
• 
a parameter reflecting the risk profile of the DSO (the so-called “equity beta 
factor”) set at 0.83 for both electricity and gas. 
 
71  VREG document ‘BESL-2020-31’ at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2020-31.

--- Page 153 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
153 
Based on these parameters, the VREG set the pre-tax cost of equity at 5.44% (post-tax at 
4.08%72). 
in calculating the cost of debt, 
• 
the proportion between historical debt and new debt is set at 60% for 
historical debt and 40% for new debt; 
• 
the same risk-free interest rate parameters as described above for the cost of 
equity are being applied, albeit without the compensation for the ECB bond 
purchasing programme; this amounts to a risk-free interest rate for historical 
debt of 2.11%;  
• 
a risk premium for historical debt of 0.58% and 0.85% for new debt; 
• 
the interest rates are set at 2.84% for historical debt and at 1.09% for new 
debt; 
• 
0.15% is added to the cost of debt, both for new and historical debt to cater 
for transaction costs.  
The overall cost of debt used in the tariff methodology 2021-2024 for the Flemish DSOs 
is therefore 2.14%. 
The combined cost of equity (5.44%) and cost of debt (2.14%) results in a total WACC 
(pre-tax) of 3.5%.  
Additionally, the VREG decided to implement a fundamental change in the remuneration 
mechanism for the RAB: the revaluation surplus values within the RAB73 are being set 
apart and the relevant remuneration will be gradually phased out to disappear entirely over 
a period of eight years (2021-2029). 
The quality incentive, also identified as “Q-factor”, will be an element in the allowed 
income for endogenous costs. It will be calculated on the basis of a DSO’s performance 
on (i) power outages and (ii) late connections to the distribution grid. 
The trend methodology which the regulator uses for setting the DSOs’ allowed income 
does not take into account a swift and substantial increase of costs, since it is based on the 
evolution in the recent past and not on the expected costs in the near future. That is why 
the VREG has foreseen an advance payment scheme that allows the Issuer and the 
Guarantors to file year-by-year a request for an advance to compensate for quickly rising 
costs. The decision by the Flemish Government, dated 5 June 2020, to accelerate the smart 
metering roll-out (see section 9.2 – ‘Trends in the energy sector’) does indeed trigger 
substantial additional costs at the level of the Issuer and the Guarantors. A request for an 
advance of EUR 42.83 million for 2021 has been filed by the Issuer and the Guarantors 
and was approved by the regulator. Further details on the approval of advancements for 
2022 and beyond and on the repayment mechanism of these advances, are still to be 
elaborated. 
 
72  Calculated on the basis of a corporate tax rate of 25.00%. 
73  For 2019, the Guarantors’ aggregate RAB value for electricity and gas network infrastructure amounted to 9.9 billion EUR, of which 
approximately an amount of 1.9 billion EUR is composed of revaluation surplus values.

--- Page 154 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
154 
Following the publication of the 2021-2024 tariff methodology, the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors in its meeting of 26 August 2020 evaluated the tariff methodology’s impact on 
the Fluvius Economic Group’s financials. The Board concluded that the new tariff 
methodology will have a considerable impact on the DSOs’ allowed income, and thus on 
their revenues, cashflows and profit margins for both electricity and gas, due to, amongst 
other things, a reduction of the WACC to a level below market conditions, the phase-out 
of the remuneration on the RAB revaluation surplus values, the additional X’ cost savings 
target of EUR 150 million, the “frontier shift” measures in gas distribution and the 
uncertainty on the advance mechanism for 2022 and beyond to mitigate the effects of the 
accelerated roll-out programme for digital metering. 
The allowed income for each of the Guarantors for the year 2021, both for electricity and 
gas, was established by the VREG decisions dated 8 October 202074. 
4.1.5 
Other tariff-related topics – tariff structure 
(a) 
Capacity tariff 
In the run-up towards establishing the 2021-2024 tariff methodology for electricity, the 
VREG had already announced its intention to fundamentally change the tariff structure, 
i.e. the mechanism setting out how total costs are spread out over different categories of 
end users. As a result, it has been decided to introduce in the Flemish Region, as from 
1 January 2022, a grid fee based on capacity. The capacity-based elements will only 
impact that part of the aggregate grid tariff for residential and SME consumers, which is 
directly related to building, managing and maintaining the grid. Tariff components such 
as the cost for public service obligations, transmission of electricity and surcharges remain 
out of scope of the capacity tariff. These will still be calculated and allocated on the basis 
of consumed volumes (kWh). 
The current tarification mechanism for electricity distribution is entirely based on energy 
consumption volumes (i.e. euro/kWh-consumption/period). A capacity-based distribution 
grid fee is based on euro/kW/period.  
 
The general idea behind a capacity-driven grid fee is that such a tariff better reflects a 
DSO’s actual cost drivers, and that the capacity criterion is a better way to allocate the 
relevant costs to those grid users that have actually triggered the costs. Indeed, a DSO’s 
relevant operational costs are largely driven by the grid dimensioning (expressed as the 
expected peak capacity on the grid and the simultaneity of the peak capacity of the 
 
74 Fluvius Antwerpen: BESL-2020-58 for electricity and BESL-2020-68 for gas; Fluvius Limburg: BESL-2020-59 for electricity and BESL-
2020-69 for gas; Fluvius West: BESL-2020-60 for electricity and BESL-2020-70 for gas; Gaselwest: BESL-2020-61 for electricity and BESL-
2020-71 for gas; Imewo: BESL-2020-62 for electricity and BESL-2020-72 for gas; Intergem: BESL-2020-63 for electricity and BESL-2020-
73 for gas; Iveka: BESL-2020-64 for electricity and BESL-2020-74 for gas; Iverlek: BESL-2020-65 for electricity and BESL-2020-75 for 
gas; PBE: BESL-2020-66 for electricity; Sibelgas: BESL-2020-67 for electricity and BESL-2020-76 for gas.

--- Page 155 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
155 
aggregate users on the grid), as financially reflected in depreciations and the cost of 
capital, rather than by the energy volumes distributed at a specific connection over a period 
of time. Grid dimensioning is primarily determined taking into account the expected 
system peak. The energy transition which entails more electrification (electric mobility, 
electric heat pumps etc.) and a more decentralised and decarbonised energy system – will 
inevitably result in a higher system peak and substantially higher grid investments, if no 
further measures are taken. 
In the capacity tarification proposed by the VREG, a grid user “reserves” an expected peak 
capacity for the upcoming year, the so-called “access capacity”. The access capacity 
would be determined on the peak capacity of the past year. The capacity tariff would not 
be influenced by the moment at which the peak capacity will be reached.  
A capacity-driven distribution tariff structure is thought to incentivise a grid user to better 
align its connection capacity utilisation on the condition that the grid user gains a better 
insight into its use of the connection capacity. This insight into grid and connection 
utilisation is enabled by the introduction of digital metering linked to an in-house display. 
Grid users will be more aware of the costs caused by peak capacity and thus be pushed 
towards reducing those peaks.  
(b) 
Data management tarification 
Article 4.1.29 of the Energy Decree stipulates that the data management activities are 
subject to a system of regulated tarification. Such tarification covers the activities of 
metering, including the collection, validation and transmission of metering data according 
to article 4.1.8 of the Energy Decree.  
As from 2021, the data tariff will consist of a fixed annual amount for each access point 
and per level of metering detail (15 minutes, day, month, year). This global tariff is 
invoiced on the basis of offtake volumes. Apart from this, there is an additional tariff for 
generation within the framework of the certificate allowance. The data management tariffs 
will be significantly broader in scope than those applicable until year-end 2020, since they 
are to cover data management, which goes beyond the current ‘metering activity’. But for 
the end consumers, this specific price increase will be compensated by a similar decrease 
of the other elements in the grid fee. Potential volume-based balances arising out of a 
smaller number of customers with 15-min readings versus other customers can be 
recovered in subsequent tariff periods. 
As from 2022, a fixed tariff term for data management (EUR/year) will be introduced. It 
is a global tariff that the consumer is due for the entire data management for the relevant 
access point. It will consist of a fixed annual amount, determined by the meter type and 
the degree of reading detail (15 minutes, day, month, year). It will be invoiced on the basis 
of offtake volumes. It will also be applicable to production meters within the framework 
of the certificate allowance. 
For the sake of completeness: beside the data management, there is also a tariff for non-
periodic data services. The proceeds of the latter tariff are negligible compared to those 
from the data management tariffs. These data services aim at the development of new 
markets based on data that become available through the data management activities 
carried out by the Issuer/Guarantors, and they are bundled in a so-called “services 
catalogue”. This catalogue includes (i) making available 15-minute data collected from 
tele-read meters, (ii) making available through a web portal 15-min or daily data collected

--- Page 156 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
156 
from digital meters, (iii) making available through machine-to-machine exchanges (API) 
15-min or daily data collected from digital meters and (iv) consultancy and data 
consultancy services. 
(c) 
Prosumer tariff 
The so-called prosumer75 tariff was introduced into the Flemish energy market on 1 July 
2015. It applies to consumers with a decentral electricity production installation equal to 
or below 10 kW (most often solar panels) and a reversing electricity meter. It should be 
pointed out that the prosumer tariff is an element of distribution grid tarification, not a tax. 
The prosumer tariff allows for the distribution grid tariffs to better reflect the actual 
electricity volumes transiting over the DSOs’ distribution networks 76  as it should 
compensate for the non-measured part of the prosumer’s use of the distribution grid. 
The prosumer tariff is set for each DSO separately. It is calculated based on the maximum 
AC capacity of the inverter (measured in kVA), since the regulator considers this 
calculation method to be the best possible indicator for the maximum impact the 
prosumer’s installation has on the DSO’s grid. The actual prosumer tariff, valid during 
2020, is the result of the AC capacity multiplied by a set tariff which varies between 72.29 
EUR77 (Intergem) and 105.94 EUR (Gaselwest). 
The introduction of digital meters has changed the situation for prosumers who now have 
the choice to opt for either the digital meter to function as a “virtually” reversing meter in 
which case the prosumer tariff is due, or invoicing of the distribution grid fee calculated 
on the actual off-take volumes. The introduction of the digital meter does not impact the 
electricity commodity price as such, nor the surcharges to be paid by the prosumer. 
4.2 
Regulatory framework for the Flemish sewerage intermunicipalities 
For a description of the regulatory framework on sewerage in Flanders, please refer to section 3.4 
‘Organisation of the Flemish sewerage market’ in which the legislative basis at the European and Flemish 
level is set out, the role of both the Flemish Environment Agency (VMM) and Aquafin are explained 
and the subsidy mechanism for sewerage projects in the Flemish region is commented upon. 
4.3 
Regulatory and contractual framework for Flemish CATV intermunicipalities 
On 1 October 2008, Fluvius Limburg (former Interelectra and Inter-media), Fluvius West (former 
WVEM) and PBE entered into an agreement with Telenet NV (the “2008 Telenet Agreement”), whereby 
Telenet NV acquired the analogue and digital subscriber base of these companies. Furthermore, a long-
term lease of certain network assets was granted to Telenet NV at the occasion of this transaction. The 
Issuer and the relevant Guarantors now act as contractors for Telenet NV and they are responsible for 
the operation, maintenance, expansion and upgrading of the cable network.  
 
75  The term “prosumer” (a contraction of the words “producer” and “consumer”‘) refers to grid users that use the grid to take off electricity but 
also to inject electricity. The electricity they inject into the distribution grid is produced by their own small-scale decentralised generation 
installation (equal to or less than 10 kW such as solar panels and others).  
76  Prior to the introduction of the prosumer tariff, the DSOs’ distribution tariffs did not reflect the actual electricity volumes which were transiting 
over their grid (i.e., both off-take and injection), because prosumers only contributed to the network costs at the rate of the net balance measured 
on their reversing meter between the quantities consumed from and injected into the network. As a consequence, a prosumer injecting 3,000 
kWh and taking off 3,000 kWh in a given year, was only charged based on the net meter reading of a balance of zero off-take and zero 
injection. Hence, the DSOs were faced with a decrease of revenues and, therefore, afterwards in an upward pressure on the tariffs to be paid 
by non-prosumer grid users.  
77  21% of VAT included.

--- Page 157 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
157 
In the same agreement, it was agreed upon that the cable companies could use the cable network to offer 
services to provinces, cities, municipalities and related local governments and public entities located in 
the area of the aforementioned Guarantors. Following the 2008 Telenet Agreement, Telenet NV has all 
rights to use substantially all of the network under a long-term lease for an initial period of 38 years. 
Telenet is contractually obliged to pay recurring fees in addition to the fees paid in relation to the 
Interkabel Contribution Deed (which was entered into by Telenet Vlaanderen NV in 1996, and remains 
in full force and effect) under certain pre-existing agreements with the relevant Guarantors that remain 
the network’s legal owners. All capital expenditures associated with the network will be initiated by 
Telenet NV, but executed and prefinanced by the Guarantors through an increase of the lease payments 
due by Telenet NV to them, and will follow a 15-year reimbursement schedule. Telenet NV’s usage 
rights on the network take the form of long term lease agreements (“erfpacht”). Unless extended, the 
long-term leases will expire on 23 September 2046, and cannot be terminated earlier, except in the 
following cases:  
(a) 
non-payment of at least 25% by Telenet NV of its annual lease payments, which is not remedied 
within 100 business days; or  
(b) 
bankruptcy of Telenet NV.  
However, in each such case of early termination, the long-term lease will not be terminated if Telenet 
NV is replaced by a Replacing Entity (“Instappende Entiteit” as defined in the long-term leases) within 
a certain time period. A Replacing Entity is any interested party that meets certain strict solvency 
requirements. In the event that a long-term lease is transferred to a Replacing Entity for an event that 
does not also lead to the automatic termination of the usage rights under the Interkabel Contribution 
Deed (see below), Telenet Vlaanderen NV will have the right (but not the obligation) to transfer its usage 
rights on the network to such Replacing Entity, subject to certain conditions. Under the terms of the 
Interkabel Contribution Deed, Telenet’s usage rights to provide point-to-point services over the network 
will automatically terminate if, among other things, (i) there is a unanimous and definitive decision of 
the board of directors of Telenet NV to cease any direct or indirect development, installation or 
exploitation of its telecommunications network in Belgium, (ii) Telenet NV or Telenet Vlaanderen NV 
is declared bankrupt or placed into liquidation, (iii) certain provisions of the articles of association 
(“statuten”) of Telenet Vlaanderen NV are amended in any way that is detrimental to the rights of 
Interkabel without Interkabel’s written consent, (iv) the director of Telenet Vlaanderen NV nominated 
by Interkabel is dismissed for any reason without Interkabel’s written consent and such director is not 
replaced by another director nominated by Interkabel or (v) Telenet Vlaanderen NV ceases to be an 
affiliate of Telenet NV. However, in each such case of early termination, the usage rights will not be 
terminated if Telenet Vlaanderen NV is replaced by a Replacing Entity (as defined in the Interkabel 
Contribution Deed) within a certain time period. Telenet Vlaanderen NV has pre-emptive rights, with 
certain exceptions, with respect to any proposed transfer by Interkabel or any of Fluvius Antwerpen, 
Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West and PBE of its respective interests in the network, or transfers by the 
latter of shares in Interkabel, at the price offered by a third party. For as long as Telenet Vlaanderen NV 
has the usage rights on the network under the Interkabel Contribution Deed, Interkabel has pre-emptive 
rights, with certain exceptions for transfers to certain affiliates, with respect to any proposed transfer of 
Telenet Vlaanderen NV shares, at the price offered by a third party. Interkabel and the relevant 
Guarantors have agreed not to dissolve their co-ownership structure in respect of the network voluntarily 
without the consent of Telenet Vlaanderen NV. The Issuer made use of the possibility provided for in 
the 2008 Telenet Agreement to use the cable network to offer services to provinces, cities, municipalities 
and related local governments and public entities located in the area of the aforementioned Guarantors 
and started a number of CATV grid-related services (Infra-LAN-net, Infra-TEL-net and Infra-INTER-
net):

--- Page 158 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
158 
• 
Infra-LAN-net consists of a Local Area Network which links, through the cable network, all the 
buildings and services of the municipalities and allows for the exchange of information between 
these services.  
• 
Infra-TEL-net consists of a telephone service over the cable network between the different 
services of the municipalities.  
• 
Infra-INTER-net provides access to broadband internet to the municipality services and the 
schools.  
The main characteristic of these services is that they are only available in municipalities where a relevant 
Guarantor owns the cable network. It should be noted, however, that following a review of its corporate 
strategy, the Issuer has decided to divest the aforementioned CATV grid-related services to local 
authorities, on the express condition that the new operator takes over these activities at the same (or 
improved) financial conditions for the local authorities and at the same (or improved) service levels. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the divestment programme has not yet started and no specific target 
date has been put forward as this will largely depend on market circumstances and responses. 
The legal basis for the CATV activity is based, on the one hand, on the federal Law of 13 June 2005 
regarding electronic communication (published on 20 June 2005, which covers telecom and internet 
cables) and, on the other hand, on the Flemish Media Decree of 27 March 2009 (published on 27 March 
2009, which covers CATV cables).  
Fast data network 
On 26 June 202078, Fluvius formally announced the start of talks with Telenet about the realisation of a 
fast data network of the future for the Flemish Region. Fluvius has taken this step after having set up 
five fibre-to-the-home (FTTH) pilot projects covering in total 15,000 homes passed (in Antwerp, Genk, 
Ghent, Diksmuide and Poperinge) and in which Fluvius only provides the open fibre infrastructure 
without offering any services. 
It is Fluvius’s concern that in the long run a new digital divide may arise in Flanders with certain regions 
and customers gaining access to new, faster data connections, while others might completely lag behind. 
These talks with Telenet, which will probably last until early 2021, mark the starting point of a process 
to see whether both parties can come to an agreement to roll out FTTH technology. Fluvius’s main aims 
for the realisation of such a data network of the future are: 
• 
to create a data network that is available to all Flemish families and businesses, both in urban and 
rural areas; 
• 
to create an open network with an open structure and non-discriminatory conditions allowing full 
and free competition between service companies; 
• 
to create a new data network that will, in the long term, allow even higher data speeds than today; 
and 
• 
the roll-out to take place at the lowest possible social cost and in a sustainable way.  
At Fluvius, this activity will be carried out completely independently of its regulated energy distribution 
activities. 
 
78  For the entire text of the press release, see https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-06/fluvius-and-telenet-talk-about-data-netwerk-of-
the-future.pdf.

--- Page 159 ---
for 
(In thousands of EUR) 
Notes 
2019 
2018 
Operating revenue 
4 
1.659.700 
1.392.051 
Revenue from contracts with customers 
1.628.959 
1.369.772 
Other operating income 
30.741 
22.279 
Operating expenses 
-1.640.292 
-1.374.139 
Cost of trade goods 
-150.281 
-115.266 
Cost 
services and other co ns umables 
5 
-916.127 
-780.323 
Employee benefit expenses 
6 
-564.209 
-440.980 
Depreciation, amortization, impairments and changes in provisions 
7 
-8.629 
-35.053 
Other operational expenses 
-1.046 
-2517 
Result from operations 
19.408 
17.912 
Finance income 
8 
125.030 
116.165 
Finance costs 
8 
-135.690 
-123.883 
Profit before tax 
8.748 
10.194 
Income tax expenses 
9 
-8.748 
-10.194 
Profit for the period 
0 
(In thousands of RJR) 
Notes 
2019 
2018 
Profit for the period 
0 
0 
Other comprehensive income 
Items not to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods 
Actuarial gains (losses) on long-term employee benefits 
Actuarial gains losses) on rights to reimbursement on post-employment 
employee benefits 
22 
22 
-28.365 
28.365 
-65.385 
65.305 
Net other comprehensive income not being reclassified to profit or 
loss in subsequent periods 
0 
0 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
0 
0 
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
159 
5 
Selected Financial Information Concerning the Issuer and the Fluvius Economic Group  
5.1 
Selected historical financial information of the Issuer for the financial years ended on 
31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 
The following tables set out in summary form certain information from the statement of financial 
position, the income statement and the cash flow statement relating to the Issuer. The information has 
been extracted from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019.  
The audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 
December 2018 have been approved by the Issuer’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 23 May 
2019. The audited, consolidated financial annual statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 31 
December 2019 have been approved by the Issuer’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 27 May 
2020.  
These audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS. The Issuer’s auditor delivered an unqualified report on these audited consolidated annual 
financial statements both for the year ended 31 December 2018 and for the year ended 31 December 
2019.  
Consolidated statement of profit or loss as at 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 and for the 
years then ended 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income as at 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 and 
for the years then ended

--- Page 160 ---
(In thousands of EUR) 
Notes 
2019 
2018 
Non-current assets 
4.094.994 
4.228.706 
Intangible assets 
10 
2.150 
2.697 
Property, plant and equipment 
11 
5.451 
16.414 
Right-of-use assets 
12 
36.972 
0 
Investment in joint ventures and associates 
13 
16 
16 
Other investments 
14,25 
905 
845 
Rights to reimbursement on post-employment employee benefits 
15 
258.499 
256.730 
Long-term receivables, otter 
16 
3.791.001 
3.952.004 
Current assets 
1.104.429 
534.445 
Inventories 
17 
78.542 
68.038 
Short-term receivables, other 
16 
170.000 
0 
Trade and other receivables 
18. 25 
391.907 
327.328 
Receivables cash pool activities 
18.25 
435.758 
136.934 
Cash and cash equivalents 
19.24 
28.222 
2.095 
TOTAL ASSETS 
5.199.423 
4.763.151 
EQUITY 
20 
1.617 
10.500 
Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 
1.517 
10.407 
Share capital, reserves arid retained earnings 
1.517 
10.407 
Non-controlling interest 
100 
93 
LIABILITIES 
5.197.806 
4.752.651 
Noncurrent liabilities 
4.112.761 
4.260.875 
Interest bearing loans and borrowings 
21, 25 
3.821.108 
3.991.963 
Lease liabilities 
12 
26.937 
6.545 
Employee benefit liabilities 
22 
245.624 
224.587 
Derivative financial instruments 
23 
6.217 
5.637 
Provisions 
22 
12.875 
32.143 
Current liabilities 
1.085.045 
491.776 
Interest bearing loans and borrowings 
21, 25 
637.986 
28.456 
Lease liabilities 
12 
10.472 
1.787 
Trade payables and other current liabilities 
24, 25 
300.538 
271.482 
Liabilities cash pool activities 
24, 25 
133.069 
187.978 
Current tax liabiities 
24. 25 
2.980 
2.073 
TOTAL EQUITY AND L IAB I LITIIES 
5.199.423 
4.763.151 
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
160 
Consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018 and 2019 and for the years then 
ended

--- Page 161 ---
(In thousands of EUR) 
Notes 
2019 
2018 
Profit for the period 
0 
0 
Amortization of intangible assets 
7 
713 
-183 
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 
7 
13228 
0 
Change in provisions (Reversal -; Recognition.) 
22 
-19268 
32.143 
Impairment current assets (Reversal -; Recognition +) 
25 
13.956 
380 
Gains or losses on realization receivables 
465 
337 
Net finance costs 
6 
10.080 
7.912 
Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments 
23 
580 
-194 
Gains or losses on sale of property, plant and equipment 
-827 
1.088 
Income tax expense 
9 
8.748 
10.194 
Operating cash flow before change in working capital and provisions 
for employee benefits 
27.675 
54.390 
Change in inventories 
-10.454 
-376 
Change in trade and other receivables 
-88202 
38.507 
Change in trade payables and other current iabilities 
29.076 
-64.091 
Change in employee benefits 
22 
19268 
-32.143 
Net operating cash flow 
-50.312 
-58.103 
nterest paid 
131.457 
-136.635 
Interest received 
124.547 
122.775 
Financial cis count on debts 
408 
420 
Income tax paid (received) 
9 
-7.842 
-21.453 
Net cash flow from operating activities 
-36.981 
-38.606 
Proceeds from sale of property. plant and equipment 
2.500 
-453 
Purchase of intangible assets 
-65 
0 
Purchase of property, plant and equipment 
-926 
-2.450 
Acquisition of business combinations 
0 
18.205 
Proceeds from sale of companies and other investments 
222 
0 
Net investments in long-term receivables 
0 
28 
Net cash flow used in investing activities 
1.731 
15.330 
Repayment of share capital 
20 
-8_891 
0 
Change in non-controlling interest 
20 
7 
0 
Repayment of borrowings 
21 
3.500 
-1.750 
Payment 
12.050 
of finance lease liabilities 
-862 
Change in current financial liabilities 
21 
439.544 
24.956 
Change in cash pool 
353.733 
-28.363 
Net cash flow from/used in financing activities 
61.377 
-6.019 
Net increase/decrease in cash 
26.127 
-29.295 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period 
18 
2.095 
31.390 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period 
18 
28.222 
2.095 
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
161 
Consolidated cash-flow statement as at 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 and for the years 
then ended 
 
5.2 
Historical financial information of the Issuer as at 30 June 2020 and for the six-month period then 
ended 
The following tables set out in summary form certain information from the statement of financial 
position and the statement of profit or loss relating to the Issuer. The information has been extracted 
from the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the half year ended 
30 June 2020, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, with limited review conclusion of 
the statutory auditor.

--- Page 162 ---
Condensed consolidated statement of financial position 
(In thousands of EUR) 
Notes 
30 June 
2020 
31 December 
2019 
Non-current assets 
4.120.333 
4.094.994 
Intangible assets 
9 
1.818 
2.150 
Property, plant and equipment 
10 
4.383 
5.451 
Right-of-use assets 
11 
34.129 
36.972 
Investment in joint ventures and associates 
12 
17 
16 
Other investments 
13,23 
915 
905 
Rights to reimbursement on post-employment employee benefits 
14 
282.261 
258.499 
Long-term receivables, other 
15 
3.796.810 
3.791.001 
Current assets 
1308.032 
1.104.429 
Inventories 
89.564 
78.542 
Short-term receivables, otter 
15 
170.000 
3.820.576 
170.000 
Trade and other receivables 
16, 23 
515.479 
391.907 
Receivables cash pool activities 
17, 23 
509.367 
435.758 
Cash and cash equivalents 
18, 23 
19.146 
28.222 
TOTAL A SSETS 
6.428.366 
6.199.423 
EQUITY 
19 
1.617 
1.617 
Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 
1.517 
1.517 
Contribution excluding capital / Share capital, reserves and retained 
earnings (') 
1.517 
1.517 
Non-controlling interest 
100 
100 
LIABILITIES 
5.426.748 
5.197.806 
Non-current liabilities 
4.133126 
4.112.761 
Interest bearing loan, and borrowing, 
20, 23 
3.821.108 
Lease liabilities 
11, 23 
24.448 
26.937 
Employee benefit liabilities 
21 
282.261 
245.624 
Derivative financial instruments 
20, 23 
6.541 
6.217 
Provisions 
21 
0 
12.875 
Current liabilities 
1.292.922 
1.085.045 
Interest bearing loans and borrowings 
20, 23 
741.463 
637.986 
Lease liabilities 
11, 23 
10.247 
10.472 
Trade payables and other current liabilities 
22, 23 
418.910 
300.538 
Liabilities cash pool activities 
17, 23 
118.399 
133.069 
Current tax liabilities 
23 
3.903 
2.980 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
5.428.365 
5.199.423 
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
162 
Unaudited condensed consolidated statement of financial position with limited review conclusion of the 
statutory auditor as at 30 June 2020 and for the six-month period then ended

--- Page 163 ---
Condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss 
(In thousands of EUR) 
Notes 
30 June 
2020 
30 June 
2019 
Operating revenue 
819.527 
816.670 
Revenue from contracts with customers 
3 
784 147 
505.026 
Other operating income 
35.380 
11 642 
Operating expenses 
-810.034 
-806.517 
Cost of trade goods 
-67.622 
-72.065 
Cost for services and other consumables 
4 
-453.221 
-440.944 
Employee benefit expenses 
5 
-297.021 
-284.237 
Depreciation, amortization, impairments and changes in provisions 
6 
10.579 
-8261 
Other operational expenses 
-2.749 
-1.010 
Result from operations 
9.493 
10.163 
Finance income 
7 
60 516 
61.784 
Finance costs 
7 
-65 803 
-67.520 
Profit before tax 
4.206 
4.417 
Income tax expenses 
8 
-4 206 
-4.417 
Profit for the period 
0 
0 
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
163 
Unaudited condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss with limited review conclusion of the 
statutory auditor as at 30 June 2020 and for the six-month period then ended 
 
5.3 
Selected consolidated historical financial information of Fluvius Economic Group for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 and for the years then ended 
The following tables set out in summary form certain information from the statement of financial 
position, the statement of profit or loss, the statement of comprehensive income and the cash flow 
statement relating to the Fluvius Economic Group. The information has been extracted from the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group for the years ended 
31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019. These consolidated statements of the Fluvius Economic 
Group have been prepared in accordance with IFRS.  
The statutory auditor of the Fluvius Economic Group has issued an unqualified opinion on both of these 
audited consolidated annual financial statements. These however contain an emphasis of matter 
paragraph which describes the specificities of the regulatory framework and tariffs and the related 
accounting treatment, as well as the uncertainties related to the balances resulting from the tariff 
settlement mechanism.

--- Page 164 ---
On thousands of EUR) 
Notes 
2019 
2018 
Operating revenue 
6 
3.472.010 
3.498.860 
Revenue from contracts vrith customers 
2.991.498 
2.943.748 
Other operating income 
84.456 
248.556 
Oven construction, capitatzed 
396.056 
306.556 
Operating expenses 
-2.954.901 
-3.102.333 
Cost of trade goods 
7 
-1.414.554 
-1.250.241 
Cost for services and other consumables 
8 
-463.369 
-409.430 
Employee be nefrt expenses 
9 
-589.852 
-441.689 
Depreciation, amortization, impairments and changes in provisions 
10 
-449.171 
-406.581 
Other operational expenses 
11 
-63.044 
-52.017 
Regulated transfers 
12 
25.089 
-542.375 
Result from operations 
517.109 
396.527 
Finance income 
13 
107.040 
88.238 
Finance costs 
13 
-208.309 
-189.565 
Profit before tax 
415.840 
295.180 
Income tax expenses 
14 
-84.925 
-104.275 
Profit for the period 
330.915 
190.905 
(n thousands of EUR) 
Notes 
2019 
2018 
Profit for the period 
330.915 
190.905 
Other comprehensive income 
Iterns not to be reclassified to profit or loss in subseq vent periods 
Actuarial gains (losses) on long-term employee benefits 
Actuarial gains (losses) on rights to reimbursement on post-employment 
employee benefits 
Fair value other investments 
Deferred tax gains (losses) 
26 
26 
19 
14 
-201.023 
144.014 
326.974 
25.609 
-58.563 
-4.421 
107.194 
30.865 
Net other comprehensive income not being reclass died to profit or 
loss in subsequent periods 
295.574 
75.075 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
626.489 
265.980 
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
164 
Fluvius Economic Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss as at 31 December 2018 and 
31 December 2019 and for the years then ended 
 
Fluvius Economic Group’s consolidated statement of comprehensive income as at 31 December 2018 
and 31 December 2019 and for the years then ended

--- Page 165 ---
(11n thousands of EUR) 
Notes 
2019 
2018 
Non-current assets 
14.190.941 
13.373.430 
Intangible assets 
15. 
95.850 
72.343 
Property, plant and equipment 
16 
11.407.129 
11.182.304 
Right-of-use assets 
17 
45.959 
0 
Investment in joint ventures and associates 
18 
2016 
2.016 
Other investments 
19 
1.709.053 
1.372.860 
Rights to reimbursement on post-employment employee benefits 
26 
353.605 
255.491 
Long teen receivables, other 
18 
577.320 
448.416 
Current assets 
964.552 
971.213 
Inventories 
21 
78.542 
68.088 
Trade and other receivables 
22.32 
502.413 
800.684 
Current tax assets 
31 
19.009 
65.758 
Other investments 
0 
14.989 
Cash and cash equivalents 
23, 32 
64.585 
21.694 
TOTAL ASSETS 
15.155.493 
14.34.4.643 
EQUITY 
24 
6.407.595 
5.918.671 
Total equity attrbutable to owners of the parent 
6.407.495 
5.910.823 
Capital 
2.678.818 
2.545.877 
Issue premiums 
126.884 
126.884 
Reserves 
1.737.309 
1.687.856 
Other comprehensive income 
792.661 
497.047 
Retained earn rigs 
1.071.823 
1.053.159 
Non-controlling interest 
100 
7.848 
LIABILITIES 
8.747.898 
8.425.972 
Non-current liabilities 
6.948.800 
7.190.368 
Interest bearing loans and borrowings 
25, 32 
5.413.841 
5.817.461 
Lease liabitties 
17 
35.563 
10.619 
Employee benefrt liabilities 
26 
773.954 
566.234 
Derivative financial instruments 
27 
74.726 
80.538 
Provisions 
28 
22.110 
41.496 
Deferred tax liabitly 
14 
358.929 
434.455 
Goverrrnent grails 
29 
269.677 
239.565 
Current liabilities 
1.799.098 
1.235.604 
Interest bearing loans and borrowings 
25, 32 
574.951 
292.730 
Lease liabitties 
17 
12.435 
2.826 
Trade payables and other current liabilities 
30, 32 
594.020 
918.988 
Current lax Sabi hies 
31 
17.692 
21.060 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
15.155.493 
14.344.643 
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
165 
Fluvius Economic Group’s consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2018 and 
31 December 2019 and for the years then ended

--- Page 166 ---
On thousands of EUR) 
Notes 
2019 
2018 
Profit for the period 
330.915 
190.905 
Amortization of intangible assets 
10 
27337 
26.867 
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment and right-of-me assets 
10 
418.499 
345.669 
Change in provisions (Reversal -; Recogrition -u-) 
10 
-19459 
30.357 
Impairment current assets (Reversal -; Recognition -1-) 
22.794 
3.688 
Gains or losses on realization receivables 
11.874 
6.723 
Net finance oosts 
111.888 
125.457 
Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments 
13 
-5681 
-21.645 
Gains or losses on sale of property, plant and equipment 
41.920 
39.033 
Movement in government grants 
29 
-4.938 
-2.465 
Income tax expense 
14 
84.925 
104.276 
Operating cash flow before change in working capital and provisions 
for employee benefits 
t020.074 
848.865 
Change in inventories 
-8.083 
-376 
Change in trade and other receivables 
-44575 
552.731 
Change in trade payables and other current liabilities 
-31.573 
-13.705 
Change in employee benefits 
50223 
-90.856 
Net operating cash flow 
-34.008 
447.794 
Interest paid 
-205.382 
-209.162 
Interest received 
81.132 
60.229 
Financial discount on debts 
413 
455 
Income tax paid (received) 
-94442 
-127.913 
Net cash flow from operating activities 
767.787 
1.020.268 
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 
74.001 
4.917 
Purchase of intangible assets 
15 
-50.743 
-28.673 
Purchase of property, plant and equipment 
16 
-649.928 
-530.049 
Acquisition of business combinations 
3 
17.002 
5.279 
Proceeds from sale of companies and other investments 
222 
-28 
Net investments in long-term receivables 
0 
27 
Receipt of a government grant 
37.284 
19.655 
Net cash flow used in investing activities 
-57t862 
-528.872 
Proceeds from issue of shares 
24 
326 
9.536 
Repayment of share capital 
4, 24 
-60340 
-15.070 
Change in non-controlling interest 
24 
7 
0 
Repayment of borrowings 
25 
-259.827 
-242.029 
Proceeds from borrowings 
25 
2.343 
0 
Payment of finance lease tatiities 
-12.755 
-2.058 
Change in current financial liabilities 
25 
439.544 
24.956 
Change in short-term investments 
14.989 
-14.986 
Repayment king-term loans 
11.921 
5.110 
Dividends paid 
24 
-289.239 
-266.566 
Net cash flow frorn/used in financing activities 
-153.031 
-501.107 
Net increase/decrease in cash 
23 
42.894 
-9.711 
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginnkig of period 
23 
2t694 
31.405 
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period 
23 
64.588 
21.694 
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
166 
Fluvius Economic Group’s consolidated cash-flow statement as at 31 December 2018 and 
31 December 2019 and for the years then ended 
 
5.4 
Historical financial information of the Fluvius Economic Group for the half year ended 
30 June 2020 
The following tables set out in summary form certain information from the statement of financial 
position and the statement of profit or loss relating to the Fluvius Economic Group. The information has 
been extracted from the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Fluvius Economic 
Group for the half year ended 30 June 2020, which have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, with 
limited review conclusion of the statutory auditor.

--- Page 167 ---
01 thousands of ELM 
Notes 
30 Jun. 
2020 
31 December 
2019 
Non-current assets 
14.659.662 
14.190.941 
Intangible assets 
14 
107.553 
95.850 
Property, plant and equipment 
15 
11629.921 
11407.129 
Right-of-use assets 
16 
42,188 
45.959 
Investment in Joint ventures and associates 
17 
2.017 
2.018 
Other Investments 
18 
2.063.736 
1.709.053 
Rights to reimbursement on post-employment employee benefits 
24 
363.921 
353.605 
Long-term receivables, other 
19 
550.326 
577.329 
Current assets 
1.068.951 
964.552 
lnventones 
89.564 
78.542 
Trade and other receivables 
20.30 
923.903 
802.413 
Current tax assets 
29 
5.878 
19.009 
Cash and cash equivalents 
21, 30 
49.606 
64.588 
TOTAL ASSETS 
15.728.613 
15.155.493 
EQUITY 
22 
6.797.867 
6.407.595 
Total equity attributable to owners of the parent 
6.797.767 
6.407.495 
Contribution excluding capital, other I Share capital 
2.689.300 
2.678.818 
Contribution excluding capital, share premium !Issue premiums 
126.933 
126.884 
Reserves 
1.748.553 
1.737.309 
Other comprehensive income 
1.059.160 
792.661 
Retained earnings 
1.173.821 
1.071.823 
Non-controlling Interest 
100 
100 
LIABILITIES 
8.930.746 
8.747.898 
Noncurrent liabilities 
6.920.429 
6.948.800 
Interest bearing loans and borrowings 
23, 30 
5.371.971 
5.413.841 
Lease liabilities 
16 
33.002 
35.563 
Employee benefit liabilities 
24 
809.390 
773.954 
Derivative financial instruments 
25 
76.458 
74.726 
Provisions 
26 
9.054 
22.110 
Deferred tax liability 
13 
344.989 
358.929 
Government grants 
27 
275.565 
269.677 
Current liabilities 
2.010.317 
1.799.098 
Interest bearing loans end borrowings 
23, 30 
972.485 
874.951 
Lease liabilities 
16 
10.683 
12.435 
Trade payables and other current liabilities 
28, 30 
984.538 
894.020 
Current tax liabilities 
29 
42.611 
17.692 
TOTAL EQUfTY AND UABIUTIES 
15.728.613 
15.155.493 
(In thousands of EUR) 
Wass 
30 June 
2020 
30 J ursi 
2019 
Operating revenue 
5 
1.733.784 
1.774.209 
Revenue from contracts with customers 
1,443,273 
1,540,382 
Other operating income 
68.481 
45.833 
Own construction. capitalized 
222.030 
188.194 
Operating expenses 
-1.436.637 
-1.541.565 
Cost ot trade goods 
6 
-686.738 
-664.376 
Cost for services and other consumables 
7 
-214.804 
-223.873 
Employee benefit expenses 
6 
-311.544 
-330.326 
Depreciation. amortization, impairments and changes in provisions 
9 
-227,356 
-225,666 
Other operational expenses 
-31.079 
-24.876 
Regulated transfers 
10 
35.394 
-72.448 
Result from operations 
297.147 
232.644 
Finance income 
11 
31.550 
25.019 
Finance costs 
12 
-89.479 
-101.578 
Profit before tax 
239.218 
158.085 
Income tax expanses 
13 
-57.787 
-15.314 
Profit for the period 
181.431 
140.771 
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
167 
Unaudited condensed consolidated statement of financial position with limited review conclusion of the 
statutory auditor as at 30 June 2020 and for the six-month period then ended 
 
Unaudited condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss with limited review conclusion of the 
statutory auditor as at 30 June 2020 and for the six-month period than ended

--- Page 168 ---
Maturity profile total outstanding LT financial debt 
1,200 
1 1,000 
800 
600  
400 
■ 
200 
•
 
I
 
MI
. 
 
o 
I1 Li 
I 
I 
. 
- 
I 
1 
I 
- 
- 
9. 
II.N. 
40. IC, 
%IX 
01, 
%kr 
41
10 
.15 
0 
1 
'V 
45 4. 4, 45 6‘ 
1.
0
5 4:0 4:1. 43. 41,) ,p. 
,t.
0  
19' 19' 1° i° 19 19' I° 
15' 
-1.°  19 19 .1.° 
1.
 1. 1. 1. 
i. 
1
I. 
1. 
-t• 
-I. v 
tt.'y 
'Lc 
• Principal • Interest 
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
168 
5.5 
Financing policy of the Fluvius Economic Group  
General 
For its activities, the Fluvius Economic Group attracts financing from various sources. The Fluvius 
Economic Group primarily addresses short-term funding needs through its commercial paper 
programme as well as through various short-term revolving credit facilities. All bond and note financing 
of the Fluvius Economic Group is entered into by Fluvius System Operator and guaranteed by the 
Guarantors. No third parties have granted guarantees in respect of the indebtedness of the Fluvius 
Economic Group. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not subject to any financial 
covenant, nor has it granted any security, under its financing arrangements. 
It is the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ intention to move in the long term towards a balance sheet structure 
for each individual Guarantor in which a maximum of up to 60 per cent. of their assets is financed 
through debt (for regulatory purposes calculated according to Belgian GAAP). This proportion was 
established by the VREG in its tariff methodology for the determination of the Guarantors’ distribution 
tariffs for both electricity and gas. However, for rating purposes and, more specifically, in order to 
maintain a favourable rating with the rating agencies Moody’s Investor Services Ltd. and Creditreform 
Rating AG, the Fluvius Economic Group aims to retain a sufficient level of equity on its balance sheet. 
As at 30 June 2020, 31.7% of the total indebtedness of the Fluvius Economic Group was directly entered 
into by the Guarantors (compared to 31.2% as at 31 December 2019). 
Long-term financing79 
The total amount of long-term financial debt of the Fluvius Economic Group that is currently outstanding 
amounts to EUR 5,776.5 million as of 30 June 2020 (compared to EUR 5,824.3 million as at 
31 December 2019). 
The Fluvius Economic Group strives to optimise the maturity profile of its debt. The principal amounts 
and interests to be paid by the Fluvius Economic Group on its long-term financing are set out in the 
maturity profile below (situation as at 30 June 2020, taking into account the current position of long-
term financing): 
 
Long-term financing is obtained through a broad range of financial instruments: bank loans, 
(sub)benchmark bonds, retail bonds and private placement debt instruments. Such financing enables the 
 
79 This includes the current portion of the long-term financing.

--- Page 169 ---
LT Debt profile DSO's by Instrument in MC - IFRS 
(6.085,3 m€ outstanding as per 31st of December 2018) 
552.4 
233 370.0 
retail bonds (fixed rate) 
■ EMTN bonds; benchmarks& private placements 
(fixed rate) 
1,528.3 
3,160.5 
450.0 
■ Standalone bonds; private placements incl. 
Schuldschein & Namensschuldverschreibung 
(fixed rate) 
■ bank loans (fixed rate) 
■ bank loans (variable, swapped to fixed) 
LT Debt profile DSO's by Instrument in MC - IFRS 
(5.824,3 m€ outstanding as per 31st of December 2019) 
481.0 
21.1 370.0 
1,358.6 
450.0 
3,143.5 
retail bonds (fixed rate) 
■ EMTN bonds; benchmarks& private placements 
(fixed rate) 
■ Standalone bonds; private placements incl. 
Schuldschein & Namensschuldverschreibung 
(fixed rate) 
■ bank loans (fixed rate) 
■ bank loans (variable, swapped to fixed) 
■ bank loans (variable rate) 
LT Debt profile DSO's by Instrument in MC - IFRS 
(5.776,5 m€ outstanding as per 30th of June 2020) 
473.7 
21.0 370.0 
1,316.8 
450.0 
3,144.8 
retail bonds (fixed rate) 
■ EMTN bonds; benchmarks & private placements 
(fixed rate) 
■ Standalone bonds; private placements incl. 
Schuldschein & Namensschuldverschreibung 
(fixed rate) 
■ bank loans (fixed rate) 
■ bank loans (variable, swapped to fixed) 
■ bank loans (variable rate) 
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
169 
Guarantors to finance their investment and operational activities. All funds raised by the Issuer are 
entirely passed through to the Guarantors at the same conditions of maturity and interest rates.  
All bank loans are directly entered into by the DSOs themselves, after a tendering procedure carried out 
by the Issuer on their behalf. So, the amounts raised through bank loans do not figure on the Issuer’s 
statements of financial position. On the other hand, bonds and private placement debt instruments are 
issued by Fluvius System Operator and guaranteed by the Guarantors. The amounts thus raised are 
immediately passed through to the Guarantors. As a consequence, the amounts raised in bonds and 
private placement debt instruments are figuring both as a liability to bondholders and as an asset (a 
receivable, payable by the Guarantors to the Issuer) on the Issuer’s statement of financial position in the 
annual financial statements.

--- Page 170 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
170 
A complete overview of the outstanding bonds and private placement debt instruments as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus is presented in the following table (in order of maturity). These bonds and private 
placement instruments all have a fixed interest rate. 
 
The Schuldschein and Namensschuldverschreibung debt instruments mentioned in the table above are 
long-term debt instruments under German law. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Fluvius Economic Group is not in default under any covenants 
set out in long-term financing agreements.  
Short-term financing  
The Fluvius Economic Group has the benefit of various financing arrangements for a total amount of 
EUR 925 million to cater for its short-term financing needs. See the following table for more details 
(situation as at 30 June 2020):  
Facility 
Amount 
Counterparties 
Committed? 
Cash facility / 
straight loan 
EUR 225 million  
2 banks 
yes 
Revolving credit 
EUR 200 million  
1 bank 
yes 
Commercial 
Paper programme 
EUR 500 million  
4 banks 
no 
As at 30 June 2020, EUR 568 million short-term financing was outstanding (compared to EUR 464.5 
million as at 31 December 2019). 
The Information Memorandum on the Issuer’s Commercial Paper (CP) programme dated February 2019 
is available on the Issuer’s website: https://www.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2019-11/cp-fluvius-info-
memo-2019.pdf. 
Type 
E = Eandis
I = Infrax
IG = Intergem
Amount  
(m€)
Issue Date 
Maturity  Date
Maturity
Fixed 
Coupon 
Retail
E
170 m€
30/12/2010
30/12/2020
10
4.250%
EMTN benchmark
E
500 m€
08/11/2011
08/11/2021
10
4.500%
EMTN benchmark
E
500 m€
30/11/2012
30/11/2022
10
2.750%
MTN
IG
10 m€
27/03/2015
27/03/2023
8
1.050%
EMTN benchmark
E
500 m€
09/10/2013
09/10/2023
10
2.875%
EMTN sub-benchmark
I
250 m€
30/10/2013
30/10/2023
10
3.750%
Retail
E
200 m€
23/06/2017
23/06/2025
8
2.000%
EMTN sub-benchmark
E
400 m€
04/12/2014
04/12/2026
12
1.750%
Schuldschein 
E
50 m€ 
21/09/2012
21/09/2027
15
3.500%
EMTN Private Placement
E
54,5 m€
28/03/2013
28/03/2028
15
3.500%
EMTN benchmark
E
550 m€
07/05/2014
07/05/2029
15
2.875%
EMTN sub-benchmark
I
250 m€
29/10/2014
29/10/2029
15
2.625%
EMTN Private Placement
E
135,5 m€ 
10/07/2012
10/07/2032
20
3.950%
EMTN Private Placement
E
20,5 m€
28/03/2013
28/03/2033
20
3.750%
Private Placement
E
95 m€
27/10/2014
27/10/2034
20
2.600%
Private Placement
E
23 m€
05/03/2014
05/03/2036
22
3.550%
Namensschuldverschreibung
E
50 m€
24/06/2013
24/06/2043
30
3.500%
Private Placement
E
52 m€
05/03/2014
05/03/2044
30
3.550%
Private Placement
E
170 m€
27/10/2014
27/10/2044
30
3.000%

--- Page 171 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
171 
6 
Legal and arbitration procedures  
6.1 
Legal and arbitration proceedings of the Issuer  
Legal Proceedings  
With the exception of the proceedings about the gas explosion in Wilrijk (see below), the Issuer is 
currently not involved in any other governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or have had 
in the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer. 
• 
Gas explosion in Wilrijk (Antwerp): At the request of the public prosecutor’s office in Antwerp, 
the free-trial court (raadkamer) referred, on 30 September 2020, the Issuer, its CEO and its 
Director Grid Operations to the First Instance Criminal Court (correctionele rechtbank) for their 
possible involvement in the gas explosion in Wilrijk (Antwerp) on 3 September 2019. One person 
died and three people were severely injured by this explosion, and it caused considerable material 
damage. Fluvius is fully cooperating with the investigation and it will bring its defence at the 
appropriate moment. Fluvius deems to have sufficient and solid arguments to refute the 
accusations brought forward by the public prosecutor as well as the expert’s conclusions. 
Insurance Proceedings  
Fluvius System Operator is currently not involved in any insurance proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or have had 
in the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer.  
6.2 
Legal and arbitration proceedings of the Guarantors  
Legal Proceedings  
The summary below gives an overview of the proceedings that may have a material impact on one or 
more of the Guarantors as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
• 
DSOs – distribution tariffs: Zonstraal VZW is disputing the prosumer’s tariff (VREG tariff 
methodology 2015-2016). Claimant brought the case before both the Brussels’ Court of Appeal 
and the Council of State (Raad van State). The latter has declared itself competent (8 June 2017). 
In a second proceeding on the same matter (but relating to the tariff methodology 2017-2020 
established by the Flemish energy regulator VREG), this time before the Markets Court 
(Marktenhof), the Markets Court ruled on 22 November 2017 in favour of VREG. Since this 
ruling, no new elements or evolutions have appeared. Regardless of the outcome of the 
proceedings, the DSOs will not be subject to any material adverse financial impact, since they 
are able to pass through any potential costs in the distribution grid tariffs.  
• 
Guarantor Iverlek & Electrabel Customer Solutions: Claimant DNG disputes the prosumer tariff 
and has brought both the DSO Iverlek and energy supplier Electrabel Customer Solutions (ECS) 
before the Company Court (Ondernemingsrechtbank). On 14 March 2017, the Company Court 
in Brussels decided in favour of Iverlek/ECS. As a next step, the claimant has lodged an appeal 
procedure (Court of Appeal of Brussels). It is expected that the case can be heard before the Court 
of Appeal by June 2023. 
• 
DSOs – case brought by Essent Belgium NV: The Guarantors are involved in proceedings before 
the Court of First Instance of Brussels regarding former Flemish Region legislation that organised

--- Page 172 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
172 
the free distribution of green energy and which was abolished in 2005. The proceedings were 
initiated in March 2004 by supplier Essent Belgium NV against the Flemish Region. The 
Guarantors as well as the Flemish energy regulator VREG were forced to intervene in these 
proceedings. In summary, Essent claims that the legal framework that organised the free 
distribution of green energy breached principles of EU and Belgian constitutional law since only 
green energy that was produced in Belgium or in the Flemish Region was illegible for free 
distribution, whereas Essent imported green energy that was produced abroad. The Guarantors 
billed Essent distribution costs for an amount of approximately EUR 4,7 million. Essent Belgium 
contests that these amounts are due and claims the reimbursement of the costs that it paid already 
(approximately EUR 1,045,000). In addition, Essent Belgium claims compensation from the 
Flemish Region. In an intermediary ruling dated 2 September 2014, the Court of First Instance 
of Brussels submitted a prejudicial question to the European Court of Justice regarding the 
compatibility of the Flemish legal framework on the free distribution of green energy with EU 
law. In October 2014, certain of the Guarantors summoned Essent Belgium before the Antwerp 
Court of First Instance for the payment of their distribution costs to avoid prescription of the 
underlying invoices; these proceedings have not yet been activated. Inter Energa had already 
summoned Essent in December 2008 before the Hasselt Court to obtain payment of its invoices; 
the Court accepted this claim and Essent appealed the Hasselt Court's ruling. In a ruling dated 
29 September 2016, the European Court of Justice considered that the relevant legal framework 
on the free distribution of green energy was indeed not in line with EU law. The proceedings are 
still pending; a hearing in the proceeding before the Brussels Court is scheduled on 
26 February 2021. 
• 
Proximus litigation: The Antwerp Court of Appeal ruled on 18 December 2017 on the claim for 
damages brought by the telecom operator Proximus against Interkabel and the Guarantors with 
CATV activities. Proximus’s claim was rejected by the Court of Appeal. At the end of June 2019, 
Proximus decided to file an appeal with the Supreme Court of Cassation against this judgment of 
the Antwerp Court of Appeal. Interkabel and the Guarantors involved in this case filed their 
conclusions to the Supreme Court of Cassation on 27 September 2019. Telenet also filed their 
conclusions. The case will be heard before the Supreme Court of Cassation on 
27 November 2020. A final ruling is not expected before the end of 2020 or early 2021. It should 
be noted that the Supreme Court of Cassation cannot rule on the content of the case but will only 
rule on procedural matters. If the Supreme Court of Cassation decides to overrule the judgement 
of the Antwerp Court of Appeal, the case will be referred to another Court of Appeal for a retrial. 
The contracts between Telenet and the DSOs contain an indemnity clause in favour of the relevant 
DSOs which limits the DSOs’ liability to a maximum amount of EUR 20 million in case of a 
negative outcome of the judicial proceedings. Any amounts exceeding EUR 20 million will have 
to be borne by Telenet. An amount of EUR 20 million has been recognised in the DSO accounts 
as a provision80. 
Insurance Proceedings  
In the course of their normal activities, the Guarantors are confronted with a large number of insurance 
proceedings that are separately not material but taken all together could have a material impact on the 
financial position or profitability of one or more Guarantors. In the following paragraph an aggregated 
overview of the insurance proceedings in which at least one of the Guarantors is involved is presented. 
Note that not all of the disputes listed below have led or will lead to a legal proceeding, taking into 
 
80 This provision is only recognised in the Belgian GAAP accounts, not in the accounts according to IFRS.

--- Page 173 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
173 
account that many of them are expected to be settled amicably by agreement between the DSO and the 
end user. 
As for the period from 1 July 2019 until 30 June 2020: 
• 
the Guarantors were involved in 6,468 claims of third parties, of which 540 were under 
consideration of their insurer. Claims were paid out to third parties for a total amount of 
EUR 1,194,104.95; 
• 
twelve cases were pending in legal proceedings for a total amount of EUR 1,088,533.61, of which 
EUR 956,447.31 related to the abovementioned gas explosion in Wilrijk; 
• 
debit notes were outstanding for a total amount of EUR 10,012,114 and EUR 8,609,279 was 
collected by third parties relating to property damages. 
7 
Significant changes in the financial position of the Issuer and the Guarantors  
7.1 
Significant changes in the financial position of the Issuer  
Trend information 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer since 30 June 2020 and no 
material adverse change in the Issuer’s prospects since that same date.  
Investments 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the annual investment budgets for the period 2021-2024 are as 
follows (all figures in the table below are expressed in EUR million and represent net investments, i.e., 
the investments after deduction of the financial contribution by the end users):  
Activity 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
Electricity 
distribution 
603 
644 
654 
646 
Gas distribution 
251 
245 
215 
271 
Public lighting 
53 
52 
49 
49 
Sewerage 
71 
74 
78 
81 
CATV / FTTH  
37 
33 
31 
31 
Others81 
26 
30 
25 
19 
TOTAL 
1040 
1079 
1052 
1097 
 
7.2 
Significant changes in the financial position of the Guarantors  
Trend information 
The financial position of the Guarantors since 30 June 2020 has been negatively impacted by the tariff 
methodology for distribution of gas and electricity, established by the regulator VREG for the period 
2021-2024. The parameters for setting the allowed incomes during the tariff period 2021-2024 have been 
revised downwards by VREG, which will result in a downward trend for the revenues and cash flows 
 
81  The other investments include investments in buildings, vehicles, etc.

--- Page 174 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
174 
that can be generated by the DSOs in their regulated businesses of electricity and gas distribution. The 
exact impact can, however, only be estimated reliably once the allowed income for each of those four 
years has been formally set by VREG. The 2021-2024 tariff methodology also inspired Moody’s and 
Creditreform’s decisions to lower the Issuer’s rating outlook from ‘stable’ to ‘negative’ (decisions of 
10 September 2020 and 30 October 2020, respectively – see section 1.4 – ‘The Issuer’s corporate 
ratings’). Nevertheless, the Issuer and the Guarantors themselves will make all possible efforts to 
mitigate the impact of the tariff methodology on the Guarantors’ financial position. 
Investments 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantors have not made any firm commitments on other 
future investments in electricity and gas in addition to those in their short- and long-term investment 
plans to be approved by the VREG.  
8 
Statutory Auditors charged with the statutory audit 
The Issuer’s statutory auditor is EY (EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV), represented by Mr Marnix Van Dooren, Pauline 
Van Pottelsberghelaan 12, 9051 Ghent (Belgium). 
The statutory auditors of the Guarantors are also EY (EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV), represented by Mr Marnix Van 
Dooren, Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12, 9051 Ghent (Belgium). For Sibelgas, EY is the auditor since 
1 January 2020. Before that date, Sibelgas’s auditor was KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by 
Mr Frederic Poesen, Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1/K, 1930 Zaventem (Belgium). 
EY (EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV), represented by Mr Marnix Van Dooren, Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12, 9051 
Ghent (Belgium), furthermore performs the audit procedures on the financial statements of the Fluvius 
Economic Group. 
The statutory auditor for Fluvius OV is: 
EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by Mr Marnix Van Dooren 
Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12, 9051 Ghent (Belgium) 
The statutory auditor for De Stroomlijn, consolidated subsidiary of Fluvius System Operator, is:  
Figurad Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by Mr Stefaan Beirens 
J.B. de Ghellincklaan 21, 9051 Sint-Denijs-Westrem (Ghent, Belgium)  
The statutory auditor for Atrias, consolidated subsidiary of Fluvius System Operator, is:  
Alain SERCKX SPRL, represented by Mr Alain Serckx 
Rue Ernest Salu 91, 1020 Laken - Brussels (Belgium)  
The statutory auditor for Synductis, consolidated subsidiary of Fluvius System Operator, is:  
Figurad Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by Mr Stefaan Beirens 
J.B. de Ghellincklaan 21, 9051 Sint-Denijs-Westrem (Ghent, Belgium)  
The statutory auditor for Interkabel, entity within the Fluvius Economic Group, is: 
EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by Mr Marnix Van Dooren 
Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12, 9051 Ghent (Belgium)

--- Page 175 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
175 
Each of the statutory auditors of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Issuer’s consolidated subsidiaries is a 
member of the Belgian “Instituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises”. 
9 
Trends in the markets in which the Issuer and the Guarantors are active 
9.1 
Trends identified in the Flemish Government Agreement 2019-2024, the Flemish Energy & 
Climate Plan and the “Core Activities Debate” 
Flemish Government Agreement 2019-2024 
The current Flemish Government, which took office early October 2019 for a five-year period, has 
outlined a number of objectives on energy policy in its coalition government agreement (the “Flemish 
Government Agreement”)82 . The items impacting the Issuer and the Guarantors are briefly set out 
below. 
As from 2021 onwards, large-scale allotment projects and large apartment buildings will only be 
connected to the gas distribution grid for collective heating through CHP or in a combination with a 
renewable system as the main source of heating. Additionally, a fuel-based heating system cannot be 
replaced if a gas distribution grid is available in the street.  
For digital metering, the aim is to obtain a maximum roll-out in the period 2019-2024. The energy 
distributors are called upon to urgently build and implement a highly performant, cost-efficient and 
future-proof software platform for the exchange of data delivered by the digital meters installed on the 
grid. Data management, as carried out by the DSOs, will be evaluated by the VREG in 2024. 
The DSOs and the Issuer as their operating company should implement an analytical accounting system 
in which their regulated and non-regulated (energy) activities are being separated. This should enhance 
transparency and financial stability, and avoid possible cross-subsidies between activities. The Flemish 
Government also announced an inquiry into the activities currently carried out by the DSOs and the 
Issuer. Their core activity should be an efficiently operated distribution grid which is able to tackle future 
challenges in an affordable way. Further simplifications in the landscape of the Flemish electricity and 
gas DSOs are also put forward. 
In public lighting, all infrastructure is switched to LED-technology by 2030. Public lighting maintenance 
costs will be eliminated from the distribution grid fees. Dimming, turning off and the smart management 
of public lighting are mentioned as means to reduce light pollution.  
DSOs will not be allowed to own, develop, manage or operate infrastructure for energy storage. 
A reform of the current certificate mechanism for green power and CHP was announced. Support 
mechanisms for sustainable biomass and biogas when injected into the gas distribution networks or when 
used for industrial or collective heat generation will be elaborated.  
As regards regulation, the Flemish Government will strive towards one single regulatory body for grid-
related infrastructure (electricity, gas, heat, cable, water, sewerage, etc.) and media.  
The development of district heating will be incentivised by evaluating, amongst other things, the relevant 
regulatory framework. The Flemish Region will support local authorities in drawing up a heat plan. The 
most cost-efficient model for building and managing district heating grids on the public domain will be 
investigated.  
 
82 The full text can be consulted at https://www.vlaanderen.be/publicaties/regeerakkoord-van-de-vlaamse-regering-2019-2024.

--- Page 176 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
176 
For the sewerage activity, the Flemish Government plans to adapt the tariff structures for drinking water 
and wastewater. The current financing mechanisms for the municipalities and Aquafin83 will be amended 
as well with the aim to evolve into a more result-driven, flexible and programme-based approach 
(simplified procedures, more responsibility in the division of activities between the Flemish 
environmental agency VMM84 and the sewerage operators). Closer coordination between sewerage 
operators and other stakeholders in sewerage investments (other utilities, public domain) will be 
promoted. Sewerage asset management should be coordinated between Aquafin and the sewerage 
operators. An analytical accounting system should be implemented. 
In its climate policy, the Flemish Government formulated its ambition to substantially increase energy 
efficiency by enhancing the share of renewable and low-carbon energy sources in the total energy mix. 
Greenhouse gas emissions in Flanders should be reduced with 80% by 2050 with the ambition to reach 
complete climate-neutrality. 
The surplus costs on the end consumers’ energy bill should not increase due to this Flemish policy. Extra 
focus will be on the battle against energy poverty. The digital meter should enable the timely detection 
of budget derailments.  
Flemish Climate & Energy Plan 2021-2030 
On 9 December 2019, the Flemish Government approved the Flemish Energy and Climate Plan. This 
plan is part of the Belgian Climate and Energy Plan 2021-2030, which is to be submitted to the European 
Commission.  
The Flemish Energy and Climate Plan expressly mentions the Issuer in relation to its role as data provider 
and its involvement in digitalising the energy system, in upgrading and reinforcing the distribution grids 
as an answer to the growing volumes of intermittent energy and electrification. A maximum roll-out of 
digital metering is proposed for 2024 and the replacement of the classic budget meter by digital ones by 
2021. 
Other major topics relevant to the Issuer and the Guarantors are:  
• 
boosting energy efficiency in the industrial, residential and transport sector; 
• 
accelerating the process of renewable energy; and 
• 
the digital management of energy services and technology. 
Finally, the Flemish Energy and Climate Plan also mentions that the Issuer (as well as gas transport 
company Fluxys) should reduce methane emissions in gas transport and distribution. 
Core activities debate 
Apart from the 2019-2024 Flemish Government Agreement discussed above, the Flemish authorities 
(i.e., the Flemish government and the Flemish parliament) have engaged in the so-called “Core Activities 
Debate” (in Dutch “kerntakendebat”). The aim of this is to define what activities and which scope of 
activities the Issuer and the Guarantors can (and cannot) engage in in the future. The debate should 
define what tasks are entrusted to regulated entities such as the Issuer and the Guarantors, what should 
be performed by the authorities and what is left to the commercial market. This should - in the view of 
 
83 Aquafin is in Flanders the responsible entity for supra-municipal wastewater collection, transport and treatment. 
84 The VMM has responsibilities in three domains: air, water and the environment. It helps in avoiding, reducing and eliminating detrimental 
effects in water systems and the atmosphere. It reports on the overall condition of the environment in Flanders and it tries to realise these 
objectives through the integral water policy.

--- Page 177 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
177 
those politically responsible - ultimately lead to a situation in which the Guarantors and the Issuer can 
concentrate themselves to a maximum degree on their core activity: managing an efficient distribution 
grid which is able to tackle tomorrow’s challenges. As such, the debate looks into the Issuer’s and the 
Guarantors’ current activities (energy distribution, public lighting, district heating, sewerage, CATV 
infrastructure, data management, fibre-to-the-home, etc..), but also into other activities, such as water 
distribution, telecom, etc.  
The exact outcome of these political discussions is not entirely clear at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
If and when the results of the core activities debate are enshrined into legislation, this might influence 
the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ business profile and financial results. 
9.2 
Trends in the energy sector 
The main challenge identified for energy distribution grid management in Flanders and elsewhere is the 
energy transition, i.e., the switch of the energy system into a decentralised and decarbonised (and often 
also digitalised) energy system. This general trend is supported by a wide array of initiatives taken at the 
European policy level. For the Flemish DSOs (the Guarantors) and their operating company (the Issuer) 
this means that their overall role evolves from being a grid operator into being a system operator.  
Between 1996 and 2009, three consecutive legislative packages have been adopted at the European level, 
containing measures related to the liberalisation of the gas and power markets, including through the 
unbundling of transmission and distribution from other activities, open, non-discriminatory access to 
markets and networks, the transparency of the market and the market regulations, the protection of 
consumers, the improvement of interconnections and the safeguarding of a sufficient supply. In addition, 
the EU 2030 and 2050 climate-related targets have had and still have an important impact on the overall 
energy market and the investments in the sector in which the Issuer and the Guarantors are operating.  
The Issuer has identified a number of general trends in the energy sector. These can be summarised as 
follows:  
1. 
the energy landscape: synergies between utilities and the commitment of the end customer (e.g. 
intelligent metering);  
2. 
the energy demand: changes in the energy mix with increasing electrification and a decrease in 
gas consumption, with the latter potentially offset by an increase in hydrogen and biogas 
consumption; 
3. 
energy production: more decentralised electricity, heat generation and “green gas” and hydrogen 
production;  
4. 
managing demand and supply; centralised and decentralised supply and demand management – 
new players in an adapted market model;  
5. 
grid management: micro grids and new technological advances in grid management.  
The so-called Clean Energy Package, adopted in 2019 and to be gradually introduced into national 
legislations over the next years, contains a wide range of measures to strengthen the internal energy 
market. For the Guarantors and their operating company (the Issuer), the most notable elements in this 
Clean Energy Package include the following: 
• 
the proposed cooperation between DSOs at EU level through a new, to be established EU DSO 
entity, which will be tasked with, among other things, the planning of distribution networks, the 
integration of renewables, digitalisation and the cooperation with TSOs within the European 
Union;

--- Page 178 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
178 
• 
the Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on common rules for the internal 
market for electricity requires EU Member States to ensure a competitive, consumer-oriented, 
flexible and non-discriminatory electricity market organisation; 
• 
dynamic electricity price contracts will be allowed, thanks to the introduction of digital metering; 
• 
the distribution grids will need to be able to cope with more active customers, since all final 
customers will be entitled to act as active customers, i.e., they will consume, store or self-generate 
electricity; 
• 
DSOs will need to facilitate flexibility and storage, as well as the development of recharging 
infrastructure for electric vehicles. 
Decentralised Electricity Generation  
The Issuer has already for a number of years been faced with a steady increase in the number of 
installations for decentralised electricity generation (e.g. solar modules, CHP, wind turbines and others) 
that are or need to be connected to the distribution grid. This puts pressure on the traditional design of 
the electricity distribution grid. As more and more end users inject electricity into the distribution grid 
themselves – rather than only being off-takers of electricity – the distribution network design needs to 
reflect and cater for a bidirectional use of the distribution network. This trend has also impacted the 
volumes of electricity being transported over the DSOs’ distribution grids. The Issuer has noted that the 
spectacular growth rate in the number of photovoltaic installations has recently somewhat decreased, 
partly as a result of the limitation in the subsidy mechanisms allowed for by the Flemish government. 
This may, however, increase again following the subsidy regime that is expected to be implemented in 
Flanders as of 1 January 2021. Insufficient investments in electricity distribution grids might lead to 
insufficient capacity of these grids, associated with higher risks for fall-outs, grid disturbances and a 
poorer quality of electricity delivery. 
Another important evolution is the development of offshore wind farms in the Belgian part of the North 
Sea (this relates to the new zone for offshore wind farms bordering the French exclusive economic zone). 
This entails considerable investments, especially at the level of the transmission grid operated by Elia, 
but it also has a fall-out on the distribution grids operated by the Issuer.  
The Issuer wants to be ready for these developments, both by planning and budgeting for the required 
grid modifications, as well as executing them. It has developed the following lines of action:  
• 
Consultation of the competent authorities in order to analyse the use and impact of stimuli for the 
optimal geographic location of large decentralised generation facilities with a view to minimising 
electricity grid expansion costs;  
• 
Pro-active investments in the electricity grid where it is possible to estimate the future levels of 
decentralised generation;  
• 
A step-by-step evolution of the electricity distribution grid towards a smart grid, in which 
important investments in the mid-voltage networks will be required in the short term to enable 
control of the energy flow direction. In the medium term, the realisation of a smart grid will 
require investments to enable real-time data collection. Expansive metering will allow for a better 
management of energy flows, or a so-called “smart grid”. The planning, phasing and realisation 
thereof is the subject of a study that will lead to an investment decision.  
The Issuer is currently assessing the investments needed in the medium to long term. Its long-term 
investment plans will be updated accordingly. Investments by Elia, the electricity transport system

--- Page 179 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
179 
operator, will have a direct impact on this assessment, since Elia’s investments can directly trigger 
additional investments in the distribution grid.  
Logically, and as explained in section 4 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework applicable to the 
Guarantors’, investments in the distribution grid will impact the distribution grid fee. In addition, the 
increased costs will be distributed over smaller distributed volumes of energy, since production of 
electricity is expected to happen in a much more decentralised way. The Issuer will closely monitor the 
impact of these evolutions on the overall distribution grid fee and will analyse and propose options to 
reduce sudden increases in the grid fees. To this end, the introduction of injection tariffs coupled to 
granting financial stimuli for projects that only need marginal investments for connection to the 
distribution grid, could be one way of incentivising efficient investments in decentralised electricity 
generation aiming at bringing distribution grid fees down.  
The future of gas 
The gas sector is currently characterised by rapid developments. The trend towards decarbonisation has 
an undeniable impact on the gas sector in general and gas distribution networks in particular.  
Tomorrow’s gas networks should most probably be able to inject, transport and store renewable biogas, 
biomethane, green hydrogen, synthetic methane and possibly other forms of gas as well. An increased 
complementarity between gas and electricity systems (e.g. gas-to-power or power-to-gas applications) 
is high on the agenda. The Issuer points out that gases are an excellent means for energy storage for 
longer time scales (such as seasonal storage). As such, gas distribution can play a crucial role in the 
energy transition and the further development of renewable energy forms, of which many are by 
definition intermittent. 
Digital Metering, the Market Model and Data Management  
Metering and the management of metering data are crucial tasks in the efficient organisation of energy 
markets. A more pronounced competition in the energy markets and the drive towards more energy 
efficiency in the European Union put more demands on the distribution grids’ metering systems. As a 
consequence of the increase in decentralised electricity production, the network configuration changes 
drastically (from a waterfall principle to bidirectional distribution networks), but there is also an impact 
on the management of metering data. The above evolutions have put the introduction of digital meters 
in the limelight, because the implementation of digital (‘smart’) meters allows retrieving – at any given 
point in time – sufficient data on the actual state of the distribution grid (e.g. location and volumes of 
infeed into and offtake from the grid), which allows managing the grid in the most efficient and 
sustainable way. 
Gas Network Adaptation  
An important evolution in the gas market is the compulsory switch from low to high calorific gas, 
following a decision by the Dutch gas supplier(s) and Dutch authorities to slow down and ultimately 
completely stop deliveries of low calorific gas to the Belgian market. The Dutch authorities have 
announced that the gas deliveries will halt by 2030 at the latest85. Such a step requires major investments 
to adapt part of the Flemish gas distribution networks. 
9.3 
Trends in the other business segments 
 
85 According to press reports in September 2019, the Dutch Energy & Climate Minister has even hinted at an end to the Dutch gas production as 
early as 2022. For 2020, gas production in the Groningen gas fields is expected to be limited to 11.8 billion m³.

--- Page 180 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
180 
Sewerage 
The most prominent challenge for the Flemish sewerage sector is to achieve the European objectives for 
clean watercourses by 2027. This will require substantial additional infrastructure investments. The 
Flemish environmental agency VMM therefore defined technical-ecological and financial objectives for 
each municipality in 2019. The starting point for this VMM model is a cargo reduction of nitrogen and 
phosphorus based on the number of households in each municipality. Sewerage operators can prioritise 
projects and financial policy in their multi-annual programme based on the data in this VMM model. 
Furthermore, this information is also useful for preparing and establishing the river basin management 
plans 2022-2027. 
The Flemish Government in its Flemish Government Agreement focuses on investing in a robust water 
system (both drinking water for consumption and wastewater). The general usage of rain water plans 
should become the norm. Making more use of rain water and re-using wastewater are two elements in 
this general plan.  
Financing and operations in both the drinking water and wastewater sectors should, in the current 
Flemish Government’s opinion, become more efficient and effective. For that purpose, the financing 
mechanisms for Aquafin and the municipalities are to be reformed following a result-driven, flexible 
and programme-oriented approach. The division of tasks between VMM, the sewerage operators and 
other stakeholders (e.g. other utilities) should be better aligned. The Flemish authorities will entrust 
Aquafin with the task of coordinating water infrastructure networks from an asset management 
perspective. 
The water sector (both drinking water and wastewater) will be part of the core activities debate on 
utilities in the Flemish Region. 
Mid-2020, the Flemish Government announced its so-called “Blue Deal” to tackle the increasing water 
scarcity and drought in Flanders. This plan contains 70 measures along 6 different tracks: (i) public 
authorities give the right example and take care of appropriate regulation, (ii) circular use of water 
becomes the standard, (iii) agriculture and nature become part of the solution, (iv) sensibilisation and 
promotion of private persons towards softening of the soil, (v) increasing the security of supply and 
(vi) investing in innovation to make the water system smarter, more robust and more sustainable. An 
amount of EUR 75 million has been dedicated to the first phase of the Blue Deal implementation. Further 
budgeting decisions on the Blue Deal programme are expected in the autumn of 2020. 
CATV 
The development of fast and reliable data networks will be a key element in the communication grid 
sector in Flanders. In this respect, the Issuer is willing to play its role as an independent and experienced 
provider of reliable networks for data transmission, as evidenced by its long-standing role as CATV grid 
operator (partly on behalf of Telenet) and as the owner/manager of its own glass fibre network. The 
Issuer proposes partnerships with other parties that should become responsible for the commercial and 
content-related side of the operations. 
9.4 
General trends 
For the period 2019-2024, which corresponds to the current legislative term of the Flemish Government, 
the Issuer has identified a number of policy items which are particularly relevant to the Flemish utility 
grids operated by itself on behalf of its shareholding Guarantors. All of these twelve topics touch upon 
the challenges posed by the energy transition to a greater or lesser extent.

--- Page 181 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
181 
1. 
The Flemish regulation should allow for flexibility, enabling local flexibility markets in line with 
the free-market principle. The Issuer could then assume the role of flex data manager and thus 
safeguard the technical flexibility for the DSOs. 
2. 
The reinforcement of the active management of the distribution grids is only feasible if storage 
technology is put in place, which will align generation and consumption patterns. 
3. 
In the Issuer’s view, electric vehicles will undeniably play a vital role in tomorrow’s energy 
landscape. Facilities for the fast-recharging of e-vehicles (battery technology and charging 
infrastructure) are a crucial element in the development of this market. However, it also requires 
the availability of larger capacities on local distribution grids. 
4. 
A smart capacity-based tarification system for the use of the distribution grids. In the Issuer’s 
opinion such a system better reflects the actual cost drivers in energy distribution. Capacity tariffs 
will incentivise the end-consumers to adapt their consumption and reduce peak consumption. It 
is also a fair system for allocating distribution costs between different groups of consumers. 
5. 
The Issuer is in favour of a legal and regulatory tarification mechanism that only reflects the costs 
directly related to the use of the distribution networks. Indirect costs (such as the costs incurred 
by the DSOs for public service obligations, taxes and others) should preferably be eliminated 
from the distribution grid fee. 
6. 
The future role of natural gas is widely discussed. The Issuer considers natural gas as a transitional 
energy source in the medium to long term, awaiting the further technical developments in 
renewable alternatives. The decision by the Dutch authorities to phase out deliveries of low-
calorific gas (see also section 3.3 – ‘Organisation of the Belgian gas market’) triggers a specific 
problem for the Flemish gas DSOs. Appropriate and fair financing for the necessary grid 
adaptation should be implemented. 
7. 
Public lighting in Flanders should be based on energy-efficient LED-technology. Such an 
evolution allows for more opportunities for the smart management of public lighting. 
8. 
The Flemish Region should make maximum use of the available potential for district heating 
projects. A regulatory framework which clearly sets out the roles and responsibilities for all 
relevant stakeholders is an essential stepping stone towards that aim. 
9. 
The Issuer is willing to support the development of an open digital data network in Flanders.  
10. In sewerage, the Issuer feels that the financing mechanisms for sewerage grid investments (which 
will have to be quite substantial in the period up to 2027) should entail a partly ecological 
incentive for the rational use of water and the local storage and infiltration of rain water. Such an 
approach will alleviate the pressure on the sewerage grid system. 
11. The Issuer positions itself as the natural partner and the expert/catalyst for local authorities in 
their ambitions and concrete actions on climate and energy efficiency. These activities, which take 
the form of a wide array of energy-related services, are fully in line with the Issuer’s core activities 
and can create clear and substantial benefits for the Flemish society. 
12. Finally, an integrated vision on the multi-utility concept for grid-related utilities is absolutely 
vital. The starting point should be a customer-focused service delivery with a strong commitment 
of the local authorities (cities and municipalities). 
The potential impact of the Covid-19 pandemic is uncertain, which makes it difficult to make any 
assessment about the potential impact on trends and the future of the business and activities of the

--- Page 182 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
182 
Fluvius Economic Group. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The ongoing 
Covid-19 pandemic may adversely affect the Fluvius Economic Group’s business activities, revenues 
and/or outlook” in Part II – ‘Risk factors’. 
10 
Membership of professional organisations 
The Issuer is a member of Synergrid vzw, the federation of electricity and gas grid operators in Belgium.  
The Issuer is a member of the European Distribution System Operators for Smart Grids (EDSO for Smart 
Grids). The Issuer is also a member of the European Federation of Local Energy Companies (CEDEC).

--- Page 183 ---
Use of proceeds 
183 
PART VIII – USE OF PROCEEDS 
For each issue, the relevant Final Terms will specify whether the proceeds are used for general corporate 
purposes or for any other particular identified use. 
The general corporate purposes include (i) the financing of the Guarantors’ investment programmes (capex), as 
approved by the competent regulator, in order for the Guarantors to be able to fulfil their tasks attributed to 
them by law, decree or regulation (more specifically, proceeds will be used to finance that part of the funding 
needs that exceed the Fluvius Economic Group’s auto-financing capabilities at any given point in time) and 
(ii) the refinancing of currently outstanding loans and other debt financings of the Guarantors. 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from a specific issue of a Tranche of Notes may be 
applied exclusively to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, the Eligible Green Projects (as defined in Part IX 
– ‘Green Financing Framework’). For further information, please see Part IX – ‘Green Financing Framework’.

--- Page 184 ---
Green financing framework 
184 
PART IX – GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK 
1 
Introduction 
The Issuer has developed its green financing framework (the “Green Financing Framework”) to align its 
financial policy with the overall strategy of the Issuer and, in particular, with its corporate social responsibility 
(CSR) strategy. In setting up this Green Financing Framework, the Issuer aims at highlighting its important 
contribution to sustainable solutions for the Flemish Region at large, and its energy sector in particular. The 
Issuer’s ultimate purpose is to safeguard reliable, efficient, sustainable and affordable utility services for the 
Flemish people and economy. 
The Green Financing Framework is in line with: 
• 
the Green Bond Principles, as issued by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
and last updated in June 2018; and 
• 
the Green Loan Principles from the Loan Market Association (LMA), last updated in May 2020. 
In the Issuer’s view, financing instruments qualifying as green financing instruments issued under its Green 
Financing Framework (“Green Financing Instruments”) are efficient tools in the transition towards a low 
carbon economy and a more decentralised energy system. As such, those Green Financing Instruments will 
support the Issuer in implementing its sustainability strategy. Green Notes as described in this Base Prospectus 
will be issued under the Green Financing Framework of the Issuer. For each of the Green Financing Instruments, 
including Green Notes, (i) the use of proceeds, (ii) the evaluation and selection of projects, (iii) the management 
of proceeds, (iv) the reporting on allocation and impact and (v) the external review will be carried out according 
to the Green Financing Framework. 
The Issuer aims to ensure that the selected projects to be financed through instruments issued under the Green 
Financing Framework will especially contribute to one of the environmental objectives identified in the Green 
Financing Framework. 
2 
Reporting 
In relation to Green Notes, the Issuer will report annually on the allocation of its net proceeds during the lifetime 
of outstanding Green Financing Instruments. The allocation report will present details on: 
• 
the year of investment; 
• 
the aggregate amounts of investments and expenses allocated to Eligible Green Projects, along 
with examples and description of emblematic Eligible Green Projects; 
• 
the balance of unallocated proceeds (if any) invested in cash, the cash pooling system within the 
Fluvius Economic Group and/or cash equivalents; and 
• 
the proportion of new financing and refinancing. 
The allocation report will be reviewed by an independent third party and will be published on the Issuer’s 
website: https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations.  
3 
External review 
The Issuer has procured that a report (the “SPO Report”) from a second party opinion (the “SPO”) provider 
as third party reviewer of its Green Financing Framework and the Issuer’s overall CSR and sustainability 
strategy and performance. This provider will certify alignment with the applicable green principles, such as the

--- Page 185 ---
Green financing framework 
185 
Green Bond Principles (GBP) developed by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) and the 
Green Loan Principles (GLP) developed by the Loan Market Association (LMA). 
4 
Availability  
The Green Financing Framework and the SPO Report will be available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations). The Green Financing Framework and SPO Report may be 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time.

--- Page 186 ---
Taxation 
186 
PART X – TAXATION 
The tax legislation in force in the jurisdiction of a potential investor, in the country of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors (i.e., Belgium) and in any other relevant jurisdiction may have an impact on the income which may 
be received from the Notes. The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Belgium 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law, potentially with a retroactive effect. 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which 
may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes.  
Investors should also note that the appointment by an investor in Notes, or any person through which an investor 
holds Notes, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Notes in any jurisdiction may 
have tax implications. Each prospective Noteholder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax adviser 
as to the Belgian tax consequences of any investment in, or ownership and disposition of, the Notes or that of 
any other relevant jurisdiction. 
BELGIUM 
The following is a general description of the main Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming 
and/or disposing of the Notes. It is restricted to the matters of Belgian taxation stated herein and is intended 
neither as tax advice nor as a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax consequences associated with or 
resulting from any of the aforementioned transactions. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax 
advisers concerning the detailed and overall tax consequences of subscribing for, acquiring, holding, redeeming 
and/or disposing of the Notes, including under the laws of their countries of citizenship, residence, ordinary 
residence or domicile. 
The summary provided below is based on the information provided in this Base Prospectus and on Belgium’s 
tax laws, regulations, resolutions and other public rules with legal effect, and the interpretation thereof under 
published case law, all as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and with the exception of subsequent 
amendments with retroactive effect. 
General 
For the purpose of the following general description, a Belgian resident is: (a) an individual subject to Belgian 
personal income tax (personenbelasting/impôt des personnes physiques) (i.e., an individual who has his 
domicile in Belgium or has his seat of wealth in Belgium, or a person assimilated to a Belgian resident), (b) a 
legal entity subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés) (i.e., a 
company that has its principal establishment or effective place of management in Belgium), (c) an Organisation 
for Financing Pensions subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e., a Belgian pension fund incorporated under 
the form of an Organisation for Financing Pensions) or (d) a legal entity subject to Belgian legal entities tax 
(rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales) (i.e., an entity other than a legal entity subject to 
corporate income tax having its principal establishment or its effective place of management in Belgium). A 
Belgian non-resident is any person or entity that is not a Belgian resident. 
Belgian Withholding Tax 
All payments by or on behalf of the Issuer of interest on the Notes are in principle subject to Belgian withholding 
tax on the gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30 per cent. Both Belgian domestic tax law and 
applicable tax treaties may provide for lower or zero rates subject to certain conditions and formalities. 
In this regard and for the purpose of the following paragraphs, “interest” means (i) the periodic interest income, 
(ii) any amount paid by, or on behalf of, the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption 
whether or not at maturity, or upon purchase by the Issuer) and (iii) if the Notes qualify as fixed income

--- Page 187 ---
Taxation 
187 
securities pursuant to Article 2, § 1, 8° of the Belgian code on income tax of 1992 (Wetboek van de 
inkomstenbelastingen 1992/Code des impôts sur les revenus 1992, the “BITC 1992”), in case of a disposal of 
the Notes between two interest payment dates to any third party, excluding the Issuer, the pro rata of accrued 
interest corresponding to the detention period. However, payments of interest and principal under the Notes by 
or on behalf of the Issuer may be made without deduction of withholding tax in respect of the Notes if and as 
long as at the moment of payment or attribution of interest they are held by certain eligible investors (the 
“Eligible Investors”, see hereinafter) in an exempt securities account (an “X Account”) that has been opened 
with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant (a “Participant”) in the NBB-SSS. Euroclear, 
Euroclear France, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, Interbolsa and LuxCSD are directly or indirectly 
Participants for this purpose. 
Holding the Notes through the NBB-SSS enables Eligible Investors to receive gross interest income on their 
Notes and to transfer Notes on a gross basis. 
Participants to the NBB-SSS must enter the Notes which they hold on behalf of Eligible Investors in an 
X Account and those they hold for the account of non-Eligible Investors in a non-exempt securities account 
(an ”N Account”). Payments of interest made through X Accounts are free of Belgian withholding tax; 
payments of interest made through N Accounts are subject to a Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent., which 
the NBB deducts from the payment and pays over to the Belgian tax authorities. 
Eligible Investors are those listed in article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of 
withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende 
voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification du précompte mobilier) 
which include, inter alia: 
(i) 
Belgian companies subject to Belgian corporate income tax as referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, b) of the 
BITC 1992; 
(ii) 
institutions, associations or companies specified in Article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 on the 
control of insurance companies other than those referred to in (i) and (iii) subject to the application of 
Article 262, 1° and 5° of the BITC 1992; 
(iii) 
state regulated institutions (parastatalen/institutions parastatales) for social security, or institutions 
which are assimilated therewith, provided for in Article 105, 2º of the royal decree implementing the 
BITC 1992 (koninklijk besluit tot uitvoering van het wetboek inkomstenbelastingen 1992/arrêté royal 
d’exécution du code des impôts sur les revenus 1992), the “RD/BITC 1992”; 
(iv) 
non-resident investors whose holding of the Notes is not connected to a professional activity in Belgium, 
referred to in Article 105, 5º of the RD/BITC 1992; 
(v) 
Belgian qualifying investment funds, recognised in the framework of pension savings, provided for in 
Article 115 of the RD/BITC 1992; 
(vi) 
taxpayers provided for in Article 227, 2º of the BITC 1992 which have used the income generating 
capital for the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium and which are subject to non-resident 
income tax pursuant to Article 233 of the BITC 1992; 
(vii) 
the Belgian State in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in accordance with 
Article 265 of the BITC 1992; 
(viii) collective investment funds (such as investment funds (beleggingsfondsen/fonds de placement)) 
governed by foreign law which are an indivisible estate managed by a management company for the 
account of the participants, provided the fund units are not offered publicly in Belgium or traded in 
Belgium;

--- Page 188 ---
Taxation 
188 
(ix) 
Belgian resident corporations, not provided for under (i) above, when their activities exclusively or 
principally consist of the granting of credits and loans; and 
(x) 
only for the income from debt securities issued by legal persons that are part of the sector of public 
authorities, in the sense of the European system of national and regional accounts (ESA), for the 
application of the European Community Rule N° 3605/93 of 22 November 1993 on the application of 
the Protocol on the procedure in case of excessive deficits attached to the Treaty of the European 
Communities, the legal entities that are part of the aforementioned sector of public authorities. 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident investors who are individuals or Belgian non-
profit making organisations, other than those mentioned under (ii) and (iii) above. 
The above categories only summarise the detailed definitions contained in Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 
26 May 1994, as amended, to which investors should refer for a precise description of the relevant eligibility 
rules. 
Transfers of Notes between an X Account and an N Account give rise to certain adjustment payments on account 
of withholding tax: 
• 
A transfer from an N Account (to an X Account or an N Account) gives rise to the payment by the 
transferor non-Eligible Investor to the NBB of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest 
calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date. 
• 
A transfer (from an X Account or an N Account) to an N Account gives rise to the refund by the NBB to 
the transferee non-Eligible Investor of an amount equal to withholding tax on the accrued fraction of 
interest calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date. 
• 
Transfers of Notes between two X Accounts do not give rise to any adjustment on account of withholding 
tax. 
Upon opening of an X Account for the holding of Notes, the Eligible Investor is required to provide the 
Participant with a statement of its eligible status on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance and 
send it to the Participant to the NBB-SSS where this X Account is kept. There are no ongoing declaration 
requirements for Eligible Investors save that they need to inform the Participants of any changes to the 
information contained in the statement of their tax eligible status. 
Participants are required to annually provide the NBB with listings of investors who have held an X Account 
during the preceding calendar year. 
An X Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an “Intermediary”) in respect of Notes 
that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the “Beneficial Owners”), provided that each 
Beneficial Owner is an Eligible Investor. In such a case, the Intermediary must deliver to the Participant a 
statement on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance confirming that (i) the Intermediary is itself 
an Eligible Investor and (ii) the Beneficial Owners holding their Notes through it are also Eligible Investors. 
The Beneficial Owner is also required to deliver a statement of its eligible status to the Intermediary. 
These identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in central securities depositaries as defined in 
Article 2, first paragraph, (1) of the Regulation (EU) N° 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories 
and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012 (“CSD”), acting as 
Participants to the NBB-SSS (each, a “NBB-CSD”), provided that the relevant NBB-CSD only holds X 
Accounts and that they are able to identify the Noteholders for whom they hold Notes in such account. For the 
identification requirements not to apply, it is furthermore required that the contracts which were concluded by

--- Page 189 ---
Taxation 
189 
the relevant NBB-CSDs acting as Participants include the commitment that all their clients, holder of an 
account, are Eligible Investors. Please refer to Part V – ‘Settlement’, for further information on the current 
NBB-CSDs. 
In accordance with the NBB-SSS, a Noteholder who is withdrawing Notes from an X Account will, following 
the payment of interest on those Notes, be entitled to claim an indemnity from the Belgian tax authorities of an 
amount equal to the withholding on the interest payable on the Notes from the last preceding Interest Payment 
Date until the date of withdrawal of the Notes from the NBB-SSS. 
Belgian income tax 
(a) 
Belgian resident individuals 
For Belgian resident individuals, i.e., natural persons who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(personenbelasting/impôt des personnes physiques) and who hold the Notes as a private investment, the 
interest payments will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. Belgian withholding tax. Such withholding 
tax constitutes the final taxation, fully discharging them from their personal income tax liability with 
respect to these interest payments. This means that these Belgian resident individuals do not have to 
declare interest in respect of the Notes in their personal income tax return, provided that withholding tax 
has effectively been levied on the interest. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest in respect of the Notes in their 
personal income tax return. Interest income which is declared in this way will in principle be taxed at a 
flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s) taking into account the 
taxpayer’s other declared income, whichever is more beneficial). If the interest payment is declared, the 
Belgian withholding tax levied may be credited and may even be refundable. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, except to the extent the tax 
authorities can prove that the capital gains are realised outside the scope of the normal management of 
one’s private estate or unless (and to the extent that) the capital gains qualify as interest (as described in 
section “Belgian Withholding Tax” above). Capital losses realised on the disposal of the Notes held as a 
non-professional investment are in principle not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private investment. 
(b) 
Belgian resident companies 
Interest attributed or paid to corporations which are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., which are 
subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés), as well as capital 
gains realised upon the disposal of Notes are taxable at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of in 
principle 25 per cent. (with a reduced rate of 20 per cent. applying to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 
of taxable income of qualifying small companies as defined by article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code), as of assessment year 2021 linked to a taxable period starting at the 
earliest on 1 January 2020.  
Any Belgian withholding tax retained by or on behalf of the Issuer will, subject to certain conditions, be 
creditable against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount will in principle be refundable, 
all in accordance with the applicable legal provisions. 
Capital losses realised upon the disposal of the Notes are in principle tax deductible. 
Different tax rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, such as investment companies 
within the meaning of Article 185bis BITC 1992.

--- Page 190 ---
Taxation 
190 
(c) 
Belgian legal entities 
For Belgian legal entities subject to Belgian legal entities tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôts des 
personnes morales), the withholding tax on interest will constitute the final tax in respect of such income. 
Belgian legal entities holding the Notes in an N Account will generally be subject to the Belgian 
withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. This tax constitutes the final levy for them and, in principle, 
fully discharges their income tax liability. 
Belgian legal entities that qualify as Eligible Investors and that consequently have received gross interest 
income without deduction for or on account of Belgian withholding tax, due to the fact that they hold 
the Notes through an X Account with the NBB-SSS, are required (if such entities cannot invoke a final 
withholding tax exemption) to declare and pay the 30 per cent. withholding tax to the Belgian tax 
authorities themselves (which withholding tax then generally also constitutes the final taxation in the 
hands of the relevant investors). 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains qualify 
as interest (as described in “Belgian Withholding Tax” above). Capital losses are in principle not tax 
deductible. 
(d) 
Organisations for Financing Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions (Organismen voor de 
Financiering van Pensioenen/Organismes de Financement de Pensions) in the meaning of the Law of 
27 October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision 
(wet 
van 
27 
oktober 
2006 
betreffende 
het 
toezicht 
op 
de 
instellingen 
voor 
bedrijfspensioenvoorzieningen/loi du 27 octobre 2006 relative au contrôle des institutions de retraite 
professionnelle), are in principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses are in 
principle not tax deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that has been 
levied can be credited against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount is in principle 
refundable. 
(e) 
Belgian non-residents 
Non-residents who use the Notes to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a Belgian 
permanent establishment, are in principle subject to practically the same tax rules as the Belgian resident 
companies (see above). 
Noteholders who are not residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes, who are not holding the Notes 
through a permanent establishment in Belgium and who do not invest in the Notes in the course of their 
Belgian professional activity, will in principle not become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital 
gains by reason only of the acquisition, ownership, redemption or disposal of the Notes, provided that 
they qualify as Eligible Investors and that they hold their Notes in an X Account. 
(f) 
Inheritance duties 
No Belgian inheritance duties will be levied in respect of the Notes if the deceased Noteholder was not 
a Belgian resident at the time of his or her death. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
No tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les opérations de bourse) will be 
due on the issuance of the Notes (primary market transaction).

--- Page 191 ---
Taxation 
191 
A tax on stock exchange transactions will in principle be levied on the acquisition and disposal and any other 
acquisition or transfer for consideration of Notes on the secondary market if (i) entered into or carried out in 
Belgium through a professional intermediary or (ii) deemed to be entered into or carried out in Belgium, which 
is the case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of 
Belgium, either by private individuals with habitual residence (gewone verblijfplaats/residence habituelle) in 
Belgium, or legal entities for the account of their seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a 
“Belgian Investor”). 
The tax is due at a rate of 0.12 per cent on each acquisition and disposal separately (hence, the tax is due 
separately from each party to any such transaction, i.e., the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee)), 
with a maximum amount of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party, both collected by the professional 
intermediary.  
However, if the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax on the stock exchange transactions will 
in principle be due by the Belgian Investor (who will be responsible for the filing of a stock exchange tax return 
and for the timely payment of the amount of stock exchange tax due), unless the Belgian Investor can 
demonstrate that the tax on the stock exchange transactions has already been paid by the professional 
intermediary established outside Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign professional intermediary also has to 
provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying order statement 
(borderel/bordereau), at the latest on the business day after the day on which the relevant transaction was 
realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and duplicates must be retained by the 
financial intermediary. A duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent day-to-day listing, numbered in series. 
Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside Belgium could appoint a stock exchange tax 
representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (“Stock Exchange Tax 
Representative”). In such case, the Stock Exchange Tax Representative would then be jointly liable towards 
the Belgian Treasury to pay the tax on stock exchange transactions and to comply with the reporting obligations 
in that respect. If such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative has paid the tax on stock exchange transactions, 
the Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be required to pay the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
A tax on repurchase transactions (taks op de reportverrichtingen/taxe sur les opérations de report) at the rate 
of 0.085 per cent. will be due from each party to any such transaction entered into or settled in Belgium in 
which a stockbroker acts for either party (with a maximum amount of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party). 
However, neither of the taxes referred to above will be payable by exempt persons acting for their own account 
including investors who are not Belgian residents, provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial 
intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional investors as 
defined in Article 126.1, 2° of the code of miscellaneous duties and taxes (wetboek diverse rechten en 
taksen/code des droits et taxes divers) for the tax on stock exchange transactions and in Article 139, second 
paragraph of the same code for the tax on repurchase transactions. 
As stated below, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial 
transactions tax (the “FTT”) for an enhanced cooperation in the area of financial transactions tax. The proposal 
currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member States shall not maintain or 
introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 
2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock 
exchange transactions and the tax on repurchase transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into 
force. Since 2019, participating Member States are discussing a new FTT proposal. According to the latest draft 
of this new FTT proposal (submitted by the German government), the FTT would not apply to straight notes. 
The FTT proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be 
changed at any time.

--- Page 192 ---
Taxation 
192 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the EU Commission published a proposal for a Council Directive (the “Draft Directive”) 
on a common FTT for an enhanced cooperation in the area of financial transactions tax. Pursuant to the Draft 
Directive, the FTT shall be implemented and enter into effect in eleven EU Member States (Austria, Belgium, 
Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain; the “Participating Member 
States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Draft Directive stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the Participating Member States shall not 
maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in Council 
Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
The Draft Directive has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Draft Directive, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings, is issued in a Participating Member State. 
In 2019, Finance Ministers of the Member States participating in the enhanced cooperation indicated that they 
were discussing a new FTT proposal based on the French model of the tax and the possible mutualisation of the 
tax as a contribution to the EU budget. 
According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal (submitted by the German government), the FTT would 
be levied at a rate of at least 0.2 per cent. of the consideration for the acquisition of ownership of shares 
(including ordinary and any preference shares) admitted to trading on a trading venue or a similar third country 
venue, or of other securities equivalent to such shares (“Financial Instruments”) or similar transactions (e.g. 
an acquisition of Financial Instruments by means of an exchange of Financial Instruments or by means of a 
physical settlement of a derivative). Only transactions with Financial Instruments that have been issued by a 
company, partnership or other entity whose registered office is established within one of the Participating 
Member States and with a market capitalisation of at least EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding 
the respective transaction would be covered. The FTT would be payable to the Participating Member State in 
whose territory the issuer of a Financial Instrument has established its registered office. According to the latest 
draft of the new FTT proposal, the FTT would not apply to straight notes. Like the Draft Directive, the latest 
draft of the new FTT proposal also stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the Participating Member 
States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in 
the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States (Estonia excluded), 
and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate and/or other 
Participating Member States may decide to withdraw. 
Prospective Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the consequences of the FTT 
associated with the subscription, purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION – COMMON REPORTING STANDARD (CRS) 
Following recent international developments, the exchange of information will be governed by the Common 
Reporting Standard (“CRS”).

--- Page 193 ---
Taxation 
193 
On 3 September 2020, 109 jurisdictions signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (“MCAA”), 
which is a multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, 
with the subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent 
notifications. 
49 jurisdictions, including Belgium, have committed to a specific and ambitious timetable leading to the first 
automatic information exchanges in 2017, relating to income year 2016 (“early adopters”). More than 50 
jurisdictions have committed to exchange information as from 2018, two jurisdictions as from 2019 and seven 
jurisdictions as from 2020. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence 
standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account 
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income 
generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable 
accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal 
residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report 
on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in 
direct taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as 
foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, 
Directive 2011/16/EU. 
The Belgian government has implemented DAC2, respectively the CRS, pursuant to the law of 
16 December 2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial 
institutions and by the Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on 
an international level and for tax purposes (the “Law of 16 December 2015”). 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies in 
Belgium (i) as of financial year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States 
(including Austria, irrespective of the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria towards other 
EU Member States is only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of financial year 2014 (first information 
exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii) with respect to any other jurisdictions that have signed the MCAA, 
as of the respective date to be determined by Royal Decree. In a Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, as amended, it 
has been determined that the automatic exchange of information has to be provided as from (i) 2017 (for the 
2016 financial year) for a first list of 18 jurisdictions, (ii) as from 2018 (for the 2017 financial year) for a second 
list of 44 jurisdictions, (iii) as from 2019 (for the 2018 financial year) for a third list of one jurisdiction and 
(iv) as from 2020 (for the 2019 financial year) a fourth list of six jurisdictions. 
The Notes are subject to DAC2 and the Law of 16 December 2015. Under DAC2 and the Law of 
16 December 2015, Belgian financial institutions holding the Notes for tax residents in another CRS contracting 
state shall report financial information regarding the Notes (e.g. in relation to income and gross proceeds) to 
the Belgian competent authority, which shall communicate the information to the competent authority of the 
state of the tax residence of the beneficial owner. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
“FATCA”, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (“Foreign Passthru Payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting 
or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of

--- Page 194 ---
Taxation 
194 
jurisdictions (including Belgium) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining Foreign Passthru Payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining “Foreign Passthru Payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. Prospective 
investors should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 195 ---
Subscription and sale 
195 
PART XI – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Belfius Bank SA/NV and BNP Paribas 
Fortis SA/NV (the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be 
sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, the Dealers are set out in a Programme Agreement dated on or about 
17 November 2020 (the “Programme Agreement”) and made between the Issuer, the Guarantors and the 
Dealers. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, 
the Guarantors and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the 
method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as “Non-Syndicated” and the name of that 
Dealer and any other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the 
appointment of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the 
method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantors and more than one Dealer for that 
Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described 
in the relevant Final Terms as “Syndicated”, the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes 
will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those 
Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers 
(including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that 
Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the 
price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles 
(if any) payable or allowed by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Programme Agreement makes 
provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of 
additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Notes. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each of the Dealers has agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, except as permitted by the 
Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of any offering, an offer or sale of Notes from that offering 
within the United States by any dealer whether or not participating in the offering may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA or in

--- Page 196 ---
Subscription and sale 
196 
the UK. For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Selling restrictions addressing additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year,  
(a) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and  
(b) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons  
(1) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or  
(2) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the UK 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantors; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the UK Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Belgium 
The paragraph headed “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” above is applicable in respect of 
sales to investors in Belgium. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not advertised, offered, sold, delivered or otherwise made available 
and will not advertise, offer, sell, deliver or otherwise make available, directly or indirectly, Notes to any 
Consumers in Belgium, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation 
to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Consumer in Belgium. For these purposes, a “Consumer” has the 
meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 
economisch recht/Code de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and 
acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession.

--- Page 197 ---
Subscription and sale 
197 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
As used in this paragraph, “resident of Japan” means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation 
or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at 
its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required 
by the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense.  
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” 
above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant 
only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 198 ---
Form of final terms 
198 
PART XII – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA OR UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared 
a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
or in the United Kingdom and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA or in the United Kingdom may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to 
any Consumers. For these purposes, a “Consumer” has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), being any 
natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business 
or profession.

--- Page 199 ---
Form of final terms 
199 
Final Terms dated [●] 
FLUVIUS SYSTEM OPERATOR CV 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed on a several but not joint basis by Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, 
Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 17 November 2020 [and the supplement(s) to it dated 
[●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant 
information. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s website (https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-
relations/ratings-and-bonds/bonds). 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.) 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Fluvius System Operator CV 
 
(ii) 
Guarantors: 
Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius 
West, Gaselwest, Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, 
Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas (please see 
paragraph 14 below). 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series (and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes) with [●] on [[●]/the Issue Date]] [Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
[(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]]

--- Page 200 ---
Form of final terms 
200 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [●]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[●][EURIBOR/LIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [15/16/17] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100/[●]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 15 and 16 
below and identify there]/[Not applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Put Option] 
 
 
[Make Whole Call Option] 
 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
 
 
[Substantial Repurchase Event] 
 
 
[See paragraph[s] [18/19/20/21/22] below] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Date of Board approval for issuance of Notes 
and Guarantees: 
[●] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee) 
14. 
Pro rata share in the Guarantee for each 
Guarantor: 
Each of the Guarantors has agreed to guarantee 
the Notes on a several but not joint basis, pro rata 
to the share that each Guarantor holds in the share 
capital of the Issuer as of the Issue Date, being:

--- Page 201 ---
Form of final terms 
201 
 
 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Fluvius Limburg 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Fluvius West 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Gaselwest 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Imewo 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Intergem 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Iveka 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Iverlek 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
PBE 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Riobra 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Sibelgas 
[●] per cent. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% per annum payable on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year [from and including 
[●]][until and excluding [●]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date: 
[●]/[Each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date]/[Not 
Applicable]. 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business 
Day Convention in (v) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]]

--- Page 202 ---
Form of final terms 
202 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, 
as the Business Day Convention in (v) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to 
any adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) below is specified to be Not Applicable]]] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention] / 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
/ [Preceding Business Day Convention] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Agent]): 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●] [EURIBOR/ LIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
• 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [– the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period 
shall 
be 
calculated 
using 
Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(x) 
Margin: 
[[+/-][●]% per annum] 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]% per annum] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 203 ---
Form of final terms 
203 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]% per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] [All of the Notes] 
 
(iv) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] [All of the Notes] 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
19. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
20. 
Make Whole Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Determination Time: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Margin: 
[●]

--- Page 204 ---
Form of final terms 
204 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
21. 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call Period: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
22. 
Substantial Repurchase Event 
 
 
(i) 
Applicable Percentage: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been extracted 
from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
SIGNED on behalf of FLUVIUS SYSTEM OPERATOR CV, FLUVIUS ANTWERPEN, FLUVIUS 
LIMBURG, FLUVIUS WEST, GASELWEST, IMEWO, INTERGEM, IVEKA, IVERLEK, PBE, 
RIOBRA and SIBELGAS 
 
 
By: .....................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 205 ---
Form of final terms 
205 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be to admitted to 
trading on [●] with effect from [●].] [Application 
is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[●] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [are not/have been/are 
expected to be] specifically rated [by [●]]. [The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type under the Programme 
generally [●].] 
[Name of rating agency(ies): [●] 
[●] [is/are] established in the EU or the United 
Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”).]  
[A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the 
Guarantors and any of their affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [So far as the Issuer is 
aware, the following persons have an interest material to the issue: [●].] (Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests) 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
Indication of yield: 
The yield in respect of this issue of Fixed Rate 
Notes is [●].

--- Page 206 ---
Form of final terms 
206 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name][repeat 
as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat 
as necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011.]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, 
as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional 
provisions 
in 
Article 
51 
of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, 
if located outside the European Union or the 
United Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes, provided that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] [No.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated,  
(A) Names and addresses of Managers: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(B) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(C) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(ii) If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(iii) US Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S compliance Category 1. TEFRA is 
not applicable to the Notes. 
 
(iv) Additional Selling Restrictions:  
[Not Applicable] [●] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS

--- Page 207 ---
Form of final terms 
207 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes as set out in 
Part VIII – ‘Use of Proceeds’ of the Base 
Prospectus/Give details] 
 
(If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus regarding the proceeds being 
used for general corporate purposes (including 
for green notes), give details here.) 
 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 208 ---
General information 
208 
PART XIII – GENERAL INFORMATION 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Belgium in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 26 August 2020. 
The Guarantors have obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Belgium in connection 
with the Guarantees. The Guarantees were authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Fluvius 
Antwerpen passed on 16 September 2020, by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Fluvius Limburg passed 
on 8 September 2020, by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Fluvius West passed on 7 September 2020, 
by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Gaselwest passed on 9 September 2020, by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of Imewo passed on 11 September 2020, by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Intergem 
passed on 10 September 2020, by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Iveka passed on 11 September 2020, 
by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Iverlek passed on 7 September 2020, by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of PBE passed on 3 September 2020, by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Riobra passed 
on 14 September 2020 and by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Sibelgas passed on 21 September 2020. 
Approval by the FSMA 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 17 November 2020 by the FSMA, in its capacity as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation, as a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation in respect of the issue by the Issuer of Notes. The approval by the FSMA should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantors nor of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Listing of Notes on Euronext Brussels and admission to trading of Notes on the regulated market of 
Euronext Brussels 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
twelve months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus to be listed on Euronext Brussels and to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The regulated market of Euronext Brussels 
is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. However, unlisted Notes or Notes listed on another market 
may be issued under the Programme. 
Settlement of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for settlement through the facilities of the NBB-SSS. The Notes can be held by 
their holders through direct Participants and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes 
through any Participant, including, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, through Euroclear, Euroclear France, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Monte Titoli, Interbolsa and LuxCSD. 
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), the Common Code and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the address of the NBB-SSS is Boulevard de Berlaimont 14, 1000 
Brussels, Belgium. The address of any other relevant clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 209 ---
General information 
209 
Significant changes or material adverse changes 
Other than as set out in section 7 – ‘Significant changes in the financial position of the Issuer and the Guarantors’ 
of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’, there has been no significant change in the financial 
position or the financial performance of the Fluvius Economic Group since 30 June 2020 and there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Guarantors since 31 December 2019. 
Litigation 
Other than as set out in section 6 – ‘Legal and arbitration proceedings’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors’, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors have been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors are aware) which may have or have had in the twelve months preceding the date of this 
Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Guarantors. 
Representation of Noteholders 
No entity or organisation has been appointed to act as representative of the Noteholders. The provisions on 
meetings of Noteholders are set out in Condition 10(a) (Meetings of Noteholders) and Schedule 1 (Provisions 
on meetings of Noteholders) to the Conditions. 
Third party information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published 
by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
Documents available 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be available 
on the website of the Issuer (https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations): 
 
the articles of association (statuten/statuts) of the Issuer and the Guarantors (in Dutch); 
 
this Base Prospectus; and 
 
the documents incorporated by reference herein. 
The Agency Agreement, the Clearing Services Agreement and the Guarantees will, for so long as Notes may be 
issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, be available during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays 
and public holidays excepted) for inspection at the registered office of the Agent. 
Transactions of the Co-Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates with the Issuer, the 
Guarantors and their respective affiliates 
The Co-Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, the 
Guarantors and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course 
of their business activities, the Co-Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantors or 
their respective affiliates. The Co-Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities

--- Page 210 ---
General information 
210 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments.

--- Page 211 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
211 
ANNEX – BALANCE SHEET AND INCOME STATEMENT OF EACH GUARANTOR 
This Annex includes the balance sheet (after appropriation) and income statement of each Guarantor as of and for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019. These have been prepared in accordance with 
Belgian generally accepted accounting principles and have been extracted from the relevant Guarantor’s financial 
statements which were filed with the NBB (and were translated from Dutch to English). 
1 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
1.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
1,399,810,356 
292,041,299 
Intangible fixed assets 
14,720,851 
549,245 
Tangible fixed assets 
1,337,547,772 
283,661,763 
Land and buildings 
39,895,567 
11,269,414 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,178,025,586 
246,519,099 
Furniture and vehicles 
6,927,216 
535,234 
Leasing and similar rights 
583,604 
428,559 
Other tangible fixed assets 
41,253 
- 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
112,074,546 
24,909,457 
Financial fixed assets 
47,541,733 
7,830,291 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
6,597,246 
1,111,464 
Participating interests 
6,597,246 
1,111,464 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
40,944,487 
6,718,827 
Shares 
40,796,257 
6,701,779 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
148,230 
17,048 
CURRENT ASSETS 
250,014,423 
44,587,177 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
83,878,717 
528,260 
Trade debtors 
386,563 
409,690 
Other amounts receivable 
83,492,154 
118,570 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
11,766,746 
518,185 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
-

--- Page 212 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
212 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
11,766,746 
518,185 
Amounts receivable within one year 
79,286,791 
27,750,205 
Trade debtors 
51,725,790 
2,991,062 
Other amounts receivable 
27,561,001 
24,759,143 
Current investments 
11,433,012 
1,487 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
11,433,012 
1,487 
Cash at bank and in hand 
45,987 
173,870 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
63,603,170 
15,615,170 
TOTAL ASSETS 
1,649,824,779 
336,628,476 
 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
730,751,302 
189,855,096 
Capital 
389,613,305 
97,710,175 
Issued capital 
389,613,305 
97,710,175 
Uncalled capital 
- 
- 
Share premium account 
1,397,511 
1,397,511 
Revaluation surpluses 
131,069,072 
38,901,858 
Reserves 
179,154,332 
49,151,210 
Legal reserve 
17,290,090 
10,532,415 
Reserves not available 
40,168,104 
19,589,925 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
40,168,104 
19,589,925 
Untaxed reserves 
626,026 
54,404 
Available reserves 
121,070,112 
18,974,466 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
20,839,424 
- 
Investment grants 
8,677,658 
2,694,342 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
13,824,149 
2,599,950

--- Page 213 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
213 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
10,721,983 
1,612,818 
Pensions and similar obligations 
2,882,023 
134,986 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
387,285 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
7,452,675 
1,477,832 
Deferred taxes 
3,102,166 
987,132 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
905,249,328 
144,173,430 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
644,098,950 
81,655,554 
Financial debts  
644,098,950 
81,655,554 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
645,035 
490,171 
Credit institutions  
631,400,409 
35,165,383 
Other loans  
12,053,506 
46,000,000 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
184,935,260 
31,711,092 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
59,108,916 
5,556,955 
Financial debts  
23,811,774 
- 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
23,811,774 
- 
Trade debts  
49,481,361 
4,719,422 
Suppliers  
49,481,361 
4,719,422 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
20,446,814 
1,430,248 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
2,447,811 
9,037,763 
Taxes  
2,447,811 
2,081,979 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
6,955,784 
Other amounts payable  
29,638,584 
10,966,704 
Accruals and deferred income  
76,215,118 
30,806,784 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
1,649,824,779 
336,628,476

--- Page 214 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
214 
1.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating income 
344,007,288 
89,649,352 
Turnover 
327,773,312 
86,490,687 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-3,080,985 
21,874 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
19,314,961 
3,136,791 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
294,709,810 
87,474,600 
Raw materials, consumables 
136,916,984 
34,911,778 
Purchases 
134,490,341 
34,911,778 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
2,426,643 
- 
Services and other goods 
93,410,842 
4,527,422 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
6,580,637 
21,817,234 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
44,093,333 
11,220,809 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
578,011 
194,800 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
93,505 
- 
Other operating charges 
10,750,722 
2,149,168 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
2,285,776 
12,653,389 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
49,297,478 
2,174,752 
Financial income 
13,890,310 
678,048 
Recurring financial income 
13,875,361 
678,048 
Income from financial fixed assets 
9,698,522 
510,448 
Income from current assets 
178,412 
127,920 
Other financial income 
3,998,427 
39,680 
Non-recurring financial income 
14,949 
- 
Financial charges 
16,925,355 
2,997,287 
Recurring financial charges 
16,925,355 
2,997,287 
Debt charges 
16,861,684 
2,996,494

--- Page 215 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
215 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
63,671 
793 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
46,262,433 
-144,487 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
16,693 
12,878 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
12,441,780 
119,675 
Taxes 
12,612,719 
476,703 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
170,939 
357,028 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
33,837,346 
-251,284 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
33,837,346 
-251,284 
 
2 
Fluvius Limburg 
2.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
2,119,230,345 
1,259,656,107 
Intangible fixed assets 
7,192,162 
2,139,620 
Tangible fixed assets 
2,025,502,883 
1,206,118,608 
Land and buildings 
24,525,090 
21,623,914 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,767,644,506 
1,119,994,914 
Furniture and vehicles 
2,991,380 
2,775,817 
Leasing and similar rights 
4,681,978 
2,693,751 
Other tangible fixed assets 
- 
- 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
225,659,930 
59,030,212 
Financial fixed assets 
86,535,301 
51,397,880 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
-

--- Page 216 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
216 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
37,959,834 
2,826,876 
Participating interests 
37,959,834 
2,826,876 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
48,575,466 
48,571,004 
Shares 
48,569,520 
48,565,058 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
5,946 
5,946 
CURRENT ASSETS 
289,163,639 
188,852,770 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
130,281,355 
2,706,479 
Trade debtors 
5,973,873 
2,706,479 
Other amounts receivable 
124,307,482 
- 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
711,981 
1,342,162 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
711,981 
1,342,162 
Amounts receivable within one year 
65,087,590 
52,280,418 
Trade debtors 
24,645,368 
10,052,485 
Other amounts receivable 
40,442,222 
42,227,933 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
98,685 
124,853 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
92,984,028 
132,398,859 
TOTAL ASSETS 
2,408,393,984 
1,448,508,878 
 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
1,656,559,856 
979,447,913 
Capital 
610,590,782 
230,229,333 
Issued capital 
610,618,200 
230,229,333 
Uncalled capital 
27,418 
- 
Share premium account 
110,107,067 
103,988,718

--- Page 217 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
217 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Revaluation surpluses 
319,524,458 
328,321,874 
Reserves 
458,421,869 
316,469,149 
Legal reserve 
26,810,698 
19,563,186 
Reserves not available 
244,314,464 
214,790,588 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
244,314,464 
214,790,588 
Untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Available reserves 
187,296,706 
82,115,374 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
- 
- 
Investment grants 
157,915,680 
438,839 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
20,688,314 
6,735,311 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
14,917,662 
6,577,662 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
- 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
14,917,662 
6,577,662 
Deferred taxes 
5,770,653 
157,649 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
731,145,815 
462,325,654 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
338,267,700 
259,220,274 
Financial debts  
338,267,700 
259,199,709 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
4,350,996 
2,459,933 
Credit institutions  
84,916,703 
44,739,776 
Other loans  
249,000,000 
212,000,000 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
20,565 
Amounts payable within one year  
273,216,055 
53,132,265 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
26,235,532 
19,276,912 
Financial debts  
- 
-

--- Page 218 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
218 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
24,532,291 
20,528,836 
Suppliers  
24,532,291 
20,528,836 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
4,794,057 
4,568,536 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
- 
1,224,302 
Taxes  
- 
1,224,302 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
217,654,176 
7,533,679 
Accruals and deferred income  
119,662,060 
149,973,115 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
2,408,393,984 
1,448,508,878 
 
2.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating income 
433,513,384 
373,090,503 
Turnover 
402,903,915 
346,493,334 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-630,181 
226,681 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
31,197,158 
26,370,487 
Non-recurring operating income 
42,492 
- 
Operating charges 
367,223,013 
366,069,316 
Raw materials, consumables 
154,883,077 
154,141,373 
Purchases 
154,883,077 
154,141,373 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
123,300,138 
95,179,734 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
66,914,703 
43,642,258 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
480,000 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
421,000 
343,662 
Other operating charges 
6,604,094 
3,114,515

--- Page 219 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
219 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
15,100,000 
69,167,774 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
66,290,371 
7,021,187 
Financial income 
18,556,456 
4,248,527 
Recurring financial income 
18,556,456 
4,248,527 
Income from financial fixed assets 
4,721,515 
3,574,134 
Income from current assets 
542,048 
572,544 
Other financial income 
13,292,893 
101,849 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
17,799,869 
10,065,734 
Recurring financial charges 
14,993,040 
10,065,734 
Debt charges 
14,990,001 
10,063,567 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
3,039 
2,167 
Non-recurring financial charges 
2,806,829 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
67,046,958 
1,203,980 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
122,144 
42,782 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
20,679,480 
1,878,236 
Taxes 
20,811,508 
1,963,825 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
132,028 
85,589 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
46,489,622 
-631,475 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
46,489,622 
-631,475 
 
3 
Fluvius West 
3.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
654,023,744 
644,207,220

--- Page 220 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
220 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Intangible fixed assets 
3,168,541 
2,286,528 
Tangible fixed assets 
631,859,603 
621,360,826 
Land and buildings 
34,968,819 
36,430,727 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
511,844,302 
506,875,352 
Furniture and vehicles 
1,044,256 
1,098,861 
Leasing and similar rights 
779,157 
937,466 
Other tangible fixed assets 
- 
-  
Assets under construction and advance payments 
83,223,070 
76,018,420 
Financial fixed assets 
18,995,600 
20,559,866 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
4,015,741 
5,707,751 
Participating interests 
4,015,741 
5,707,751 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
14,979,859 
14,852,115 
Shares 
14,979,059 
14,850,016 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
800 
2,099 
CURRENT ASSETS 
139,742,139 
141,992,133 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
81,114,586 
73,534,777 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
81,114,586 
73,534,777 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
3,748,806 
3,310,743 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
3,748,806 
3,310,743 
Amounts receivable within one year 
31,369,881 
30,602,319 
Trade debtors 
11,988,470 
8,453,026 
Other amounts receivable 
19,381,411 
22,149,293 
Current investments 
- 
14 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
14 
Cash at bank and in hand 
12,752 
380,971 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
23,496,116 
34,163,309 
TOTAL ASSETS 
793,765,884 
786,199,353

--- Page 221 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
221 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
547,208,964 
536,765,997 
Capital 
239,312,300 
237,771,800 
Issued capital 
239,312,300 
237,771,800 
Uncalled capital 
- 
- 
Share premium account 
4,355,914 
4,355,914 
Revaluation surpluses 
81,386,532 
83,704,493 
Reserves 
185,056,223 
179,428,369 
Legal reserve 
22,237,000 
21,440,640 
Reserves not available 
45,498,867 
43,355,832 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
45,498,867 
43,355,832 
Untaxed reserves 
553,305 
558,885 
Available reserves 
116,767,050 
114,073,012 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
- 
- 
Investment grants 
37,097,994 
31,505,422 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
18,943,727 
17,540,005 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
6,579,000 
6,212,000 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
- 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
6,579,000 
6,212,000 
Deferred taxes 
12,364,727 
11,328,005 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
227,613,194 
231,893,351 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
126,735,218 
133,322,216 
Financial debts  
126,735,218 
133,322,216 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
934,670 
1,035,134 
Credit institutions  
32,800,548 
39,287,082 
Other loans  
93,000,000 
93,000,000 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
64,213,867 
49,760,615

--- Page 222 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
222 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
6,896,693 
9,771,117 
Financial debts  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
8,667,542 
7,972,252 
Suppliers  
8,667,542 
7,972,252 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
2,071,436 
2,231,032 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
- 
10,065,125 
Taxes  
- 
4,504,074 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
5,561,052 
Other amounts payable  
46,578,196 
19,721,089 
Accruals and deferred income  
36,664,110 
48,810,520 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
793,765,884 
786,199,353 
 
3.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating income 
133,887,817 
136,206,251 
Turnover 
120,457,474 
119,982,234 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
438,063 
698,635 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
12,992,280 
15,525,382 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
115,959,393 
126,471,848 
Raw materials, consumables 
44,113,860 
41,649,944 
Purchases 
44,113,860 
41,649,944 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
34,255,056 
11,140,333 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
9,460,117 
30,989,506 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
20,783,979 
20,053,645 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
139,000 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
367,000 
- 
Other operating charges 
3,549,689 
3,920,700

--- Page 223 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
223 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
3,429,691 
18,578,720 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
17,928,425 
9,734,403 
Financial income 
9,122,368 
7,953,896 
Recurring financial income 
9,104,212 
7,953,896 
Income from financial fixed assets 
1,831,536 
1,677,938 
Income from current assets 
210,795 
47,5189 
Other financial income 
7,061,880 
6,228,439 
Non-recurring financial income 
18,156 
- 
Financial charges 
5,059,570 
5,213,817 
Recurring financial charges 
5,059,570 
5,213,817 
Debt charges 
5,057,791 
5,212,532 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,779 
1,286 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
21,991,223 
12,474,482 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
218,588 
205,867 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
6,290,621 
3,981,980 
Taxes 
6,474,653 
4,188,042 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
184,032 
206,062 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
15,919,189 
8,698,369 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
8,020 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
15,927,209 
8,698,369 
 
4 
Gaselwest 
4.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
1,771,827,239 
1,794,182,160 
Intangible fixed assets 
14,556,355 
11,253,832 
Tangible fixed assets 
1,693,700,901 
1,719,344,222 
Land and buildings 
51,491,767 
37,436,926

--- Page 224 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
224 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,586,711,001 
1,618,931,690 
Furniture and vehicles 
8,264,389 
6,520,745 
Leasing and other rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
85,714 
121,252 
Tangible assets under construction and advance 
payments made 
47,148,030 
56,333,609 
Financial fixed assets 
63,569,983 
63,584,106 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other enterprises linked by participating interests 
152,951 
167,074 
Participating interests 
152,951 
167,074 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
63,417,032 
63,417,032 
Shares 
63,417,032 
63,417,032 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
210,550,799 
227,448,576 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
96,649 
156,868 
Trade debtors 
- 
32,611 
Other amounts receivable 
96,649 
124,257 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
10,738,158 
11,606,145 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
10,738,158 
11,606,145 
Amounts receivable within one year 
77,832,685 
100,750,066 
Trade debtors 
63,218,414 
70,363,997 
Other amounts receivable 
14,614,271 
30,386,069 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
81,827,787 
70,780,644

--- Page 225 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
225 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
40,055,520 
44,154,853 
TOTAL ASSETS 
1,982,378,038 
2,021,630,736 
 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
757,458,308 
739,761,581 
Capital 
358,498,559 
334,454,013 
Issued capital 
358,498,559 
334,454,013 
Uncalled capital86 
- 
- 
Share premium account 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
174,808,224 
184,172,173 
Reserves 
202,620,399 
198,882,588 
Legal reserve 
595,951 
611,314 
Reserves not available 
24,973,637 
20,752,499 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
24,973,637 
20,752,499 
Untaxed reserves 
730,009 
642,505 
Available reserves 
176,320,802 
176,876,270 
Accumulated profits (losses) (+)/(-) 
20,882,286 
21,630,464 
Investment grants 
648,840 
622,343 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets87 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
6,265,977 
6,484,186 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
5,810,187 
5,891,946 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental liabilities 
5,180,954 
5,204,859 
Other risks and costs 
629,233 
687,087 
Deferred taxes 
455,790 
592,240 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
1,218,653,753 
1,275,384,969 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
1,019,612,195 
1,089,744,232 
Financial debts  
1,019,612,195 
1,089,744,232 
 
86 Amount to be deducted from the issued capital. 
87 Amount to be deducted from the other components of equity.

--- Page 226 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
226 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
1,019,612,195 
1,089,744,232 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
170,168,163 
128,771,111 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
70,132,037 
43,348,191 
Financial debts  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
66,249,962 
54,897,531 
Suppliers  
66,249,962 
54,897,531 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
12,675,626 
13,291,623 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
3,340,605 
10,118,229 
Taxes  
3,340,605 
10,118,229 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
17,769,933 
7,115,537 
Accrued charges and deferred income  
28,873,395 
56,869,626 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
1,982,378,038 
2,021,630,736 
 
4.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating income and charges 
514,494,691 
552,539,078 
Turnover 
497,117,780 
510,907,414 
Increase (decrease) in stocks of finished goods, work 
and contracts in progress (+)/(-) 
-867,987 
1,736,991 
Own construction capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
18,244,898 
27,425,165 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
12,469,508

--- Page 227 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
227 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating charges 
416,105,074 
468,905,522 
Raw materials, consumables 
216,941,782 
232,082,483 
Purchases 
216,941,782 
232,082,483 
Decrease (increase) in stocks (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
123,280,138 
120,711,052 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and amounts written off formation 
expenses, intangible and tangible fixed assets 
65,080,846 
66,263,038 
Increase, Decrease in amounts written off stocks 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
Appropriations 
(write-backs) (+)/(-) 
2,470,163 
2,000,593 
Provisions for risks and charges: Appropriations (uses 
and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-81,760 
-267,859 
Other operating charges 
8,413,905 
8,439,057 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
39,677,158 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
98,389,617 
83,633,556 
Financial income 
10,852,216 
10,428,309 
Recurring financial income 
10,852,216 
10,428,309 
Income from financial fixed assets 
10,542,454 
10,291,181 
Income from current assets 
290,324 
119,637 
Other financial income 
19,438 
17,491 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
33,469,349 
35,297,711 
Recurring financial charges 
33,469,349 
35,297,711 
Debt charges 
33,467,927 
35,296,235 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,422 
1,476 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
75,772,484 
58,764,154 
Transfer from postponed taxes 
6,653 
5,084 
Transfer to postponed taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
22,363,187 
16,592,444

--- Page 228 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
228 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Taxes 
22,366,200 
16,790,339 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
3,013 
197,895 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
53,415,950 
42,176,794 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
53,415,950 
42,176,794 
 
5 
Imewo 
5.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
1,950,325,176 
1,885,715,463 
Intangible fixed assets 
17,858,385 
13,749,312 
Tangible fixed assets 
1,870,116,182 
1,809,592,615 
Land and buildings 
32,665,341 
30,267,180 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,717,383,203 
1,679,743,367 
Furniture and vehicles 
9,105,412 
6,785,858 
Leasing and similar rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
95,098 
112,444 
Tangible assets under construction and advance 
payments made 
110,867,128 
92,683,766 
Financial fixed assets 
62,350,609 
62,373,536 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other enterprises linked by participating interests 
202,723 
225,650 
Participating interests 
202,723 
225,650 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
62,147,886 
62,147,886 
Shares 
62,147,886 
62,147,886 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
164,846,387 
190,502,566 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
17,295,929 
21,954,622

--- Page 229 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
229 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
17,295,929 
21,954,622 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
12,778,491 
13,140,400 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
12,778,491 
13,140,400 
Amounts receivable within one year 
76,085,852 
90,103,794 
Trade debtors 
62,494,616 
67,966,173 
Other amounts receivable 
13,591,236 
22,137,621 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
575 
1,145 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
58,685,540 
65,302,605 
TOTAL ASSETS 
2,115,171,563 
2,076,218,029 
 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
691,725,970 
667,647,056 
Capital 
324,460,515 
301,569,915 
Issued capital 
324,460,515 
301,569,915 
Uncalled capital88 
- 
- 
Share premium account 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
172,809,645 
177,509,382 
Reserves 
170,465,914 
165,369,337 
Legal reserve 
26,860 
26,860 
Reserves not available 
23,429,795 
18,730,058 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
23,429,795 
18,730,058 
 
88 Amount to be deducted from the issued capital.

--- Page 230 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
230 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Untaxed reserves 
843,436 
742,336 
Available reserves 
146,165,823 
145,870,083 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
23,989,896 
23,198,422 
Investment grants 
- 
- 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets89 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
3,562,646 
3,751,421 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
3,281,501 
3,369,176 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
2,266,243 
2,266,243 
Other liabilities and charges 
1,015,258 
1,102,933 
Deferred taxes 
281,145 
382,245 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
1,419,882,947 
1,404,819,552 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
1,088,275,055 
1,171,608,888 
Financial debts  
1,088,275,055 
1,171,608,888 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
1,088,275,055 
1,171,608,888 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
268,096,280 
148,287,224 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
83,333,834 
54,823,586 
Financial debts  
78,985,176 
2,633,044 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
78,985,176 
2,633,044 
Trade debts  
63,587,288 
52,332,818 
 
89 Amount to be deducted from the other components of equity.

--- Page 231 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
231 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Suppliers  
63,587,288 
52,332,818 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
17,127,860 
16,009,677 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
3,184,311 
8,166,535 
Taxes  
3,184,311 
8,166,535 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
21,877,811 
14,321,564 
Accruals and deferred income  
63,511,612 
84,923,440 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
2,115,171,563 
2,076,218,029 
 
5.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating income 
527,487,137 
546,025,757 
Turnover 
510,373,994 
500,363,988 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-361,909 
3,017,427 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
17,475,052 
27,539,507 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
15,104,835 
Operating charges 
433,738,120 
473,394,152 
Raw materials, consumables 
213,582,533 
205,147,598 
Purchases 
213,582,533 
205,147,598 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
134,008,890 
142,519,037 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
72,031,190 
70,540,441 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
1,547,434 
76,840 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-87,675 
-86,164 
Other operating charges 
12,655,748 
11,625,362 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
43,571,038

--- Page 232 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
232 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
93,749,017 
72,631,605 
Financial income 
10,728,197 
10,484,375 
Recurring financial income 
10,728,197 
10,484,375 
Income from financial fixed assets 
10,660,485 
10,406,976 
Income from current assets 
66,563 
69,434 
Other financial income 
1,149 
7,965 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
36,201,197 
38,616,896 
Recurring financial charges 
36,201,197 
38,616,896 
Debt charges 
36,198,522 
38,614,324 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
2,675 
2,572 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
68,276,017 
44,499,084 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
19,405,871 
11,214,555 
Taxes 
19,408,977 
11,214,555 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
3,106 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
48,870,146 
33,284,529 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
48,870,146 
33,284,529 
 
6 
Intergem 
6.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
890,140,107 
871,304,682 
Intangible fixed assets 
8,956,349 
6,845,805 
Tangible fixed assets 
851,066,807 
834,333,015

--- Page 233 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
233 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Land and buildings 
23,508,697 
22,720,365 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
772,135,274 
765,481,111 
Furniture and vehicles 
5,287,127 
3,892,503 
Leasing and similar rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
17,117 
15,868 
Tangible assets under construction and advance 
payments made 
50,118,592 
42,223,168 
Financial fixed assets 
30,116,951 
30,125,862 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
101,275 
110,186 
Participating interests 
101,275 
110,186 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
30,015,676 
30,015,676 
Shares 
30,015,676 
30,015,676 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
112,003,110 
124,614,710 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
13,482,190 
14,531,261 
Trade debtors 
19,337 
43,896 
Other amounts receivable 
13,462,853 
14,487,365 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
6,664,278 
6,939,628 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
6,664,278 
6,939,628 
Amounts receivable within one year 
41,123,037 
52,162,397 
Trade debtors 
32,088,377 
33,217,385 
Other amounts receivable 
9,034,660 
18,945,012 
Current investments 
14,670,143 
14,670,143 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
14,670,143 
14,670,143

--- Page 234 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
234 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Cash at bank and in hand 
626 
681 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
36,062,836 
36,310,600 
TOTAL ASSETS 
1,002,143,217 
995,919,392 
 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
346,845,197 
337,493,752 
Capital 
115,396,966 
107,038,841 
Issued capital 
115,396,966 
107,038,841 
Uncalled capital90 
- 
- 
Share premium account 
9,389,081 
9,389,081 
Revaluation surpluses 
93,280,446 
95,804,205 
Reserves 
114,363,652 
111,684,006 
Legal reserve 
36,730 
36,730 
Reserves not available 
12,642,075 
10,118,315 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
12,642,075 
10,118,315 
Untaxed reserves 
383,175 
337,245 
Available reserves 
101,301,672 
101,191,716 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
14,415,052 
13,577,619 
Investment grants 
- 
- 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets91 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
2,443,000 
2,564,450 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
2,315,275 
2,390,795 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental liabilities 
1,848,794 
1,865,828 
Other risks and costs 
466,481 
524,967 
Deferred taxes 
127,725 
173,655 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
652,855,020 
655,861,190 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
473,974,463 
513,812,982 
 
90 Amount to be deducted from the issued capital. 
91 Amount to be deducted from the other components of equity.

--- Page 235 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
235 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Financial debts  
473,974,463 
513,812,982 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
473,974,463 
513,812,982 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
133,260,393 
76,641,512 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
39,838,519 
25,478,079 
Financial debts  
41,253,975 
7,618,311 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
41,253,975 
7,618,311 
Trade debts  
33,850,932 
28,224,930 
Suppliers  
33,850,932 
28,224,930 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
11,399,510 
9,864,658 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
1,219,634 
2,601,116 
Taxes  
1,219,634 
2,601,116 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
5,697,823 
2,854,418 
Accruals and deferred income  
45,620,164 
65,406,696 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
1,002,143,217 
995,919,392 
 
6.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating income 
255,656,227 
264,335,490 
Turnover 
247,073,379 
240,854,574 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-275,350 
1,354,006 
Own construction capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
8,858,198 
15,124,440

--- Page 236 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
236 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
7,002,470 
Operating charges 
213,421,480 
230,017,138 
Raw materials, consumables 
106,857,969 
103,893,341 
Purchases 
106,857,969 
103,893,341 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
66,725,601 
67,631,116 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
33,957,098 
33,506,863 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
761,739 
90,087 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-75,519 
-211,290 
Other operating charges 
5,194,592 
3,916,227 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
21,190,794 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
42,234,747 
34,318,352 
Financial income 
6,048,657 
5,614,767 
Recurring financial income 
6,048,657 
5,614,767 
Income from financial fixed assets 
4,864,013 
4,749,156 
Income from current assets 
1,183,896 
860,741 
Other financial income 
748 
4,870 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
15,698,367 
16,885,971 
Recurring financial charges 
15,698,367 
16,885,971 
Debt charges 
15,695,547 
16,884,889 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
2,820 
1,082 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
32,585,037 
23,047,148 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
9,271,776 
5,736,728

--- Page 237 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
237 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Income taxes 
9,273,950 
5,936,762 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
2,174 
200,034 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
23,313,261 
17,310,420 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
23,313,261 
17,310,420 
 
7 
Iveka 
7.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
807,469,469 
1,108,519,290 
Intangible fixed assets 
7,822,345 
8,997,648 
Tangible fixed assets 
799,229,845 
1,099,377,167 
Land and buildings 
17,750,900 
24,953,611 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
742,983,062 
1,023,031,289 
Furniture and vehicles 
3,636,595 
3,916,477 
Leasing and similar rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
19,898 
24,576 
Tangible assets under construction and advance 
payments 
34,839,390 
47,451,214 
Financial fixed assets 
- 
- 
Affiliated enterprises 
417,279 
144,475 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other enterprises linked by participating interests 
59,152 
144,383 
Participating interests 
59,152 
144,383 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
358,127 
92 
Shares 
358,127 
- 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
92 
CURRENT ASSETS 
130,764,512 
201,723,144 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
12,053,506 
40,458

--- Page 238 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
238 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Trade debtors 
- 
40,458 
Other amounts receivable 
12,053,506 
- 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
2,700,230 
8,041,238 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
2,700,230 
8,041,238 
Amounts receivable within one year 
65,187,043 
75,550,532 
Trade debtors 
52,689,219 
47,124,671 
Other amounts receivable 
12,497,824 
28,425,861 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
18,288,457 
61,366,318 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
32,535,276 
56,724,598 
TOTAL ASSETS 
938,233,981 
1,310,242,434 
 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
304,541,438 
404,564,149 
Capital 
148,832,525 
186,139,074 
Issued capital 
148,832,525 
186,139,074 
Uncalled capital92 
- 
- 
Share premium account 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
70,730,025 
106,521,878 
Reserves 
80,430,078 
103,109,306 
Legal reserve 
227,792 
98,291 
Reserves not available 
13,581,160 
11,359,847 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
13,581,160 
11,359,847 
 
92 Amount to be deducted from the issued capital.

--- Page 239 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
239 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Untaxed reserves 
372,631 
462,073 
Available reserves 
66,248,495 
91,189,095 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
4,548,810 
7,385,491 
Investment grants 
- 
1,408,400 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets93 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
1,860,985 
3,267,601 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
1,737,713 
2,438,070 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
894,690 
1,281,975 
Other liabilities and charges 
843,023 
1,156,095 
Deferred taxes 
123,272 
829,531 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
631,831,558 
902,410,684 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
501,079,477 
747,674,059 
Financial debts  
501,079,477 
747,674,059 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
501,079,477 
747,674,059 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
111,632,794 
92,377,149 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
39,106,141 
30,406,406 
Financial debts  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
56,416,793 
41,537,687 
Suppliers  
56,416,793 
41,537,687 
 
93 Amount to be deducted from the other components of equity.

--- Page 240 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
240 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
5,762,469 
8,504,649 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
2,652,612 
5,066,990 
Taxes  
2,652,612 
5,066,990 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
7,694,779 
6,861,417 
Accruals and deferred income  
19,119,287 
62,359,476 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
938,233,981 
1,310,242,434 
 
7.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating income 
282,630,656 
380,019,653 
Turnover 
276,387,256 
354,829,162 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-2,874,131 
-4,613,492 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
9,101,034 
18,883,827 
Non-recurring operating income 
16,497 
10,920,156 
Operating charges 
232,600,389 
334,810,346 
Raw materials, consumables 
128,891,569 
163,148,500 
Purchases 
128,891,569 
163,148,500 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
62,130,179 
87,922,097 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
35,578,694 
44,792,631 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
928,393 
545,006 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-34,860 
-45,045 
Other operating charges 
5,067,616 
5,391,584 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
38,798 
33,055,573 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
50,030,267 
45,209,307

--- Page 241 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
241 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Financial income 
373,416 
97,296 
Recurring financial income 
373,416 
97,296 
Income from financial fixed assets 
26,883 
- 
Income from current assets 
335,602 
93,271 
Other financial income 
10,931 
4,025 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
18,254,768 
24,096,578 
Recurring financial charges 
18,254,768 
24,096,578 
Debt charges 
18,253,269 
24,095,655 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,499 
923 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
32,148,915 
21,210,025 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
10,557,989 
7,272,048 
Income taxes 
10,693,667 
7,272,048 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
135,678 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
21,590,926 
13,937,977 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
21,590,926 
13,937,977 
 
8 
Iverlek 
8.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
1,710,713,256 
1,649,618,449 
Intangible fixed assets 
15,903,716 
12,152,976 
Tangible fixed assets 
1,640,465,773 
1,583,116,748 
Land and buildings 
40,014,628 
37,462,369

--- Page 242 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
242 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,501,146,181 
1,461,641,663 
Furniture and vehicles 
8,991,136 
7,426,760 
Leasing and similar rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
38,907 
38,036 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
90,274,921 
76,547,920 
Financial fixed assets 
54,343,767 
54,348,725 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other enterprises linked by participating interests 
190,634 
195,592 
Participating interests 
190,634 
195,592 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
54,153,133 
54,153,133 
Shares 
54,153,133 
54,153,133 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
174,904,991 
201,890,808 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
38,669,444 
43,121,361 
Trade debtors 
- 
32,127 
Other amounts receivable 
38,669,444 
43,089,234 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
8,456,933 
9,749,546 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
8,456,933 
9,749,546 
Amounts receivable within one year 
74,438,838 
86,731,285 
Trade debtors 
60,608,784 
63,462,119 
Other amounts receivable 
13,830,054 
23,269,166 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
675 
525 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
53,339,101 
62,288,091

--- Page 243 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
243 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
TOTAL ASSETS 
1,885,618,247 
1,851,509,257 
 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
651,211,406 
629,151,374 
Capital 
276,863,471 
254,123,046 
Issued capital 
276,863,471 
254,123,046 
Uncalled capital94 
- 
- 
Share premium account 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
146,881,519 
150,860,113 
Reserves 
211,391,003 
207,924,404 
Legal reserve 
48,973 
48,972 
Reserves not available 
19,898,103 
15,919,509 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
19,898,103 
15,919,509 
Untaxed reserves 
1,016,415 
894,581 
Available reserves 
190,427,512 
191,061,342 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
16,075,413 
16,078,454 
Investment grants 
- 
165,357 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets95 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
1,706,122 
1,968,763 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
1,367,317 
1,438,665 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental liabilities 
3,508 
13,851 
Other risks and charges 
1,363,809 
1,424,814 
Deferred taxes 
338,805 
530,098 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
1,232,700,719 
1,220,389,120 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
967,227,968 
1,036,503,627 
Financial debts  
967,227,968 
1,036,503,627 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
 
94 Amount to be deducted from the issued capital. 
95 Amount to be deducted from the other components of equity.

--- Page 244 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
244 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
967,227,968 
1,036,503,627 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
215,639,614 
122,682,838 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
69,275,659 
41,525,988 
Financial debts  
63,085,870 
8,042,279 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
63,085,870 
8,042,279 
Trade debts  
56,065,313 
47,066,716 
Suppliers  
56,065,313 
47,066,716 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
11,406,476 
11,977,288 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
2,315,824 
6,124,579 
Taxes  
2,315,824 
6,124,579 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
13,490,472 
7,945,988 
Accruals and deferred income  
49,833,137 
61,202,655 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
1,885,618,247 
1,851,509,257 
 
8.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating income 
473,105,643 
485,321,769 
Turnover 
456,768,023 
448,175,351 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-1,292,614 
-53,600 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
17,501,757 
27,788,851 
Non-recurring operating income 
128,477 
9,411,167 
Operating charges 
390,302,158 
416,597,716

--- Page 245 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
245 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Raw materials, consumables 
200,120,403 
190,945,659 
Purchases 
200,120,403 
190,945,659 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
112,645,324 
118,227,803 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
64,243,063 
62,378,656 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
1,785,592 
310,407 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-71,348 
-60,264 
Other operating charges 
11,579,124 
8,840,857 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
35,954,598 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
82,803,485 
68,724,053 
Financial income 
10,169,790 
9,930,914 
Recurring financial income 
10,169,790 
9,930,914 
Income from financial fixed assets 
9,855,012 
9,618,807 
Income from current assets 
313,771 
305,900 
Other financial income 
1,007 
6,207 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
31,370,108 
33,110,165 
Recurring financial charges 
31,370,108 
33,110,165 
Debt charges 
31,368,261 
33,109,134 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,847 
1,031 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
-- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
61,603,167 
45,544,802 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
17,432,195 
11,730,067 
Taxes 
17,435,735 
11,730,067

--- Page 246 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
246 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
3,540 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
44,170,972 
33,814,735 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
44,170,972 
33,814,735 
 
9 
PBE 
9.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
222,218,025 
215,236,169 
Intangible fixed assets 
803,138 
346,080 
Tangible fixed assets 
198,564,069 
190,968,139 
Land and buildings 
9,224,853 
8,783,140 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
165,435,179 
162,723,643 
Furniture and vehicles 
744,802 
786,520 
Leasing and similar rights 
48,932 
71,401 
Other tangible fixed assets 
- 
- 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
23,110,303 
18,603,434 
Financial fixed assets 
22,850,818 
23,921,951 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
12,655,026 
13,786,379 
Participating interests 
12,655,026 
13,786,379 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
10,195,792 
10,135,571 
Shares 
10,195,667 
10,135,446 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
125 
125 
CURRENT ASSETS 
55,647,015 
59,079,671 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
29,963,139 
29,193,946 
Trade debtors 
400,895 
425,044 
Other amounts receivable 
29,562,245 
28,768,902

--- Page 247 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
247 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
118,729 
1,062,349 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
118,729 
1,062,349 
Amounts receivable within one year 
11,042,452 
9,330,072 
Trade debtors 
3,603,680 
2,746,151 
Other amounts receivable 
7,438,772 
6,583,921 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
192,919 
417,351 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
14,329,776 
19,075,953 
TOTAL ASSETS 
277,865,040 
274,315,841 
 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
170,527,861 
170,642,016 
Capital 
7,976 
54,848 
Issued capital 
31,905 
78,777 
Uncalled capital 
23,929 
23,929 
Share premium account 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
37,579,178 
38,635,573 
Reserves 
132,940,707 
131,951,595 
Legal reserve 
11,264 
11,264 
Reserves not available 
69,016,286 
67,959,891 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
69,016,286 
67,959,891 
Untaxed reserves 
211,313 
215,626 
Available reserves 
63,701,844 
63,764,814 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
- 
- 
Investment grants 
- 
-

--- Page 248 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
248 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
2,490,782 
2,377,227 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
2,420,000 
2,305,000 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
- 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
2,420,000 
2,305,000 
Deferred taxes 
70,782 
72,227 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
104,846,397 
101,296,598 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
62,220,749 
63,996,260 
Financial debts  
62,220,749 
63,996,260 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
54,082 
79,593 
Credit institutions  
10,166,667 
11,916,667 
Other loans  
52,000,000 
52,000,000 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
37,406,885 
29,327,319 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
1,774,533 
4,219,714 
Financial debts  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
4,295,127 
3,981,880 
Suppliers  
4,295,127 
3,981,880 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
757,997 
454,452 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
- 
2,322,795 
Taxes  
- 
1,377,080 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
945,715 
Other amounts payable  
30,579,227 
18,348,477

--- Page 249 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
249 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Accruals and deferred income  
5,218,764 
7,973,018 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
277,865,040 
274,315,841 
 
9.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating income 
61,906,503 
64,286,491 
Turnover 
59,235,521 
56,442,733 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-943,620 
1,037,652 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
3,614,602 
6,806,106 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
55,191,172 
57,357,594 
Raw materials, consumables 
24,554,304 
23,748,063 
Purchases 
24,554,304 
23,748,063 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
16,540,885 
6,867,172 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
4,301,118 
14,962,047 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
7,387,898 
7,018,220 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
58,811 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
115,000 
-174,800 
Other operating charges 
751,708 
864,483 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
1,540,259 
4,013,598 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
6,715,332 
6,928,898 
Financial income 
4,222,779 
3,702,302 
Recurring financial income 
4,215,869 
3,702,302 
Income from financial fixed assets 
1,831,131 
1,314,197 
Income from current assets 
9,891 
13,018 
Other financial income 
2,374,846 
2,375,087 
Non-recurring financial income 
6,910 
-

--- Page 250 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
250 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Financial charges 
2,590,400 
2,897,523 
Recurring financial charges 
2,590,400 
2,897,523 
Debt charges 
2,585,851 
2,895,3533 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
4,549 
2,170 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
8,347,710 
7,733,677 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
1,445 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
2,351,624 
1,917,113 
Taxes 
2,571,190 
2,297,047 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
219,566 
379,935 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
5,997,531 
5,816,564 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
4,313 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
6,001,843 
5,816,564 
 
10 
Riobra 
10.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
212,800,901 
208,097,114 
Intangible fixed assets 
722,808 
580,775 
Tangible fixed assets 
212,042,766 
207,130,188 
Land and buildings 
486,450 
450,268 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
180,285,735 
176,417,578 
Furniture and vehicles 
29,853 
17,835 
Leasing and similar rights 
46,671 
11,087 
Other tangible fixed assets 
- 
- 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
31,194,057 
30,233,420 
Financial fixed assets 
35,327 
386,152

--- Page 251 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
251 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
35,327 
386,152 
Participating interests 
35,327 
386,152 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
- 
- 
Shares 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
22,614,217 
27,761,788 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
- 
- 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
- 
- 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable within one year 
22,608,136 
25,389,149 
Trade debtors 
177,717 
1,936,538 
Other amounts receivable 
22,430,418 
23,452,611 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
4,323 
2,370,879 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
1,759 
1,759 
TOTAL ASSETS 
235,415,118 
235,858,902 
 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
207,235,666 
208,838,379 
Capital 
150,684,156 
153,131,301

--- Page 252 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
252 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Issued capital 
150,684,156 
153,131,301 
Uncalled capital 
- 
- 
Share premium account 
1,634,634 
1,634,634 
Revaluation surpluses 
- 
- 
Reserves 
10,635,241 
9,080,452 
Legal reserve 
1,148,073 
1,070,334 
Reserves not available 
- 
- 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Available reserves 
9,487,168 
8,010,118 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
- 
- 
Investment grants 
44,281,636 
44,991,993 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
234,000 
- 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
234,000 
- 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
- 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
234,000 
- 
Deferred taxes 
- 
- 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
27,945,452 
27,020,523 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
18,284,460 
19,008,588 
Financial debts  
18,284,460 
19,008,588 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
10,000,000 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
34,460 
8,588 
Credit institutions  
8,250,000 
- 
Other loans  
10,000,000 
9,000,000 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
-

--- Page 253 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
253 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Amounts payable within one year  
9,639,797 
8,011,935 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
758,721 
760,248 
Financial debts  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
93,717 
42 
Suppliers  
93,717 
42 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
1,892 
42,448 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
14,550 
290,785 
Taxes  
14,550 
9,764 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
281,021 
Other amounts payable  
8,770,917 
6,918,412 
Accruals and deferred income  
21,195 
- 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
235,415,118 
235,858,902 
 
10.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating income 
16,401,288 
16,451,685 
Turnover 
16,345,525 
16,387,282 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
55,762 
64,403 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
15,012,567 
13,998,211 
Raw materials, consumables 
- 
- 
Purchases 
- 
- 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
4,676,680 
2,552,776 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
691,703 
2,219,475 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
6,397,376 
6,161,442

--- Page 254 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
254 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
234,000 
- 
Other operating charges 
3,012,809 
3,064,519 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
- 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
1,388,721 
2,453,474 
Financial income 
905,764 
978,662 
Recurring financial income 
905,764 
978,662 
Income from financial fixed assets 
- 
7,608 
Income from current assets 
86,490 
214,964 
Other financial income 
819,274 
756,090 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
733,082 
761,270 
Recurring financial charges 
733,082 
761,270 
Debt charges 
732,515 
760,749 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
567 
521 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
1,561,403 
2,670,866 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
6,613 
1,756 
Taxes 
6,613 
1,756 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
1,554,790 
2,669,110 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
1,554,790 
2,669,110

--- Page 255 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
255 
11 
Sibelgas 
11.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
196,947,883.64 
193,514,199.66 
Intangible fixed assets 
1,995,757.22 
1,532,553.83 
Tangible fixed assets 
194,925,188.28 
191,956,407.02 
Land and buildings 
1,878,990.67 
1,664,707.26 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
181,416,081.96 
179,837,710.41 
Furniture and vehicles 
669,460.05 
524,330.63 
Leasing and similar rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
7,355.70 
7,238.61 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
10,953,319.90 
9,922,420.11 
Financial fixed assets 
26,938.14 
25,238.81 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
26,938.14 
25,238.81 
Participating interests 
26,938.14 
25,238.81 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
- 
- 
Shares 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
28,595,550.84 
35,323,274.37 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
52,893.67 
131,513.46 
Trade debtors 
52,893.67 
131,513.46 
Other amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
759,345.57 
703,514.64 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
759,345.57 
703,514.64

--- Page 256 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
256 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Amounts receivable within one year 
8,369,994.25 
10,508,431.22 
Trade debtors 
7,958,022.60 
9,360,522.97 
Other amounts receivable 
411,971.65 
1,147,908.25 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
979.16 
5,129.55 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
19,412,338.19 
23,974,685.50 
TOTAL ASSETS 
225,543,434.48 
228,837,474.03 
 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
73,995,373.47 
73,943,876.99 
Capital 
70,923,545.67 
70,923,545.67 
Issued capital 
70,923,545.67 
70,923,545.67 
Uncalled capital96 
- 
- 
Share premium account 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
- 
- 
Reserves 
1,893,060.52 
1,643,024.30 
Legal reserve 
24,789.35 
24,789.35 
Reserves not available 
- 
- 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Available reserves 
1,868,271.17 
1,618,234.95 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
1,178,767.28 
1,377,307.02 
Investment grants 
- 
- 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets97 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
53,170.70 
62,620.70 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
53,170.70 
62,620.70 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
 
96 Amount to be deducted from the issued capital. 
97 Amount to be deducted from the other components of equity.

--- Page 257 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
257 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
- 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
53,170.70 
62,620.70 
Deferred taxes 
- 
- 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
151,494,890.31 
154,830,976.34 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
112,594,294.67 
121,511,916.69 
Financial debts  
112,594,294.67 
121,511,916.69 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
112,594,294.67 
121,511,916.69 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
28,224,161.46 
19,726,294.45 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
8,917,622.02 
4,740,436.36 
Financial debts  
8,045,676.29 
1,726,317.33 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
8,045,676.29 
1,726,317.33 
Trade debts  
6,730,323.88 
5,784,762.26 
Suppliers  
6,730,323.88 
5,784,762.26 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
1,822,228.55 
1,601,579.05 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
144,292.60 
1,047,140.23 
Taxes  
144,292.60 
1,047,140.23 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
2,564,018.12 
4,826,059.22 
Accruals and deferred income  
10,676,434.18 
13,592,765.20 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
225,543,434.48 
228,837,474.03

--- Page 258 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
258 
11.2 Income statement 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Operating income 
61,965,519.97 
62,745,713.23 
Turnover 
58,020,420.62 
56,106,644.98 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
55,830.93 
466,571.55 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
3,889,268.42 
4,765,563.66 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
1,406,933.04 
Operating charges 
50,992,770.45 
53,520,094.73 
Raw materials, consumables 
25,545,103.88 
24,406,706.45 
Purchases 
25,545,103.88 
24,406,706.45 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
15,356,183.67 
15,262,809.99 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
8,103,781.98 
8,134,437.21 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
186,357.03 
-24,065.59 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-9,450.00 
-6,615.00 
Other operating charges 
1,810,793.89 
1,282,394.94 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
4,464,426.73 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
10,972,749.52 
9,225,618.50 
Financial income 
14,448.89 
8,335.60 
Recurring financial income 
14,448.89 
8,335.60 
Income from financial fixed assets 
- 
- 
Income from current assets 
14,309.16 
7,145.59 
Other financial income 
139.73 
1,190.01 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
3,667,449.28 
3,844,082.72 
Recurring financial charges 
3,667,449.28 
3,844,082.72 
Debt charges 
3,666,135.23 
3,842,997.78

--- Page 259 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
259 
 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,314.05 
1,084.94 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
7,319,749.13 
5,389,871.38 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
2,535,537.20 
1,767,939.68 
Taxes 
2,536,437.91 
1,767,939.68 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
900.71 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
4,784,211.93 
3,621,931.70 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
4,784,211.93 
3,621,931.70

--- Page 260 ---
260 
ISSUER 
Fluvius System Operator CV 
Brusselsesteenweg 199 
9090 Melle 
Belgium 
 
GUARANTORS 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
Antwerpsesteenweg 260 
2660 Antwerp (Hoboken) 
Belgium 
Fluvius Limburg 
Trichterheideweg 8 
3500 Hasselt 
Belgium 
Fluvius West 
Noordlaan 9 
8820 Torhout 
Belgium 
Gaselwest 
President Kennedypark 12 
8500 Kortrijk 
Belgium 
Imewo 
Brusselsesteenweg 199 
9090 Melle 
Belgium 
Intergem 
Franz Courtensstraat 11 
9200 Dendermonde 
Belgium 
Iveka 
Koningin Elisabethlei 38 
2300 Turnhout 
Belgium 
Iverlek 
Aarschotsesteenweg 58 
3012 Leuven (Wilsele) 
Belgium 
PBE 
Diestsesteenweg 148 
3210 Lubbeek 
Belgium 
Riobra 
Oude Baan 148 
3210 Lubbeek 
Belgium 
Sibelgas 
Stadhuis, Grote Markt 
1800 Vilvoorde 
Belgium 
 
CO-ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Karel Rogierplein 11 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Warandeberg 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
PAYING AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT AND LISTING AGENT 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Karel Rogierplein 11 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium

--- Page 261 ---
261 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
to the Issuer and the Guarantors 
to the Co-Arrangers and the Dealers 
Linklaters LLP 
Brederodestraat 13 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Louizalaan 65, box 2 
1050 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
AUDITORS 
to the Issuer 
to the Guarantors 
EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12 
9051 Ghent 
Belgium 
EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12 
9051 Ghent 
Belgium