--- Page 1 ---
A50416785 
 
FLUVIUS SYSTEM OPERATOR CV 
organised as a cooperative company (coöperatieve vennootschap/société coopérative) under Belgian law 
Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium 
BE 0477.445.084 (RLE Ghent, section Ghent) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
guaranteed on a several but not joint basis by 
Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas 
Under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Guaranteed Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (which expression shall include this base 
prospectus as amended and/or supplemented from time to time and all documents incorporated by reference herein, the “Base Prospectus”), Fluvius System Operator CV (the 
“Issuer”) may from time to time issue notes denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) (the “Notes”). The aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currencies). The Notes are guaranteed by Fluvius Antwerpen, 
Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas (each a “Guarantor” and together the “Guarantors”), each on a several but 
not joint basis, subject to the pro rata limitations set out in their respective guarantee (each a “Guarantee”). 
Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions herein. Notes to be issued under the Programme may be Fixed 
Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes (each as defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’) or a combination of the foregoing, depending on the Interest 
and Redemption basis (each as defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’) specified in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below). The Notes will be issued in the 
Specified Denomination(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. The minimum Specified Denomination of the Notes shall be at least EUR 1,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency). The Notes have no maximum Specified Denomination. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealers specified below and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
The English version of this Base Prospectus has been approved on 6 June 2023 by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en 
Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers) (the “FSMA”) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). It contains information relating to the issue by the Issuer of Notes under the Programme and must be read in conjunction with the documents incorporated by reference 
herein. The FSMA has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. This 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantors nor of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in any Notes. This Base Prospectus has been prepared in English and has been translated into Dutch. Although Noteholders may 
base themselves on the translated version of the Base Prospectus in the context of their contractual relationship with the Issuer and the Guarantors, without prejudice to the responsibility 
of the Issuer and the Guarantors for inconsistencies between the different language versions of the Base Prospectus, in case of inconsistencies between the English and Dutch language 
versions of the Base Prospectus, the English version will prevail. 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels (“Euronext Brussels”) for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of approval of the 
Base Prospectus to be listed on Euronext Brussels and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being 
“listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes are to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The regulated market of Euronext 
Brussels is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments and amending 
Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”). The Issuer may also issue Notes which are not listed or request the listing of Notes on any other stock 
exchange or market. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months from its date of approval. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the provisions 
of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations), as amended (the “Belgian Companies 
and Associations Code”) and cannot be physically delivered. The Notes will be represented exclusively by book entry in the records of the securities settlement system operated by 
the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the “NBB-SSS”). The Notes can be held by their holders through direct participants in the NBB-SSS, whose 
membership extends to securities such as the Notes (each a “Participant”) and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through any Participant. 
Information on the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes, the issue price of such Notes and other information which is applicable to 
each Tranche (as defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’) of such Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be delivered to the 
FSMA and Euronext Brussels on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Brussels will be published 
on the website of the Issuer (https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations/ratings-and-bonds/bonds). 
The Issuer has been rated A3 by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”) and A by Creditreform Rating AG (“Creditreform”). The Guarantors are not rated. Each of Moody’s and 
Creditreform is established in the European Union (the “EU”) and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”). 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. When an issue of a certain Series (as defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’) of Notes is rated, its rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the credit rating applicable to the Issuer and such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any 
Series of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant 
Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Notes issued under this Programme constitute debt instruments. An investment in such Notes involves risks. By subscribing to the Notes, investors lend money to the Issuer 
who undertakes to pay interest (if any) and to reimburse the principal on the maturity date. In case of bankruptcy or default by the Issuer or the Guarantors, however, 
investors may not recover the amounts they are entitled to and risk losing all or a part of their investment. Prospective investors should furthermore take into account the 
risks relating to the enforcement of the Guarantees as indicated in the risk factor entitled “The enforcement of the Guarantees is subject to limitations stemming from the 
particular nature of the Guarantors” in Part II – ‘Risk factors’. Each prospective investor must carefully consider whether it is suitable for that investor to invest in the 
Notes in light of its knowledge and financial experience and should, if required, obtain professional advice. Prospective investors should read the Base Prospectus in its 
entirety and, in particular, the risk factors described under Part II – ‘Risk factors’ before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks 
and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the Notes. In case of an issue of Green Notes, investors should in particular read the risk factors entitled “Notes issued 
as Green Notes may not meet investor expectations or requirements (including any green or sustainable performance objective) and/or may not be aligned with the final version 
of the European green bond standard or any other sustainability-related regulations, each of which would not amount to an Event of Default or a breach of contract by the Issuer, 
may affect the value of such Green Notes and/or may have adverse consequences for investors.”, “The application of an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of Green 
Notes to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Projects may not be capable of being (timely) implemented or may not be totally or partially disbursed as planned for reasons 
that are outside the Issuer’s control or which the Issuer is not able to anticipate as at the Issue Date of the relevant Green Notes, which would not amount to an Event of Default 
or a breach of contract by the Issuer and may impact the value of the Green Notes” and “The Second Party Opinion does not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
Green Notes and any withdrawal of such opinion may affect the value of Green Notes” which set out, among other things, the risk that the use of proceeds of any Green Notes 
does not necessarily meet the requirements set out in the Green Financing Framework of the Issuer or certain investor expectations or requirements (including under any 
future applicable regulations).  
Co-Arrangers of the Programme 
BELFIUS BANK 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS 
Dealers of the Programme 
BELFIUS BANK 
BNP PARIBAS FORTIS 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 6 June 2023.

--- Page 2 ---
Important information 
2 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
In this Base Prospectus, references to the “Fluvius Economic Group” are to the Issuer, its subsidiaries, joint ventures 
and associated companies (being, on the date of this Base Prospectus, Atrias CV, De Stroomlijn CV, Fluvius OV, 
Interkabel and Synductis CV) and the Guarantors. 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purpose of giving the necessary information with regard to the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Notes which, 
according to the particular nature of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Notes, is material to enable investors to make 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and its impact on 
the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out in Part IV – ‘Terms and Conditions of the Notes’, as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements thereto and all documents which are 
incorporated herein by reference (see Part III – ‘Documents incorporated by reference’) and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, is to be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. Unless specifically incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on websites mentioned herein does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers accepts any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by a Co-Arranger or a 
Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantors or the issue and offering of the Notes or for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer, the Guarantors or any other person (other than the relevant Co-Arranger or Dealer) 
in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. Each of the Co-Arrangers and the Dealers accordingly 
disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise which they might otherwise have in 
respect of this Base Prospectus, any such statement or any such act or omission. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential 
purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Co-Arrangers or 
the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantors during the life of 
the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes 
of any information coming to the attention of any of the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers. None of the Issuer, the 
Guarantors, the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Notes issued as 
“Green Notes” to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. None of the Co-
Arrangers or the Dealers have undertaken, or are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any 
verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects (as defined in Part IX – ‘Green Financing Framework’) meet the 
eligibility criteria or any monitoring of the use of proceeds. Nothing in this Base Prospectus should however be 
construed as limiting the protections given to potential investors under mandatory investor protection rules, including 
such rules under MiFID II (as defined below). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantors or such other information as is in the public domain and, if

--- Page 3 ---
Important information 
3 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, 
the Guarantors or any of the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantors since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been 
no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or 
trading position of the Issuer or the Guarantors since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. If at any time during the life of the Programme the Issuer shall be required to 
prepare a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available 
an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Guarantors, the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should 
make its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes 
and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement and all information contained in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
assess and evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and 
the impact such investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
consider whether it has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the relevant Notes, including where the currency for principal and/or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
assess and evaluate thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and make themselves familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices, interest rates and financial markets; and 
(v) 
evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate 
and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation, by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal investments for 
it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase 
or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come, 
are required by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Co-Arrangers and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see Part XI 
– ‘Subscription and sale’.

--- Page 4 ---
Important information 
4 
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any U.S. State securities laws. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes 
and the Guarantees may not be offered or sold within the United States. The Notes and the Guarantees are being 
offered and sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, the 
Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA and therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA 2000”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium – If “Prohibition of Sales to Consumers” is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, such Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium by any Dealer to any “consumer” (consument/ 
consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de 
droit économique), as amended. 
Eligible investors – If “X-only Issuance” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Notes 
may be held only by, and transferred only to, eligible investors referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree 
of 26 May 1994, holding their securities in an exempt securities account that has been opened with a financial 
institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the NBB-SSS. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate 
may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate 
whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to

--- Page 5 ---
Important information 
5 
Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a 
particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the 
relevant Final Terms (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The 
registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer and the Guarantors do not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change 
in the registration status of the administrator. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE AND TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT 
For each issue of Notes, the Dealers acting as manufacturers in respect of the Notes pursuant to MiFID II will produce 
and communicate to the Issuer the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and determine which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. The Final Terms in respect of such Notes will include a legend entitled 
“MiFID II product governance” which will outline the relevant target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under MiFID II, as applicable. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Co-
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
Any determination of the target market by the Dealers acting as manufacturers in respect of an issue of Notes does 
not affect the requirements of any contractual, legal or regulatory selling restriction applicable to the relevant issuance 
or offer of Notes. In order to avoid any doubt, any such determination may not be considered as (a) an evaluation of 
the suitability or of the appropriateness of an investment in the Notes for a particular investor for the purpose of 
MiFID II or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in, to purchase or to take any other 
measure relating to the Notes, and is the exclusive responsibility of the Dealers acting as manufacturers in respect of 
the that issue of Notes. 
Nothing stated herein should be construed as limiting the protections granted to potential investors under mandatorily 
applicable investor protection rules, including any such rules included in MiFID II. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE AND TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT 
For each issue of Notes, the Dealers acting as manufacturers in respect of the Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”) will produce and communicate to 
the Issuer the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and determine which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. The Final Terms in respect of such Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR product 
governance” which will outline the relevant target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment, subject to the UK distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under UK MiFIR, as applicable. However, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its

--- Page 6 ---
Important information 
6 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a UK manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Co-Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a UK manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Any determination of the target market by the Dealers acting as manufacturers in respect of an issue of Notes does 
not affect the requirements of any contractual, legal or regulatory selling restriction applicable to the relevant issuance 
or offer of Notes. In order to avoid any doubt, any such determination may not be considered as (a) an evaluation of 
the suitability or of the appropriateness of an investment in the Notes for a particular investor for the purpose of UK 
MiFIR or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in, to purchase or to take any other 
measure relating to the Notes, and is the exclusive responsibility of the Dealers acting as manufacturers in respect of 
the that issue of Notes. 
Nothing stated herein should be construed as limiting the protections granted to potential investors under mandatorily 
applicable investor protection rules, including any such rules included in UK MiFIR. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “euro”, “EUR” 
and “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, when 
those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total. 
The statements in this Base Prospectus with respect to market and other industry data have been accurately 
reproduced from independent industry publications and reports by research firms or other published independent 
sources and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from such sources, no facts have been omitted which 
would render such information inaccurate or misleading. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
provided that each of the Guarantors will only be responsible for the information relating to itself and its respective 
Guarantee, being the information contained in the section entitled ‘Risk factors relating to the Issuer, the Guarantors 
and the Fluvius Economic Group’ of Part II – ‘Risk Factors’, the information contained in Part III – ‘Documents 
incorporated by reference’ relating to each relevant Guarantor, the information contained in Part VI – ‘Form of the 
Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letters’, the information contained in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors’ relating to each relevant Guarantor, the information contained in Part XIV – ‘General 
Information’ and the information contained in the Annex – ‘Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor’ 
relating to each Guarantor. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantors (each of the Guarantors 
however only with respect to the information for which it is responsible), the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in English and has been translated into Dutch. The Issuer and the Guarantors 
are responsible for the consistency between the English and the Dutch language versions of this Base Prospectus, 
provided that each of the Guarantors will only be responsible for the translation of the information relating to itself 
and its respective Guarantee. Although Noteholders may base themselves on the translated version of the Base 
Prospectus in the context of their contractual relationship with the Issuer and the Guarantors, without prejudice to 
the responsibility of the Issuer and the Guarantors for inconsistencies between the different language versions of the

--- Page 7 ---
Important information 
7 
Base Prospectus, in case of inconsistencies between the English and Dutch language versions of the Base Prospectus, 
the English language version will prevail. 
The Final Terms relating to a particular Tranche of Notes will be prepared in English. For Notes which have a 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), a summary will be prepared in 
English and will be annexed to the relevant Final Terms in accordance with Articles 8 j° 7 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. To the extent required by Article 27 of the Prospectus Regulation, a translation of the summary will be 
prepared. The summary shall, pursuant to Article 9 of the Belgian Law of 11 July 2018 on the offer of investment 
instruments to the public and the admission of investment instruments to trading on a regulated market, be translated 
either in Dutch and French or, if the marketing materials and other documents and notices are disseminated in Dutch 
or French only, in that language only. Although Noteholders will be able to base themselves on the translated versions 
of the summary in the context of their contractual relationship with the Issuer and the Guarantors, without prejudice 
to the responsibility of the Issuer and the Guarantors for inconsistencies between the different language versions of 
the summary, in case of inconsistencies between the different language versions of the summary, the English language 
version will prevail. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Issuer’s or 
Guarantors’ business strategies, trends in its business, competition and competitive advantage, regulatory changes 
and restructuring plans. 
Words such as “believes”, “expects”, “projects”, “anticipates”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “intends”, “plans” or similar 
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such 
statements. The Issuer nor the Guarantors intend to update these forward-looking statements except as may be 
required by applicable securities laws. 
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, 
and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied in forward-looking 
statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors could cause actual results, performance or 
achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in such 
forward-looking statements. These factors include: (i) the ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and access to capital 
markets; (ii) market and interest rate fluctuations; (iii) the strength of the global economy in general and the strength 
of the economy of Belgium and the Flemish Region; (iv) the potential impact of sovereign risk in certain European 
Union countries; (v) adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies; (vi) the ability of counterparties to meet their 
obligations to the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Fluvius Economic Group; (vii) the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, 
monetary, trade and tax policies, financial and company regulation and currency fluctuations; (viii) the possibility of 
the imposition of foreign exchange controls by government and monetary authorities; (ix) operational factors, such 
as systems failure, human error, or the failure to implement procedures properly; (x) actions taken by regulators with 
respect to the Issuer’s, the Guarantors’ and/or the Fluvius Economic Group’s business and practices; (xi) the adverse 
resolution of litigation and other contingencies; (xii) the medium- to long-term impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on 
the Fluvius Economic Group’s operations and financial position; (xiii) geopolitical developments which have a 
negative impact on financial markets in general and the bond markets in particular and (xiv) the Issuer’s, the 
Guarantors’ and/or the Fluvius Economic Group’s success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing.  
The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive. When evaluating forward-looking statements, investors 
should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as the other risks identified 
in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
Important information 
8 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, 
the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of 
the Notes. 
In case of an offer of Notes to the public, investors shall have the right, exercisable within two working days after 
the publication of the supplement, to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy referred to above arose or was noted before the closing of the offer period or the 
delivery of the relevant Notes, whichever occurs first, in accordance with Article 23(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The supplement shall in such case include information on the right of withdrawal, including the final date of the right 
of withdrawal. In case the relevant Notes are purchased or subscribed through a financial intermediary, that financial 
intermediary shall (i) inform investors of the possibility of a supplement being published, where and when it would 
be published and that the financial intermediary would assist them in exercising their right to withdraw acceptances 
in such case and (ii) contact investors on the day when a supplement is published, each in accordance with Article 
23(3) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (the 
“Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is 
made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person 
acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
Table of contents 
9 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................. 2 
TABLE OF CONTENTS ............................................................................................................................................ 9 
PART I – OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .....................................................................................................10 
PART II – RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................................................16 
PART III – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...........................................................................43 
PART IV – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................53 
PART V – SETTLEMENT ........................................................................................................................................85 
PART VI – FORM OF THE GUARANTEE AND THE GUARANTEE CONFIRMATION LETTERS .................86 
PART VII – DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS ..........................................................94 
PART VIII – USE OF PROCEEDS .........................................................................................................................206 
PART IX – GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK ................................................................................................207 
PART X – TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................213 
PART XI – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..............................................................................................................223 
PART XII – IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES ..................227 
PART XIII – FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................232 
PART XIV – GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................................257 
ANNEX – BALANCE SHEET AND INCOME STATEMENT OF EACH GUARANTOR ..................................260

--- Page 10 ---
Overview of the Programme 
10 
PART I – OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the relevant Final Terms. This overview must be read as an introduction in conjunction with the other parts of the 
Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated therein). Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based 
on a consideration by the investor of the Base Prospectus as a whole and the relevant Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. 
Words and expressions defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and Conditions of the Notes’ shall have the same meanings in this 
overview. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS 
Issuer: 
Fluvius 
System 
Operator 
CV, 
a 
cooperative 
company 
(coöperatieve 
vennootschap/société cooperative) organised under the laws of Belgium, having its 
registered office at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium and registered with 
the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-
Carrefour des Entreprises) under number 0477.445.084 (RLE Ghent, section Ghent). 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300WSQWO0M3PK2J78. 
Guarantors: 
Notes issued by the Issuer are guaranteed on a several but not joint basis, subject to the 
pro rata limitations as set out in the Guarantees and the relevant Final Terms (provided 
that, in aggregate, the sum of the amounts of the Notes covered by such Guarantees in 
each case adds up to 100% of the amount of the Notes issued), by each of: 
Fluvius 
Antwerpen, 
a 
mission 
entrusted 
association 
(opdrachthoudende 
vereniging/association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at Antwerpsesteenweg 260, 2660 Antwerp (Hoboken), 
Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van 
Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) under number 0212.704.370 (RLE 
Antwerp, section Antwerp). 
Fluvius 
Limburg, 
a 
mission 
entrusted 
association 
(opdrachthoudende 
vereniging/association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at Trichterheideweg 8, 3500 Hasselt, Belgium and registered 
with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-
Carrefour des Entreprises) under number 0207.165.769 (RLE Antwerp, section 
Hasselt). 
Fluvius West, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ 
association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, having its 
registered office at Noordlaan 9, 8820 Torhout, Belgium and registered with the 
Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-
Carrefour des Entreprises) under number 0205.157.176 (RLE Ghent, section Ostend). 
Intercommunale Maatschappij voor Gas en Elektriciteit van het Westen (Gaselwest), a 
mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ association chargée de 
mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, having its registered office at President 
Kennedypark 12, 8500 Kortrijk, Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for

--- Page 11 ---
Overview of the Programme 
11 
Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0215.266.160 (RLE Ghent, section Kortrijk). 
Intercommunale Maatschappij voor Energievoorziening in West- en Oost-Vlaanderen 
(Imewo), a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/association 
chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, having its registered office 
at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium and registered with the Crossroads 
Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des 
Entreprises) under number 0215.362.368 (RLE Ghent, section Ghent). 
Intercommunale Vereniging voor Energieleveringen in Midden-Vlaanderen (Intergem), 
a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ association chargée de 
mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, having its registered office at Franz 
Courtensstraat 11, 9200 Dendermonde, Belgium and registered with the Crossroads 
Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des 
Entreprises) under number 0220.764.971 (RLE Ghent, section Dendermonde). 
Intercommunale Vereniging voor de Energiedistributie in de Kempen en het Antwerpse 
(Iveka), a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/association 
chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, having its registered office 
at Koningin Elisabethlei 38, 2300 Turnhout, Belgium and registered with the 
Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-
Carrefour des Entreprises) under number 0222.030.426 (RLE Antwerp, section 
Turnhout). 
Iverlek, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ association 
chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, having its registered office 
at Aarschotsesteenweg 58, 3012 Leuven (Wilsele), Belgium and registered with the 
Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-
Carrefour des Entreprises) under number 0222.343.301 (RLE Leuven). 
Provinciale Brabantse Energiemaatschappij (PBE), a mission entrusted association 
(opdrachthoudende vereniging/association chargée de mission) organised under the 
laws of Belgium, having its registered office at Diestsesteenweg 126, 3210 Lubbeek, 
Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van 
Ondernemingen/ Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) under number 0203.563.111 (RLE 
Leuven). 
Riobra, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ association 
chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, having its registered office 
at Oude Baan 148, 3210 Lubbeek, Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank 
for 
Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank 
van 
Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour 
des 
Entreprises) under number 0878.051.819 (RLE Leuven). 
Sibelgas, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ association 
chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, having its registered office 
at Stadhuis, Grote Markt, 1800 Vilvoorde, Belgium and registered with the Crossroads 
Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des 
Entreprises) under number 0229.921.078 (RLE Brussels, Dutch-speaking division). 
Principal activities of 
the Issuer and the 
Guarantors: 
The management and operation of multi-utility grids (distribution of electricity and gas, 
district heating, sewerage, cable TV infrastructure and data).

--- Page 12 ---
Overview of the Programme 
12 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). 
Co-Arrangers: 
Belfius Bank SA/NV and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV. 
Dealers: 
Belfius Bank SA/NV, BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and BNP Paribas. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer under the 
Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches (as 
defined below) or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base 
Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to 
such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme 
(and whose appointment has not been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more 
Tranches. 
Paying Agent, 
Calculation Agent 
and Listing Agent: 
Belfius Bank SA/NV. 
Size: 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currencies) aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding at any one time pursuant to the Programme. The Issuer 
may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement (as defined in Part XI – ‘Subscription and sale’). 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or a non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”). Each Series may comprise one or 
more tranches (each a “Tranche”) issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount of 
the first payment of interest may be different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes 
of each Tranche will be subject to identical terms in all respects. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be 
issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturity: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note will have the maturity as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that no Notes will be issued with a 
maturity of less than one year. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest:  
Notes to be issued under the Programme (i) bear interest calculated by reference to a 
fixed rate of interest (such Note, a “Fixed Rate Note”), (ii) bear interest calculated by 
reference to a floating rate of interest (such Note, a “Floating Rate Note”), (iii) do not 
bear interest (such Note, a “Zero Coupon Note”) or (iv) are a combination of the 
foregoing, depending on the Interest and Redemption basis specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The method of calculating interest (if any) may vary between the issue date and the 
maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 13 ---
Overview of the Programme 
13 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap transaction 
in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., including, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the ISDA 
Benchmark Supplement; or 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a commercial 
quotation service set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or 
both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to 
issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount or premium to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Specified 
Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be (i) such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and (ii) in any case, not less 
than EUR 1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
rank and shall at all times rank pari passu and rateably, without any preference among 
themselves, and equally with all other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, save for 
such obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of 
general application. 
Status of the 
Guarantees: 
The obligations of each Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of such Guarantor and rank and shall at all times rank equally 
with all other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
relevant Guarantor from time to time outstanding (save for certain obligations required 
to be preferred by law). 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption amounts 
payable. Notes will be redeemed either (i) at 100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount 
or (ii) at an amount per Calculation Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will state either that the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed 
prior to their stated maturity (other than following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable, as the case may be (i) at the option of the Issuer (either in

--- Page 14 ---
Overview of the Programme 
14 
whole or in part), (ii) at the option of the Noteholders, (iii) for taxation reasons, (iv) at 
a make whole redemption amount on the Make Whole Call Redemption Date (as 
defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’), (v) on a Residual Maturity 
Call Optional Redemption Date (as defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and conditions of the 
Notes’) and/or (vi) upon a Substantial Repurchase Event (as defined in Part IV – ‘Terms 
and conditions of the Notes’). In case the Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity, the relevant Final Terms will state the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or by a clearing 
system and/or a participant in a clearing system in respect of the Notes shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within Belgium or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional or further amounts in respect of 
such withholding or deduction. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if both “Tax Call Option” and “Prohibition of Sales to 
Consumers” are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, 
subject to customary exceptions provided in Condition 7 (Taxation), pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain a negative pledge provision as further 
described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross-Default: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain a cross-default provision as further 
described in Condition 9(c) (Cross-Default). 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies 
and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des 
Sociétés et des Associations), as amended, and cannot be physically delivered. The 
Notes will be represented exclusively by book entry in the records of the NBB-SSS 
operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the 
“NBB-SSS”). The Notes can be held by their holders through direct participants in the 
NBB-SSS, whose membership extends to securities such as the Notes (each 
a “Participant”) and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the 
Notes through any Participant. The Notes are accepted for settlement through the NBB-
SSS and are accordingly subject to the applicable Belgian regulations, including the 
Belgian Act of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities, its implementing 
Belgian Royal Decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 (each as amended or re-
enacted or as their application is modified by other provisions from time to time) and 
the Terms and Conditions governing the participation in the NBB-SSS and its annexes, 
as issued or modified by the NBB from time to time. The Noteholders will not be 
entitled to exchange the Notes into notes in bearer form.

--- Page 15 ---
Overview of the Programme 
15 
Governing Law and 
Jurisdiction: 
The Notes and the Guarantees and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and the Guarantees are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Belgian law. 
The courts of Brussels, Belgium have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes. If the “Prohibition of Sales to 
Consumers” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the submission 
to jurisdiction is without prejudice to Article 624, 1°, 2° and 4° of the Belgian Judicial 
Code. 
Ratings: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and 
Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on Euronext Brussels and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Brussels. 
The Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further 
stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation 
to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued. 
The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchange and/or market. 
US Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 1. TEFRA is not applicable to the Notes, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes. 
See Part XI – ‘Subscription and sale’.

--- Page 16 ---
Risk factors 
16 
PART II – RISK FACTORS  
This section sets out the risks which the Issuer and the Guarantors believe are specific to them, the Fluvius Economic 
Group and/or the Notes and which are deemed to be material to investors for making an informed investment decision 
in respect of Notes issued under the Programme. Any such factors may affect the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ ability 
to fulfil their obligations under such Notes. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and 
the inability of the Issuer and the Guarantors to fulfil their obligations under any Notes may occur for other reasons 
which may not be considered material risks by the Issuer and the Guarantors based on the information currently 
available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
In accordance with the requirements of the Prospectus Regulation, the most material risk factors within each 
category have been presented first according to an assessment made by the Issuer and the Guarantors based on the 
probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The exact order in which the 
remaining risk factors are presented is not necessarily indicative of the probability of those risks actually occurring 
or of the scope of any potential negative impact thereof. 
Prospective investors should carefully assess all of the risk factors described in this section and should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including in any documents incorporated by reference 
herein, and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision, and should consult with their own 
professional advisers if they consider it necessary. 
Terms defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and Conditions of the Notes’ shall have the same meaning where used in this 
section. Any reference to any code, law, decree, regulation, directive or any implementing or other legislative measure 
shall be construed as a reference to such code, law, decree, regulation, directive or implementing or other legislative 
measure as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated and/or replaced from time to time. 
Due to the particular structure of the Fluvius Economic Group, all risk factors set out below relate to this economic 
group as a whole and not just to the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTORS AND THE FLUVIUS ECONOMIC GROUP 
Risks related to the regulatory and legislative framework 
The Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ revenues, and the conduct of their activities, are dependent on actions and decisions 
of regulatory and legislative bodies. As for the year 2022, 94.7% of the Fluvius Economic Group’s turnover was 
derived from regulated activities (being the distribution of electricity and gas). In the same year, approximately 
another 3.2% of the Fluvius Economic Group’s turnover was derived from sewerage, which is also subject to tariff 
regulations. The related risks mainly include the following: 
The Issuer and the Guarantors are subject to extensive and evolving regulations and legislation which may affect 
their operational and financial performance. 
The Issuer’s and Guarantors’ activities are subject to extensive regulations and legislation at three levels: European, 
Belgian federal and Flemish regional. For an overview of the current regulatory and legislative framework applicable 
to the Guarantors, please refer to section 4 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework applicable to the Guarantors’ in 
Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
The applicable regulatory and legislative framework for gas and electricity distribution has been amended over the 
course of 2021 and 2022, amongst other things to implement elements of the Clean Energy Package1 that fall within 
 
1 
Please see section 9.2 – ‘Trends in the energy sector’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’ for further information on 
the Clean Energy Package.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk factors 
17 
the regional competences, which have led to increased requirements and obligations on distribution system operators 
(“DSOs”) such as certain of the Guarantors, including regarding energy efficiency and performance, and onshore 
renewables. It is expected to further evolve in the future. In the coming years, further amendments can in particular 
be expected to the Flemish legislative framework, notably in response to anticipated future European legislation that 
may result from the vast set of legislative proposals (including on carbon pricing, energy efficiency, energy 
performance and renewables) that have been published by the European Commission to achieve its Green Deal 
targets (as set out in the EU Climate Law) and which are in various stages of the legislative process (i.e. the “Fit for 
55” package, as amended by the REPowerEU proposals), as well as the recently proposed Electricity Market Design 
reform.2 Given its role as operator of critical infrastructure in the distribution of electricity and gas, the Fluvius 
Economic Group is bound to play an important role in the decarbonisation of society. While it has an ambitious plan 
to fulfil that role, including an ambitious capex plan, the timely achievement of the EU’s Green Deal goals and targets 
will depend on many different actors and circumstances, including legislative change, which are beyond the Issuer’s 
influence. In addition, there is a risk that the implementation of the 2023-2032 Energy & Climate Transition 
investment plan, which has been approved by the VREG (but is subject to annual updates), incurs substantial delays 
due to, among other things, a shortage of materials and components. The Issuer follows all these developments 
closely as a key stakeholder and remains committed to complying with its evolving legal and regulatory obligations 
in the most timely and efficient manner. 
Other aspects related to the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ activities that might change due to legislative or regulatory 
measures (often resulting from the transposition of European legislation as referred to above) are, for example, the 
public service obligations (the introduction of new public service obligations and the extension or withdrawal of 
existing ones), additional capex requirements for the Guarantors and restrictions within the frameworks of the energy 
transition, the climate objectives, technological progress and others.3 All of such amendments may negatively impact 
the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ operations and profitability or impose substantial encumbrances on the operational 
efficiency of the Issuer and Guarantors. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Future changes in public service 
obligations may require the Issuer and the Guarantors to pre-finance certain costs vis-à-vis their customers, having 
a negative impact on their liquidity position”. 
The Fluvius Economic Group is also subject to regulatory and legislative requirements in relation to their sewerage 
activities. For these activities, the applicable European and Flemish legislation requires that the existing sewerage 
systems are enhanced and that large parts of the current sewerage infrastructure are gradually replaced by a split 
system for wastewater and rain. There remain uncertainties about the timeline and volume of the investments that 
will be required for implementing these obligations and the modifications to the tariffs that subsequently will have 
to be implemented to absorb these investments. Depending on the measures which would be imposed and how they 
will be financed, such investments might lead to an adverse change in the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ financial 
position and outcomes. For more information, please refer to section 3.4 – ‘Organisation of the Flemish sewerage 
market’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’.  
For the cable television activity, the Belgian Institute for Postal Services & Telecommunication (the “BIPT”) takes 
up the role of regulator. BIPT’s regulatory impact on the Issuer is currently limited and is expected to remain limited 
(or even be further reduced) in the context of the development of the deployment of NetCo (as further described in 
section 2.2 – ‘A brief history of the Guarantors’ and under the heading “Fast data network” of section 4.3 – 
‘Regulatory and contractual framework for Flemish CATV intermunicipalities’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the 
 
2 
Please see section 9.2 – ‘Trends in the energy sector’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’ for further information on 
the Fit for 55 package, REPowerEU and the proposed Electricity Market Design reform. 
3 
One recent change introduced on 18 March 2022 and amended on 17 June 2022, which is worth mentioning, is the end of the right to connect 
to the public gas distribution system of residential and non-residential buildings for which an environment (single) permit for new constructions 
is requested as of 1 January 2025.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk factors 
18 
Issuer and the Guarantors’). Depending on the portion of “operator”4 activities then transferred to NetCo, the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors will be less engaged in activities of data communication networks.  
Any further developments of, and changes to, the regulatory and legislative framework governing the activities of 
the Issuer and the Guarantors, including those adopted in the context of the EU’s climate agenda and the energy 
transition and energy independence aims, as well as the interplay between regulations and legislations at the various 
levels, may cause uncertainty and can affect the activities, financial condition and results of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors as such developments and changes can impose more extensive requirements and obligations on the Issuer 
and the Guarantors. Failure to meet such regulatory and legislative requirements could also result in administrative 
actions and sanctions, which could adversely affect the Issuer and the Guarantors and, therefore, the position of the 
Noteholders, as this can lead to difficulties in satisfying the payment obligations under the Notes. In addition, any 
amendment to the Belgian institutional framework, including in relation to the division of competences between the 
federal and the regional level, may also impact the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ roles and responsibilities. Finally, 
future evolutions in the Flemish context for regulating utility services, such as the possible merger of regulators (for 
energy, water, telecom, etc.) or more intense data exchanges between these regulators, might also impact the Issuer’s 
and/or Guarantors’ operations and, therefore, their financial position and results. 
Future changes to gas, electricity and/or sewerage tariffs or tariff methodologies, for example if these are not in line 
with the European internal energy market (if applicable), may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the 
Guarantors’ assigned credit ratings, ability to obtain funding and, hence, on their operational performance. 
The revenue and profitability of the Issuer and the Guarantors are to a large extent dependent on a tariff methodology 
applied during a set tariff period (for electricity and gas distribution this is typically 4 years), which will drive the 
financial income which the Issuer and the Guarantors can accumulate in relation to their activities. 
The competence relating to the grid distribution tariffs for electricity and gas sits with the regional regulators. In the 
Flemish Region, the Flemish Regulator of the Electricity and Gas Market (the “VREG”) is fully vested with the 
powers to determine the tariff methodology and approve the distribution tariffs, including the tariff methodology for 
the upcoming regulatory period 2025-2028. 
Both the VREG and the Flemish Government are, however, bound by the general principles enshrined in the Third 
Energy Package5 , (for electricity) the Clean Energy Package (and to extent the proposals become law, the Fit for 55 
package and proposed Electricity Market Design reform), all consisting of a set of (amendments to) EU Directives 
and Regulations relating to the European internal energy market. In particular, the VREG needs to bear in mind that 
the tariff methodology should guarantee the long-term ability of the system to meet reasonable demands for the 
distribution of electricity and gas. In addition, the tariff methodology should allow the Guarantors to ensure the 
necessary investments in their networks to be carried out in a manner allowing those investments to ensure the 
viability of the networks. Increasingly, tariff legislation places a focus on the facilitation and incentivising of 
flexibility, demand-response, distributed generation, storage and energy efficiency services, including through 
aggregation or via energy sharing/communities, by providers independent from the DSOs (including 
non-discriminatory network access for these providers and their customers). 
The parameters of a future tariff methodology established by the VREG, including the methodology for the next 
regulatory period 2025-2028, may lead to a reduction of the allowed income or otherwise have adverse consequences 
for the Issuer and the Guarantors. For example, for the current regulatory period 2021-2024, the tariff methodology 
 
4 
An operator is “a person or an undertaking providing a public electronic communications network or a publicly available electronic 
communications service” (Article 2,11°, of the Telecom Act of 13 June 2005).  
5 
Please see section 2.4 – ‘Regulatory framework for the Flemish energy DSOs (electricity and gas)’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors’ for further information on the Third Energy Package. The Clean Energy Package did not substantially change these 
principles.

--- Page 19 ---
Risk factors 
19 
provides for a fixed cost of debt that is taken into account when calculating the allowed income of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors. Any real cost of debt in excess of the percentage predetermined by the VREG cannot be recovered 
through the distribution tariffs, with adverse consequences for the Issuer and the Guarantors. The adverse 
consequences of the 2021-2024 tariff methodology may be further exacerbated by the more volatile macroeconomic 
environment and rising inflation and interest rates. Furthermore, the methodology for the regulatory period 2021-
2024 has resulted and is expected to continue to result in a downward trend for the revenues and cash flows that can 
be generated by the Guarantors in their regulated businesses of electricity and gas distribution. It also inspired 
Moody’s and Creditreform’s decisions at that time to lower the Issuer’s credit rating outlook, which called for a 
number of mitigating actions taken by the Issuer and the Guarantors. For more information in relation to the current 
tariff methodology for grid distribution and the underlying principles of the methodology, please refer to section 
4.1.3 – ‘Tarification principles (2021-2024) – allowed income model’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors’. 
Even though the Issuer and Guarantors are of the opinion that the 2021-2024 tariff methodology negatively impacts 
the Guarantors’ financial position, the VREG argues that the general principles of the Third Energy Package and the 
Clean Energy Package are still respected and that the methodology allows the necessary investments to be made in 
order to ensure the long-term viability of the energy distribution grids. Accordingly, it is uncertain to what extent the 
general principles will still be taken into account by the Flemish Government and/or by the VREG with respect to 
future regulatory and/or legislative changes and tariff methodologies. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors can predict how the Flemish Government, the VREG or any other competent 
authority will establish future tariff frameworks and, in particular, what the impact will be on the then applicable 
distribution tariffs. Future actions and/or interpretations by the Flemish Government and/or by the VREG may impact 
the financial condition, the assigned credit rating and the quality of service of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors and 
impact their capacity to invest in their activities and obtain funding. As a result, this could adversely affect the 
position of the Noteholders as this could limit the possibility for the Issuer and the Guarantors to meet their 
obligations under the Notes. 
As to the sewerage tariffs, the sewerage operators themselves can decide on the tariffs, albeit within the limits set by 
the applicable tariff structure and the applicable maximum tariff. Please refer to the paragraph entitled ‘Contribution 
and compensation’ in section 3.4 – ‘Organisation of the Flemish Sewerage Market’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the 
Issuer and the Guarantors’ for further details in this respect. The future evolution of the maximum tariff, if negative 
or insufficient to cover increased investments, entails a particular risk for the financial position of the Guarantors 
with such sewerage activities and, therefore, of the Issuer. 
The settlement of deviations from budgeted values and actual values may impact the financial condition of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors and, more specifically, their liquidity position and profitability. 
Grid distribution tariffs are set pursuant to forecasts of volumes of gas and electricity distributed over the grids, costs 
and revenues. Deviations between real volumes of gas and electricity distributed and budgeted volumes and between 
effectively incurred costs and revenues and budgeted costs and revenues can result in a “regulated debt” or a 
“regulated receivable”, which is recognised on an accrual account. The financial settlement of any such deviations 
is taken into account when setting the tariffs for the next period. In the short term, this process may, however, have 
important temporary effects on the liquidity position of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors. For 2022, the Fluvius 
Economic Group noticed a decline in the volumes of gas consumption compared to 2021. Please also refer to the risk 
factor “Risk of financial impact due to general sharp increases in energy prices”. 
Regardless of deviations between forecasted parameters and actually incurred costs and revenues, the VREG takes 
the final decision as to whether the incurred costs and revenues are deemed reasonable to be included in the tariff 
calculation. This decision can result in the acceptance or rejection of such costs or revenues. To the extent that certain 
elements are rejected, the corresponding amounts will not be taken into account for the setting of tariffs for the next

--- Page 20 ---
Risk factors 
20 
period. While the Issuer and/or the Guarantors can ask for a judicial review of any such decision by the VREG, any 
such rejection of costs (if confirmed) may be more significant in the future and have an overall negative impact on 
the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ profitability and, therefore, on the Noteholders (in particular where Notes are issued 
with a long maturity). For further information on how the distribution tariffs are applied, please refer to section 4.1.3 
– ‘Tarification principles (2021-2024) – allowed income model’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors’. 
The Issuer’s approval as operating company and the Guarantors’ DSO licenses may be terminated early or not 
renewed, which would have negative consequences on the Issuer’s and the relevant Guarantors’ activities and 
revenue streams. 
The Guarantors6 were originally appointed (“licensed”) as DSOs on 5 September 2002 (for electricity) and on 
14 October 2003 (for gas) for a period of 12 years, each time pursuant to a decision of the VREG. These appointments 
were renewed upon the expiry of the 12-year period. 
The relevant Guarantors’ DSO licenses for electricity were renewed on 30 September 2014 (PBE), 27 January 2015 
(Fluvius West), 3 February 2015 (Gaselwest, Intergem, Imewo, Iverlek, Iveka and Sibelgas), 24 February 2015 
(Fluvius Limburg) and 25 April 2019 (Fluvius Antwerpen). All renewals are for a twelve-year period starting on 5 
September 2014 and expiring on 5 September 2026.7 All relevant Guarantors’ DSO licenses for gas were renewed 
on 29 September 2015, except for Fluvius Antwerpen, whose license was renewed on 25 April 2019. All renewals 
are for a twelve-year period starting on 14 October 2015 and expiring on 14 October 2027. 
The Issuer was approved as the operating company of the individual Guarantors pursuant to a decision of the VREG 
of 26 June 2018 for a duration parallel to the duration of the appointment of the individual Guarantors as DSO for 
electricity and/or gas. The VREG can withdraw its approval of the Issuer as operating company if the Issuer no longer 
complies with the criteria of its appointment (i.e., the same as for the DSO license and regarding the control of the 
DSO over the operating company) and the unbundling requirements. 
The DSO license is automatically terminated in the event of bankruptcy8, liquidation or merger. In addition, the 
VREG can revoke a Guarantor’s DSO license in accordance with the Flemish Decree of 8 May 2009 containing 
general provisions on energy policy, as amended9 (the “Energy Decree”) in each of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
a significant change in the shareholding of the DSO or its operating company that may jeopardise the 
independent grid operation or the data management activities; 
(ii) 
a heavy breach by the DSO or its operating company of its obligations under the Energy Decree and 
implementing legislation; and 
(iii) 
a heavy breach of compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation10 (the “GDPR”). 
If the license of a Guarantor as a DSO or the approval of the Issuer as the Guarantors’ operating company is 
terminated before the expiry of the appointment or approval or is not renewed upon termination, there may be 
material, negative consequences on the Issuer’s and the relevant Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams. As a 
 
6 
This excludes, in relation to electricity and gas distribution, Riobra, and in relation to gas distribution only, PBE. 
7 
For the sake of completeness, it can be noted that Fluvius Limburg was finally appointed as DSO for the territory of the municipality of Voeren 
by a decision of the VREG of 7 November 2016, for a twelve-year period starting on 1 January 2016 and expiring on 1 January 2028. 
8 
It should be noted that in their current capacity the Guarantors are not subject to bankruptcy proceedings. Please also refer to the risk factor 
entitled “The Guarantors cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings and, potentially along with the Issuer, benefit from immunity of 
execution, which limits the enforcement options of the Noteholders”. 
9 
Decreet van 8 mei 2009 houdende algemene bepalingen betreffende het energiebeleid. 
10 Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to 
the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.

--- Page 21 ---
Risk factors 
21 
consequence, this could lead to the Issuer and/or the Guarantors being unable to satisfy their payment obligations 
under the Notes, including the reimbursement of the Notes upon their maturity, and may therefore adversely impact 
the return which a Noteholder may receive. Any such impact would be even more significant where the licenses of 
the Guarantors and the approval of the Issuer as the Guarantors’ operating company would be terminated at the same 
time. 
The Guarantors cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings and, potentially along with the Issuer, benefit from 
immunity of execution, which limits the enforcement options of the Noteholders. 
The Guarantors, which are public law entities pursuant to the Flemish Decree of 22 December 2017 on local 
government, as amended11 (the “Local Government Decree”), cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings under 
Book XX of the Belgian Code of Economic Law. Investors should, however, note that the winding-up or dissolution 
of any of the Guarantors or any of the Guarantors ceasing or threatening to cease to carry on all or substantially all 
of its business or operations, except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, 
reorganisation, merger, consolidation or solvent reorganisation, constitutes an Event of Default under the Conditions 
of the Notes. 
In addition, the Guarantors are public law entities. Under Belgian law, such entities have the duty at all times to 
perform their tasks of public service (based on the concept of the continuity of the public service). Pursuant to 
Article 1412bis of the Belgian Judicial Code, assets owned by a public law entity (such as the Guarantors) benefit 
from an immunity of execution as a result of which they cannot be seized. This immunity of execution does not apply 
to assets that are manifestly not useful for the performance or the continuity of the public service, and is not to be 
considered as an immunity of jurisdiction. Investors should note that almost all of the assets for electricity 
distribution, gas distribution, public lighting and sewerage are deemed to fall within this category of non-seizable 
assets, amounting to more than 80% of the Guarantors’ total assets as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The above has as a consequence that for example the distribution grid infrastructure (such as cables and pipelines) 
owned by a Guarantor cannot be seized by the Noteholders in case of a default. Although this limits the enforcement 
by creditors of the obligations of the Guarantors, the benefit is that the relevant Guarantor will be in a position to 
continue performing its duties of public service and, thus, generating revenues. 
Given the Issuer’s activities, there may be an argument that the Issuer’s assets would also benefit from immunity of 
execution. This argument is not entirely convincing, mainly because the Issuer is not a public law entity. The 
immunity of execution of the Issuer can, however, not be excluded if and to the extent the Issuer’s properties or assets 
are deemed essential for the performance of its public service obligations.  
Any of the circumstances set out above limit to a large extent the enforcement possibilities of Noteholders in case of 
a default of any of the Guarantors or the Issuer, which can impact the return they would receive on their Notes. Please 
also refer to the risk factor entitled “The enforcement of the Guarantees is subject to limitations stemming from the 
particular nature of the Guarantors”. 
The Issuer, regulatory changes or legislative changes may initiate a possible merger of DSOs leading to a likely tariff 
harmonisation which may alter the Fluvius Economic Group’s financial position and prospects. 
It cannot be excluded that the Issuer will in the future initiate a process for merging some or all of the current 
Guarantors, with a potential impact on the tariffs applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. While such a merger, 
either involving some or all DSOs, would be intended to generate more efficiency and synergies in grid operations 
and in the administrative support, it may, if implemented, also lead to the competent regulator(s) imposing additional 
 
11 Decreet van 22 december 2017 over het lokaal bestuur.

--- Page 22 ---
Risk factors 
22 
measures on the Issuer and/or the relevant Guarantors, e.g. in the form of extra cost savings, additional restrictions 
on operations, etc. Such measures might be harmful to the Issuer’s and or the Guarantors’ financials and prospects.  
In this respect, regulatory or legislative changes could also put forward the requirement of mergers and/or 
restructurings. This could then have an impact on the revenues and, therefore, the financial position of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors, potentially impacting their possibility to satisfy the obligations under the Notes. 
A failure of the Issuer to remain appointed as operating company of the Guarantors would seriously endanger the 
Issuer’s viability. 
The Guarantors as the Issuer’s shareholders have appointed the Issuer as their operating company. This appointment 
is in line with the Energy Decree, which enables DSOs to make use of a common operating company. 
There is, however, a risk that some or all of the Guarantors which are currently using the Issuer as their operating 
company decide to terminate their cooperation with the Issuer. Any such termination would seriously endanger the 
Issuer’s viability and its ability to repay the principal and/or the interest (if any) on the Notes, as this would impact 
its revenues from the Guarantors and, therefore, its overall financial position. 
In practice, this risk is mitigated for Noteholders by the continued existence of the Guarantees and the fact that, 
pursuant to the Local Government Decree, every termination of cooperation by a Guarantor requires the approval by 
the General Shareholders’ Meeting of the relevant Guarantor with a majority of at least 75 per cent. It is, however, 
not excluded that notwithstanding these restrictions the appointment of the Issuer as operating company would be 
terminated. In such case, the position and duties of the Guarantors would in principle not be called into question as 
the Guarantees would remain binding contractual obligations notwithstanding such termination. Noteholders could 
therefore, in case the Issuer cannot satisfy its obligations under the Notes, call upon the Guarantees. A Noteholder 
who wishes to call upon the Guarantees by the Guarantors will, however, be required to proceed individually against 
each Guarantor. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The enforcement of the Guarantees is 
subject to limitations stemming from the particular nature of the Guarantors”. Investors should furthermore note that 
failure to remain appointed as operating company constitutes an Event of Default under the Conditions of the Notes. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The Issuer’s approval as operating company and the Guarantors’ DSO 
licenses may be terminated early or not renewed, which would have negative consequences on the Issuer’s and the 
relevant Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams”. 
The fixed duration of a Guarantor may not be extended, or the Guarantors may fail to retain their participating 
members, which could weaken their overall credit quality. 
In line with their legal obligations and the requirements of the Local Government Decree, the Guarantors have been 
established for a limited but renewable term of 18 years. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the statutory end 
dates of the respective Guarantors are as follows: 29 March 2037 for Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius 
West, Gaselwest, Intergem, Imewo, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE and Sibelgas and 24 November 2023 for Riobra. The 
proposed renewal of the term of Riobra until 29 March 2037, is scheduled for approval at its general shareholders’ 
meeting taking place on 28 June 2023. For further information, please refer to section 2.4 – ‘The status of the 
Guarantors under public law and the regulatory regime’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
If the shareholders of a Guarantor do not decide, in accordance with the procedure contained in the relevant articles 
of association and the Local Government Decree, to renew the term of the relevant Guarantor at its then current 
statutory end date, the relevant Guarantor will be dissolved and put into liquidation. Furthermore, even if a 
Guarantor’s shareholders decide to renew the term of that Guarantor, each of the municipalities has the right to step 
out of a Guarantor effective as at its then current statutory end date. 
If the decision is made not to renew the term or if a municipality decides to step out of the Guarantor, this may lead 
to a loss or reduction of the relevant Guarantor’s operating profits and scale, with commensurate impact on the Issuer.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk factors 
23 
If a municipality were to resign from a Guarantor, it will be entitled to its proportional share in the net assets of that 
Guarantor (including any proceeds of the Notes that may have been on-lent by the Issuer to the relevant Guarantors). 
The Noteholders would not have a direct claim against the resigning municipality and will only retain recourse 
against the relevant Guarantor. 
Any of the above circumstances may negatively impact the relevant Guarantor’s and the Issuer’s financial condition 
and liquidity position and their ability to meet their (re-)payment obligations under the Notes. 
Future changes in public service obligations may require the Issuer and the Guarantors to pre-finance certain costs 
vis-à-vis their customers, having a negative impact on their liquidity position. 
The Flemish Government has imposed a number of public service obligations on the Issuer and the Guarantors. These 
obligations are, amongst other things, related to public lighting, the rollout of digital meters, social measures (such 
as the placement of budget meters), the financial support for the development of renewable energy and rational use 
of energy (RUE) and the Guarantors’ role as supplier of last resort. It should be noted that, by decision of the Flemish 
Government, the public service obligation of operating the municipal public lighting was abolished as from 1 January 
2022 onwards. For further information on certain of these obligations, please also refer to section 3.6 – ‘Other 
activities of the Issuer and the Guarantors’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
Such future public service obligations can potentially lead to substantial pre-financing needs at the level of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors and therefore the incurrence of additional debt on a short and/or long term, which may occur 
at less favourable terms. A deteriorating debt profile may lead to a lower credit rating and higher funding costs for 
the Fluvius Economic Group. 
For example, as a financial support mechanism, the Flemish Government has introduced a system of green 
certificates and combined heat and power (CHP) certificates. To support the secondary market for these certificates 
(which had become inefficient) and incentivise investment in renewables, an obligation was placed on the Guarantors 
to purchase those certificates at a guaranteed minimum price, combined with a temporary immobilisation (banking) 
obligation pursuant to which those certificates are gradually released back into the market, or as the case may be 
permanently immobilised (cancelled). This entails a mechanism whereby financial expenses are incurred, which can 
only be recovered (wholly or in part) by the Guarantors at a later date (i.e., in the next tariff period), therefore 
impacting their liquidity position. For further information in relation to the impact of the green and co-generation 
certificate support mechanism imposed by the Flemish authorities, please also refer to section 4.1.3 – ‘Tarification 
principles (2021-2024) – allowed income model’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
Another example of such public service obligation is the fact that, under the current legislative and regulatory 
framework, the Guarantors also act as social supplier for end consumers. The potential impact of this obligation has 
increased due to an increasing number of residential consumers in Flanders facing payment difficulties in light of 
recent increases of the energy prices and, subsequently, their commercial energy suppliers terminating their energy 
contracts. In addition, in case of bankruptcy of commercial energy suppliers, the Guarantors become the responsible 
supplier of last resort for the affected end consumers, which entails a pre-financing risk for the Guarantors. In this 
respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Risk of financial impact due to general sharp increases in energy 
prices”. 
The costs (including prepayments) incurred for the performance of any public service obligations by the Issuer and 
the Guarantors are, in principle, passed on to the end consumers through the distribution tariffs, either directly as 
exogenous costs or indirectly as endogenous costs taken into account for the calculation of the allowed income for 
the next tariff period. The Issuer and the Guarantors can ask the VREG to adapt the tariffs to cover any gaps between 
expenses and tariff revenues caused by the performance of certain public service obligations. However, due to the 
timing difference which generally occurs between the incurrence and the recovery of such costs (as the case may be, 
in the next tariff period), the costs of performing the public service obligation are usually pre-financed by the Issuer

--- Page 24 ---
Risk factors 
24 
and/or the Guarantors which, consequently and depending on the overall debt profile of the Issuer and related funding 
costs, may negatively impact the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantors’ financial position. 
Operational risks related to the business activities of the Fluvius Economic Group 
The Issuer operates facilities that may cause significant harm to its personnel or third parties, which may expose the 
Issuer to claims for damages, or that may be subject to service disruptions in case of accidents, impact of climate 
change or external attacks. 
The Issuer operates facilities that may cause significant harm to the human environment or for which accidents or 
external attacks may have serious consequences. Incidents in this respect might also have judicial consequences and 
result in claims by third parties for damage compensation payments. The Issuer permanently tries to mitigate this 
type of risks by investing in the training of its own staff and personnel of the subcontractors it employs in the areas 
of security processes, the correct use of infrastructure and tools, and correct signalisation. Despite all of these 
precautionary measures, however, incidents cannot be entirely ruled out. 
Since the gas and electricity distribution systems operated by the Issuer cover large geographic areas, and although 
all reasonable precautions and safety measures have been put in place, these are vulnerable to possible acts of 
sabotage, terrorism and cyber-attacks. Any such acts may significantly disrupt the continuity of service and impact 
the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ businesses, with potentially adverse consequences for the Noteholders if the Issuer 
and the Guarantors are as a consequence thereof not able to satisfy their obligations under the Notes. 
Furthermore, the Issuer and the Guarantors’ assets could in the future be impacted and damaged by the effect of 
extreme weather conditions. While the flooding in the summer of 2021 mainly affected the Walloon region, it cannot 
be excluded that similar or comparable events resulting from the impact of climate change could affect the Issuer 
and the Guarantors’ infrastructure and assets in the future. Moreover, extreme rainfall may in the future require 
further investments in the sewerage systems in order to enable them to better cope with the risk of flooding. 
The ICT systems and processes used by the Issuer, which are essential for its operations, may fail. 
The Issuer’s operations depend, to a large extent, on ICT systems (including hardware and software, but also a 
telecommunications network used for communication purposes). These ICT systems are essential for an efficient and 
reliable operation of the electricity and gas networks operated by the Issuer. A failure in its ICT systems or processes 
may result in below-par quality of service and a discontinuity of service delivery to end consumers with the potential 
to negatively impact the financial performance of the Issuer. This financial impact could, for example, follow from 
the requirement for the Issuer to undertake (substantial) investments in order to solve the relevant problems and/or 
from penalisations imposed by the regulator. Any failure may furthermore lead to a negative market perception of 
the Issuer. 
The Issuer has taken extensive protective measures with a view to safeguard its ICT systems. These measures cannot, 
however, guarantee that system failures will not occur. The Issuer has furthermore prepared a business continuity 
planning which contains an extensive set of measures in case of a failure of its ICT systems and processes. This tool 
should enable the Issuer to resume its activities as soon as possible and to the largest extent possible in the case of a 
calamity, but it will likely not be able to prevent all possible impact of such failure on the Issuer’s systems and the 
Fluvius Economic Group’s activities as a whole. Hence, the risk remains that the protective measures and the business 
continuity planning of the Issuer would prove to be inadequate and that the Issuer and the Fluvius Economic Group 
are negatively affected. 
The Fluvius Economic Group databases may be deficient, hacked or subject to cyber-attacks; the data managed by 
it may be incorrect and it may be in breach of GDPR. 
The Fluvius Economic Group collects and stores sensitive data, its own business data, data relating to its customers 
and data of its suppliers and business partners in internal databases. Such data relate, for example, to usage, customer

--- Page 25 ---
Risk factors 
25 
addresses and the status of customers as protected customer. The sensitivity of these data increases with the rollout 
of the digital meters, as this allows the Fluvius Economic Group to collect additional and more detailed usage data 
per end customer. 
In this respect, the different entities of the Fluvius Economic Group are subject to several privacy and data protection 
rules and regulations, including the GDPR. The Energy Decree lists a number of tasks of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors in relation to data management. In addition, it imposes specific obligations in relation to confidentiality 
of commercially sensitive information, non-discrimination and the processing of personal data obtained from digital, 
electronic and analogous meters, in accordance with the GDPR. Compliance with these obligations is monitored and 
sanctioned by the VREG (subject to certain specific powers of the responsible officer for data protection and the 
Flemish Privacy Commission) and require continuous adaptation of the processes and the putting in place of new 
processes to ensure compliance. Non-compliance can have a far-reaching impact, taking into account the fact that 
the VREG can revoke a Guarantor’s DSO license in accordance with the Energy Decree in case of a heavy breach of 
compliance with the GDPR. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The Issuer’s approval as 
operating company and the Guarantors’ DSO licenses may be terminated early or not renewed, which would have 
negative consequences on the Issuer’s and the relevant Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams”. 
If the data in the databases turn out to be insufficient or incorrect, such a situation may severely hinder the Issuer and 
the Guarantors in carrying out their duties, which is expected to result in additional costs or losses. In this respect, 
contractual agreements have been put in place between the grid operators and the relevant commercial energy 
suppliers regarding incorrect data being supplied by the former to the latter. The information contained in the 
databases might furthermore lead to possible intrusions on privacy of consumers, in particular taking into account 
the potentially sensitive nature thereof. Finally, important system hardware and software failures, failure of 
compliance processes, computer viruses, malware, cyber-attacks, accidents or security breaches could occur. Any 
such events could impair the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to provide all or part of their services and 
may in general result in a breach of their legal and/or contractual obligations. This could furthermore lead to 
reputational damage for the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
The escalating tensions between Russia and Western countries and, more generally, the increased geopolitical 
instability, have increased the threat of cyber-attacks on operators of vital infrastructure for the economy. In this 
context, the Issuer augmented in February 2022 the detection capacity for cyber intrusion with respect to essential 
business processes to a higher state of alert. The Issuer does not have direct connections to Ukraine or Russia.  
Due to the essential activities of the Issuer in relation to public safety, the Issuer aligns with the Network and 
Information Security Directive (Directive (EU) 2016/1148 or the “NIS Directive”)12 as adopted by the European 
Union and transposed by the Belgian governments. Although the Issuer has taken extensive precautions to keep its 
databases up-to-date and protected and to prevent breaches of privacy, it cannot be excluded that such breaches do 
occur and that, consequently, the Issuer will be faced with claims in this respect. In case of inadequacies or loss, the 
Issuer’s operations may be severely hindered, which can potentially adversely affect its financial position and 
therefore hamper its potential to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Risk of financial impact due to general sharp increases in energy prices. 
Since September 2021, the commodity prices on the global electricity and gas trading markets started showing 
substantial increases, which may have a number of consequences. This trend has been reinforced by the conflict 
between Russia and Ukraine that started in February 2022 and the consecutive global geopolitical tensions and by 
the sharp increase of inflation rates over the second half of 2022. This has contributed to an increase of approximately 
 
12 As part of the EU Cybersecurity Strategy, the European Union adopted the NIS Directive. The NIS Directive is the first piece of EU-wide 
cybersecurity legislation. The goal is to enhance cybersecurity across the EU. The NIS Directive was adopted in 2016 and subsequently 
transposed into national legislation by the EU Member States.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk factors 
26 
10% (compared to 2021) in the number of residential consumers in Flanders facing payment difficulties and, 
accordingly, having their energy contracts terminated by their commercial energy suppliers. Under the current 
legislative and regulatory framework, the Guarantors act as the supplier of last resort for such end consumers, until 
they regain access to the commercial supply market. 
In addition, if certain commercial energy suppliers were to be forced into bankruptcy (a risk more likely to materialise 
as a result of the rising wholesale energy prices, combined with fixed price retail contracts and price ceilings that 
could be imposed on flexible price contracts), the Guarantors would also become the responsible supplier of last 
resort for the affected end consumers13. This scenario materialised in December 2021, with the Guarantors becoming 
responsible for the customers of the commercial suppliers “Vlaamse Energieleverancier” and “Watz” (with 
approximately 129,000 and 34,000 end EANs respectively 14 ), and during March 2022, for the customers of 
“AECO/Energie2030” (with 201 EANs). A sudden and sharp increase in the number of direct (social) customers of 
the Guarantors as a result of such payment difficulty or bankruptcy of their commercial supplier, can lead to the need 
for pre-financing of substantial additional expenses by the Guarantors. While the Guarantors would ultimately be 
compensated for these increased costs, because of the trend methodology used by the VREG, the timing difference 
between the pre-financing and restitution may have a negative effect on the Guarantors’ liquidity and financial 
position and, accordingly, the pre-financing may occur at less favourable terms. The volatility of energy prices 
increases the risk of commercial energy suppliers becoming insolvent and the Guarantors serving as temporary 
suppliers of last resort for the relevant end consumers. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Future changes in 
public service obligations may require the Issuer and the Guarantors to pre-finance certain costs vis-à-vis their 
customers, having a negative impact on their liquidity position” in this respect. 
The increased energy prices have also led to volume declines due to reduced energy consumption in 2022. These 
volume declines amounted to a decrease of 3.6% for electricity and 14.8% for gas, in each case compared to the 2021 
volumes. In principle the financial impact should ultimately be recovered by the Guarantors, but this will only be the 
case with a delay, given that the tariffs and annual grid fees in relation to any given period are set in advance on a 
forecast of volumes. The difference between forecasted and actual volumes is then used for the determination of the 
tariffs in the subsequent two-year period and counted as an exogenous cost. Accordingly, volume risks are fully 
recovered through the tariffs within a three-year period. The recovery of volume risks are reflected in the regulatory 
transfers / regulatory balances on the Fluvius Economic Group’s financial statements. These balance sheet items 
cover various corrections to revenue that qualify to be recognised as recovery via the distribution network tariffs in 
subsequent years and may take the form of a positive balance (i.e., the Issuer will have received less during a 
particular year than it should have been entitled to and, to compensate, can recuperate additional revenue in the 
subsequent two-year period) or a negative balance (i.e., the Issuer will have received more during a particular year 
and needs to deduct an amount from its revenue in the subsequent two-year period), depending on a variety of 
circumstances including weather and inflation rates.  
Accordingly, in case of a positive balance, the (pre-)financing risk of the Fluvius Economic Group may increase and 
affect its liquidity in the course of a three-year period following the year in which the positive balance occurred. For 
an overview of the settlements of regulatory balances in the previous years, please refer to note 36 (Operating in a 
regulated environment – Electricity and gas) of the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Fluvius 
Economic Group as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 which are incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. As can be seen in these statements, the balances were negative in 2021, mainly as a result of 
higher-than-expected volumes (i.e., more was charged through the tariffs, as more was consumed, than was foreseen 
in the budget) and lower than foreseen exogenous costs. This is partly explained by periods with slightly colder and 
 
13 The maximum period for the Guarantors to operate as supplier of last resort to household consumers was brought from 60 days to 12 months 
on 28 January 2022, with retro-active effect as of 7 December 2021. 
14 European Article Numbering. One EAN corresponds to one physical connection to a distribution grid operated by the Issuer. Accordingly, a 
grid user with a connection for both electricity and gas counts as two EANs.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk factors 
27 
rainier weather and less sunshine hours in 2021 which led to fewer green certificates. In contrast, the balances from 
2022 were positive due to lower-than-expected volumes (i.e., less was charged through the tariffs, as less was 
consumed, than foreseen in budget) and a higher than budgeted inflation rate due to the sudden increase in inflation. 
This has led to an ex-post adjustment of the allowed income which has not yet been covered by the tariffs, but will 
be recovered in the coming two years. 
Increases in energy prices could furthermore increase the risk of suppliers encountering financial difficulty or not 
meeting their contractual obligations, which would increase the workload and costs for the Guarantors and, 
consequently, for the Issuer. 
Any of the above circumstances may negatively impact the Issuer’s financial condition and liquidity position and 
therefore also have an adverse effect on the Noteholders. 
A failure to achieve the cost savings target from the integration process of Eandis System Operator and Infrax into 
the Issuer may negatively affect the Issuer’s operational and financial position. 
The integration process for both ex-companies, being Eandis System Operator CVBA and Infrax CVBA, into the 
Issuer involves a number of operational and policy related challenges and risks including, among others, the 
integration of ICT systems, operational procedures and processes. Through its tariff methodology for the distribution 
of gas and electricity, the VREG has set a concrete cost savings target for the Issuer and the Guarantors, amounting 
to EUR 56 million in relation to electricity and EUR 27.5 million in relation to gas distribution activities for the tariff 
methodology established for the period 2021-202415. A substantial portion of these savings still need to be realised 
by the end of 2024, at which point the VREG is expected to make an assessment as to whether or not the relevant 
targets have been met. If the VREG then determines that the Issuer and/or the Guarantors did not succeed in reaching 
these cost savings targets during the 2021-2024 tariff period, the Guarantors may have to bear the balance between 
the cost savings imposed by the VREG and the actual cost savings realised based on the evaluation by the VREG. 
Such a situation would negatively impact the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantors’ operational and financial position, which 
may hamper their ability to satisfy their obligations under the Notes.  
The Issuer’s financial position may be impacted by the development of new, non-regulated activities. 
Other than its core regulated activities (i.e., the distribution of electricity and gas, public lighting16, sewerage and 
cable television infrastructure), the Issuer is currently developing and might in the future develop a number of new, 
non-regulated activities, such as the building of an advanced and fast data network. For further information on the 
fast data network, please refer to section 4.3 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework for Flemish CATV 
intermunicipalities’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’.  
Although at the date of this Base Prospectus these activities only account for a marginal part of the Issuer’s revenues, 
it cannot be ruled out that any such activities or the development of additional non-regulated activities might have 
an adverse impact on the Issuer’s financial position, as these could require additional and potentially substantial 
investments. Consequently, this can impact the Noteholders if these activities are not successful from either a 
technical, commercial and/or financial point of view, given that this might then hamper the possibility for the Issuer 
to satisfy its payment obligations under the Notes. 
 
15 Source: paragraph 5.5.3.4.1 of VREG Decision of 13 August 2020 ‘BESL-2020-31’ (available at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2020-
31), as amended. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
16 It should be noted that, by decision of the Flemish Government, the public service obligation of operating the municipal public lighting has 
been abolished as from 1 January 2022 onwards.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk factors 
28 
The Issuer may incur significant losses if it cannot succeed in attracting, retaining and contracting (as applicable) 
enough qualified and competent personnel and third-party suppliers and sub-contractors. 
The Issuer pursues an active recruitment policy which aims at maintaining an appropriate level of expertise and 
knowhow in a tight labour market, given the highly specialised nature of its businesses. The correct execution and 
quality of the Issuer’s operational tasks and, thus, its financial results, depend to a certain degree on the knowhow, 
expertise and level of training of technical and other employee profiles. This dependency will even increase in 
relation to the quality incentive which has been incorporated in the regulated tariff methodology for electricity and 
gas distribution as from 2021 onwards. 
If, however, the Issuer does not succeed in attracting and retaining the staff required for its activities and, potentially, 
the expansion of its operations, the Issuer might be faced with additional expenses for outsourcing, intensified 
recruitment, training, etc., which may prove to be substantial. Furthermore, if the Issuer unexpectedly loses the 
services of one or more key individuals from a managerial or operational point of view, this may hamper the Issuer’s 
ability to successfully execute its business strategy and to maintain its current or expected operational activity level, 
which may also give rise to a negative market perception.  
In addition, the Issuer relies on various suppliers, sub-contractors and other third-party service providers for the 
implementation of certain aspects of its operational tasks. Demand for such professional services has increased over 
the past years and is expected to increase even further. Any failure to contract and rely on suppliers, third-party 
service providers and sub-contractors may negatively affect the Issuer’s ability to effectively execute its operational 
tasks. 
Any such circumstances may thereby also have an adverse effect on the Noteholders if these would negatively impact 
the Issuer’s financial condition. 
Failures of corporate governance may occur at the level of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors, which may lead to 
suboptimal operational performance, penalisations from public authorities and/or reputational damages. 
Although the Issuer and the Guarantors have put in place an extensive set of detailed governance rules and 
procedures, it cannot be completely ruled out that for example an inadequate treatment of complaints, an inadequate 
functioning of their audit or governance bodies, an inefficiency in their company administration or other corporate 
governance elements materialise. For the Fluvius Economic Group, a set of specific corporate governance rules and 
obligations apply, which are issued by competent legislators and regulators, due to their public service tasks and 
monopoly status. If any such risk materialises, this may have adverse consequences on the Issuer’s and/or the 
Guarantors’ interests or on the licenses awarded to the Issuer and/or the Guarantors. A corporate governance failure 
may also lead to fines or other penalties imposed by the competent regulators as well as reputational damages. Any 
of these events may potentially adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders. In relation to the licenses of the 
Guarantors, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The Issuer’s approval as operating company and the 
Guarantors’ DSO licenses may be terminated early or not renewed, which would have negative consequences on the 
Issuer’s and the relevant Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams”. 
For further information on the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ corporate governance rules, please refer to section 1.3 – 
‘The Issuer’s corporate structure’ and section 2.4 – ‘The status of the Guarantors under public law and the regulatory 
regime’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
Insufficient technical updates and investments to the electricity grid to satisfy the needs of recent and future trends 
in electricity generation and usage may lead to fall-outs, grid disturbances and a poorer quality of electricity 
delivery. 
The Fluvius Economic Group is faced with risks relating to a number of recent evolutions in the production and 
consumption of electricity, which, if these trends are to continue, will necessitate certain changes to the architecture 
and technical capabilities of the Fluvius Economic Group’s infrastructure for electricity distribution. For instance,

--- Page 29 ---
Risk factors 
29 
the proliferation of installations for decentralised electricity generation (e.g. solar modules, CHP, wind turbines and 
others) as well as the increasing electrification of transportation and buildings are not yet fully compatible with the 
traditional design of the electricity distribution grid. Any failure by the Fluvius Economic Group to adequately invest 
in and implement the necessary changes to the electricity distribution grid going forward may increase the risk of 
fall-outs, grid disturbances and a poorer quality of electricity delivery, which could expose the Issuer to a risk of 
losses, potential liability as well as reputational damage. 
For further information on the challenges caused by the decentralisation of electricity generation, please refer to 
section 9.2 – ‘Trends in the energy sector’ – ‘Decentralised Electricity Generation’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the 
Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Fluvius Economic Group 
The level of outstanding financial debt of the Issuer and the Guarantors and their ability to issue further debt or 
securities or borrow additional funds may impact their ability to satisfy their payment obligations under the Notes 
and may increase the risk that the Issuer’s credit rating will be downgraded. 
As at 31 December 2022, the aggregate financial indebtedness 17  of the Fluvius Economic Group, calculated 
according to IFRS, amounted to EUR 7,613 million (compared to EUR 7,196.1 million as at 31 December 2021). As 
at 31 December 2022, EUR 958 million of long-term loans was due within one year (compared to EUR 733.5 million 
as at 31 December 2021). As at 31 December 2022, the ratio of long-term and short-term interest-bearing debt to 
equity of the Fluvius Economic Group, calculated according to IFRS, was 0.973 (compared to 0.993 as at 31 
December 2021). For further information on the financial debt of the Fluvius Economic Group, please refer to section 
5.3 – ‘Financing policy of the Fluvius Economic Group’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
The outstanding level of debt of the Issuer and the Guarantors might: 
 
make it more difficult for the Issuer and the Guarantors to satisfy their obligations under the Notes, including 
with respect to interest payments (if any); 
 
somewhat limit their ability to obtain additional financing to operate their business; 
 
to a certain degree limit their financial flexibility in planning for and reacting to industry changes; 
 
increase their vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and 
 
require them to dedicate a substantial portion of their cash flows to payments on debt, reducing the availability 
of their cash flows for other purposes. 
The Conditions do not prohibit the Issuer or the Guarantors from issuing further debt or securities or contracting 
additional indebtedness in the form of bank loans, which, in each case, may or may not be secured. Condition 3 
(Negative Pledge) only requires the Issuer and the Guarantors to grant the same security (or other security approved 
by the Noteholders by way of an Extraordinary Resolution) to the Noteholders in respect of the Notes in the event 
that security is granted for other indebtedness in the form of capital markets instruments (subject to certain exceptions 
set out in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)), but not when the Issuer or the Guarantors grant any security for bank 
loans. If the Issuer or the Guarantors would grant security for any bank loans contracted by any of them, the creditors 
of such secured loans would in case of enforcement have priority over the secured assets. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer and the Guarantors do not have secured financings and it is not the policy of the Issuer or the 
Guarantors to grant security in relation to their financings. 
 
17 Defined as the aggregate of current and non-current interest-bearing loans and borrowings.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk factors 
30 
Any financings currently outstanding and any future financings of the Issuer and the Guarantors may include similar 
but also different terms than the Notes. They typically include customary events of default, such as in relation to 
insolvency proceedings and cross-defaults. In circumstances where such events of default are triggered, this will 
impact the Issuer’s and/or the relevant Guarantors’ financial position and their potential to satisfy their obligations 
under the Notes. While as at the date of this Base Prospectus none of the financings include financial covenants, it 
cannot be excluded that future financings may include specific financial covenants. In this respect, please also refer 
to the risk factor entitled “Potential conflicts of interest could have an adverse effect to the interests of the 
Noteholders”. 
Given the Fluvius Economic Group’s ambitious capex plan to, amongst others, realise the investments needed in 
light of the envisaged future decarbonisation of society, the Issuer’s overall level of indebtedness is likely to further 
increase in the coming years. A significant increase of the overall indebtedness of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors 
may negatively affect the market value of the Notes, may increase the risk that the credit rating of the Issuer will be 
downgraded and may have as a consequence that the Issuer and the Guarantors will be unable to meet their debt 
obligations. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factors entitled “Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and a 
negative change in or withdrawal of a credit rating may adversely affect the trading price of the Notes”, “If the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors do not generate positive cash flows, potentially because of deteriorating market conditions, 
they will be unable to fulfil their debt obligations” and “Difficulties in accessing funding or receiving funding against 
acceptable terms may have an adverse impact on the investment possibilities of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors 
and on the possibility for the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to satisfy their payment obligations under their 
outstanding debt instruments”. 
If the Issuer and/or the Guarantors do not generate positive cash flows, potentially because of deteriorating market 
conditions, they will be unable to fulfil their debt obligations. 
The ability of the Issuer and the Guarantors to pay principal and interest (if any) on the Notes and to pay outstanding 
amounts on their other debt depends primarily on the regulatory framework and the regulated tariffs, as well as on 
their future operating performance. In this respect, investors should note that the Issuer generates cash flows on 
behalf of the Guarantors whereby its services are charged at zero-margin and with a net result of zero. Please also 
refer to the risk factors entitled “The Issuer and the Guarantors are subject to extensive and evolving regulations and 
legislation which may affect their operational and financial performance” and “The Issuer’s approval as operating 
company and the Guarantors’ DSO licenses may be terminated early or not renewed, which would have negative 
consequences on the Issuer’s and the relevant Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams”. 
The potential for the Issuer and the Guarantors to generate positive cash flows will also be impacted by changing 
circumstances in the credit markets (as far as access to financing is concerned) and the level of the outstanding debt 
of the Issuer and the Guarantors, which, together with the increased volatility and price increases experienced in 
recent months as well as the anticipated increase in overall debt levels as a result of the contemplated ambitious 
capex plans and investments needed to bring about the energy transition, can make the access to financing more 
expensive than anticipated and could result in greater financial vulnerability. In addition, there is a risk that the 
Issuer’s additional 2023-2032 Energy & Climate Transition investment plan, which has been approved by the VREG 
on 31 March 2023 but remains subject to annual updates, turns out to be more expensive than initially anticipated 
due to operational and technical constraints. Consequently, it is possible that the Issuer and/or the Guarantors will 
not have sufficient cash flows to pay the principal, premium (if any) and interest (if any) on their debt. If the cash 
flows and capital resources are insufficient to allow the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to make scheduled payments on 
their debt, the Issuer and the Guarantors may have to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional 
capital or restructure or refinance their debt. It is, however, possible that the terms of their debt do not allow these 
alternative measures or that such measures would not satisfy their scheduled debt service obligations.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk factors 
31 
If the Issuer and/or the Guarantors cannot make scheduled payments on their debt because they are not able to 
generate positive cash flows, also taking into account potential deteriorating market conditions affecting such cash 
flows, they will be in default and, as a result thereof: 
 
their debt holders could declare all outstanding principal and interest (if any) to be due and payable; and 
 
their lenders could terminate their commitments. 
This will then impact the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantors’ financial position and their potential to satisfy their 
obligations under the Notes. 
Difficulties in accessing funding or receiving funding against acceptable terms may have an adverse impact on the 
investment possibilities of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors and on the possibility for the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantors to satisfy their payment obligations under their outstanding debt instruments. 
Funding risk is the risk that the Issuer and/or the Guarantors will be unable to access the funds that they need when 
it comes to refinance their debt, to attract new funding if needed or through the failure to meet the terms of their 
credit facilities. 
In this respect, the Issuer and the Guarantors also face a certain degree of market risk insofar that they are constrained 
by prevailing market conditions (on interest rates, market volatility and others) when they contemplate the issuance 
of debt, whether for a short term or for a long term. These market conditions might temporarily hamper or rule out 
the possibility for the Issuer and the Guarantors to attract the necessary funding at the appropriate moment and at 
attractive pricing levels. 
As part of the mitigation efforts regarding the funding risk, the Issuer and the Guarantors aim at a diversification of 
financing sources. Short-term liquidity risk is managed on a daily basis with funding needs being fully covered 
through the availability of committed credit lines and a non-committed commercial paper programme. Cash is 
maintained, where necessary, to guarantee the solvency and flexibility of the Issuer and the Guarantors at all times. 
For further information on the financial debt and the financing policy of the Issuer and the Guarantors, please refer 
to section 5.3 – ‘Financing policy of the Fluvius Economic Group’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors’.  
Any funding difficulties may hamper the execution of the necessary grid or other investments and/or limit the Issuer’s 
and/or the Guarantors’ possibility to satisfy their payment obligations under their outstanding debt instruments, 
including the Notes. Please also refer to the risk factors entitled “The level of outstanding financial debt of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors and their ability to issue further debt or securities or borrow additional funds may impact their 
ability to satisfy their payment obligations under the Notes and may increase the risk that the Issuer’s credit rating 
will be downgraded” and “A failure of the Issuer to remain appointed as operating company of the Guarantors would 
seriously endanger the Issuer’s viability”. 
Interest rate fluctuations may negatively impact the Issuer taking into account the fact that the Fluvius Economic 
Group borrows both at fixed and variable interest rates. 
The Fluvius Economic Group is exposed to interest rate risk because entities in the Fluvius Economic Group borrow 
funds at both fixed and variable interest rates. Taking into account market circumstances, fluctuations may have a 
significant negative impact. In 2022, an increased volatility has been observed on the financial markets which further 
increased in the beginning of 2023, amongst others as a result of the conflict in Ukraine, inflationary pressures and 
general economic volatility. In light of the changed interest rate environment, future (re)financings are expected to 
be at higher interest rates than the ones raised in recent years (until 2021). For an overview of the financial debt 
outstanding at the level of the Issuer and the Guarantors, please refer to section 5.3 – ‘Financing policy of the Fluvius 
Economic Group’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk factors 
32 
The cost of debt which the Fluvius Economic Group is able to recover through the tariffs is based on parameters 
which are pre-determined by the VREG in the tariff methodology for the relevant regulatory period. This is based on 
a (fixed) cost of debt for the relevant period on the basis of (among other factors) the historical cost of debt. As set 
out in more detail in section 4.1.4(a) – ‘The regulatory tariff period 2021-2024’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the 
Issuer and the Guarantors’, the overall cost of debt for the distribution of electricity and gas which the Fluvius 
Economic Group is able to recover for the current regulatory period is 2.14%, to be computed on the basis of the 
applicable RAB (Regulatory Asset Base) and certain other parameters. For financial year 2022, the average cost of 
debt for the long-term debt of the entire Fluvius Economic Group amounted to 2.21%. If the current trend of higher 
interest rates were to continue during the current regulatory period, the average cost of debt is likely to further 
increase resulting in a negative impact on the profits of the Fluvius Economic Group. See also the risk factor entitled 
“Future changes to gas, electricity and/or sewerage tariffs or tariff methodologies, for example if these are not in 
line with the European internal energy market (if applicable), may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the 
Guarantors’ assigned credit ratings, ability to obtain funding and, hence, on their operational performance” for 
further details on the risk of a mismatch between the pre-determined cost of debt and the actual cost of debt incurred 
during a certain tariff period. 
To minimise the potential negative impact of interest rate fluctuations, the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ management 
strive to achieve an optimal ratio of fixed and variable interest rates. Furthermore, interest rate swaps have been 
entered into in relation to the vast majority of its outstanding loans with a variable interest rate. Nevertheless, it is 
not certain whether this will fully eliminate the risk of interest rate fluctuations and a sustained increase of interest 
rates may affect the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ liquidity, profitability and financial position and, thus, the Issuer’s 
and/or the Guarantors’ possibility to satisfy their payment obligations under the Notes. 
Post-retirement arrangements may lead to investment risks and interest rate risks for the Issuer. 
At the level of the Fluvius Economic Group, a number of post-retirement arrangements (pensions and other 
compensations) are in place for the benefit of its former and current employees. These arrangements are both of the 
‘defined benefit’ and ‘defined contribution’ type. These arrangements are financed by contributions by employer and 
employees alike which are being collected in pension funds. As at 31 December 2022, the employee benefit liabilities 
totalled EUR 290.4 million (compared to EUR 559.4 million as at 31 December 2021). Since the start of 2022, the 
real value of the pension funds has decreased due to the generally deteriorated market conditions. For further 
information on the employee benefit liabilities, please refer to the Fluvius Economic Group’s financial statements 
which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
For the ‘defined benefits’ arrangements, the Fluvius Economic Group is faced with an investment risk, in that the 
beneficiaries have a right to a pre-defined financial target amount at retirement which the Fluvius Economic Group 
is guaranteeing irrespective of the market interest rates. The defined benefit schemes can also be impacted by the 
risk of future wage evolutions, since every wage increase results in an increase of the Issuer’s financial obligations 
towards the relevant participants.  
For the ‘defined contribution’ arrangements, the Fluvius Economic Group faces the risk of having to meet the interest 
rates guaranteed by Belgian law, irrespective of financial market conditions.  
In addition to these risks, the Fluvius Economic Group’s obligations for pension and related post-retirement benefits 
are also impacted by the estimates on life expectancy used. A rise in life expectancy for the participants in the pension 
schemes results in an increase of the Fluvius Economic Group’s financial obligations. 
The Issuer, with the assistance of the pension fund managers involved, tries to mitigate these risks by closely 
monitoring the evolutions of the underlying parameters and to take all appropriate actuarial measures best suited to 
minimise the risks and to ensure that the value of the pension funds exceed the underlying benefit plan liabilities at 
all times.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk factors 
33 
If, however, such measures would not be sufficient in the future to mitigate the negative impact of investment and 
interest rate risks on the pension liabilities and assets, resulting in uncovered pension fund liabilities, this could 
negatively impact the financial position of the Fluvius Economic Group and hamper the Issuer’s and/or the 
Guarantors’ ability to satisfy their obligations under the Notes. 
For further information, please refer to note 24 (Employee benefit liabilities) of the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 which 
are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Guarantors may encounter difficulties in meeting their financial liabilities because of credit risk 
and issues in relation to their capital structure. 
In the framework of their normal business, the Issuer and the Guarantors face credit, capital structure and liquidity 
risk. 
The credit risk faced by the Issuer and the Guarantors stems from uncertainties on the liquidity and solvability of 
their counterparties. In 2022, the two largest customers together represented 56% of the turnover for the electricity 
segment and the three largest customers together represented 58% of the turnover for the gas segment (compared to 
2021, when the two largest customers together represented 57% of the turnover for the electricity segment and the 
three largest customers together represented 55% of the turnover for the gas segment). For more details on the 
amounts of receivables, please refer to the financial accounts of the Fluvius Economic Group which are incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. The Issuer and the Guarantors periodically assess their balance sheet structure 
in this respect, but have no certainty as to the appropriateness of this structure in relation to their activities and 
funding needs. In this regard, there is a risk that the Issuer and/or the Guarantors may encounter difficulties in meeting 
their financial liabilities. The Issuer and the Guarantors try to limit this risk to the extent possible by scrutinising cash 
flows continually and by making sure that credit facilities are available, but it is not certain whether these factors 
will fully eliminate the risks. 
Furthermore, the capital structure of the Issuer and the Guarantors might – at any given time – prove to be suboptimal 
in light of regulatory requirements or the applicable tariff methodology. If and when such a situation occurs, it poses 
a risk for the Issuer and the Guarantors as the regulatory tariffs are based on a ratio of 60 per cent. debt and 40 per 
cent. equity, and any suboptimal capital structure may result in adverse consequences for the Issuer and the 
Guarantors. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEES 
Risks relating to the Notes and the Guarantees generally 
The market value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Fluvius Economic Group and other 
factors. 
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Guarantors, including a change 
in credit ratings, and a number of additional factors, such as market interest and yield rates and the time remaining 
to the maturity date and, more generally, all economic, financial and political events in any country, including factors 
affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The degree to which the 
Issuer and the Guarantors are permitted to issue additional indebtedness may affect such creditworthiness. In this 
respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The level of outstanding financial debt of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors and their ability to issue further debt or securities or borrow additional funds may impact their ability 
to satisfy their payment obligations under the Notes and may increase the risk that the Issuer’s credit rating will be 
downgraded”. 
The structure of a particular series of Notes may also cause certain Series of Notes to be more vulnerable to changes 
in market value. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factors entitled “Optional redemption options of the Issuer

--- Page 34 ---
Risk factors 
34 
may affect the market value of the Notes” and “The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
may fluctuate more than Notes issued without a substantial discount or premium”. The price at which a Noteholder 
will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price 
or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. 
The payment of all amounts in respect of the Notes is guaranteed on a several but not joint basis, subject to the pro 
rata limitations as set out in the Guarantees. 
The obligations of each Guarantor under its respective Guarantee are guaranteed on a several but not joint basis. This 
means that if the Issuer does not comply with its payment obligations under the Notes, a Noteholder will need to 
make a claim against each of the Guarantors, each claim for a portion of the total claim of such Noteholder against 
the Issuer. The obligations of each Guarantor under its respective Guarantee shall, at all times, be limited to the 
proportional share of contributions which such Guarantor has made in the Issuer as of the date of the issue of the 
relevant Notes as set out in the relevant Final Terms, taking into account that, in aggregate, the sum of the amounts 
of the Notes covered by such Guarantees in each case adds up to 100% of the amount of the Notes issued. As of the 
date of publication of this Base Prospectus, the contributions in the Issuer are as set out in section 1.3 – ‘The Issuer’s 
corporate structure’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. The contributions in the Issuer may, 
however, evolve over time. 
The fact that a Noteholder who wishes to call upon the Guarantees by the Guarantors will be required to proceed 
individually against each Guarantor will be more cumbersome and costly for Noteholders than would be the case if 
the Guarantees were given by the Guarantors on a joint and several basis. In addition, in the event that one of the 
Guarantors would be unable to pay the amounts due by it under its Guarantee, the Noteholder would not have 
recourse against the other Guarantors for such unpaid amounts. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The enforcement of the Guarantees is subject to limitations stemming 
from the particular nature of the Guarantors”. 
The enforcement of the Guarantees is subject to limitations stemming from the particular nature of the Guarantors. 
Given the particular nature of the Guarantors, the enforcement of the Guarantees against each of them will be subject 
to limitations. Enforcement against the assets of the Guarantors will be limited because of the immunity of execution 
that applies to the assets of the Guarantors which are used for public services. Investors should note that almost all 
of the assets for electricity distribution, gas distribution, public lighting and sewerage are deemed to fall within this 
category of non-seizable assets, amounting to more than 80% of the Guarantors’ total assets as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. For further information, please refer to the risk factor entitled “The Guarantors cannot be subject 
to bankruptcy proceedings and, potentially along with the Issuer, benefit from immunity of execution, which limits 
the enforcement options of the Noteholders”. 
Investors should also take into account that for purposes of the concept of the ‘Fluvius Economic Group’ all assets 
and liabilities of the Guarantors are taken into account to determine the financial position. The obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes are, however, only guaranteed by each Guarantor up to the proportional share of contributions 
which such Guarantor has made in the Issuer as of the date of the issue of the relevant Notes, taking into account 
that, in aggregate, the sum of the amounts of the Notes covered by such Guarantees in each case adds up to 100% of 
the amount of the Notes issued. Please refer to the risk factor entitled “The payment of all amounts in respect of the 
Notes is guaranteed on a several but not joint basis, subject to the pro rata limitations as set out in the Guarantees” 
in this respect. 
Enforcement possibilities of Noteholders are furthermore limited because of the fact that the Guarantors cannot be 
subject to bankruptcy proceedings under Book XX of the Belgian Code of Economic Law. Please also refer to the 
risk factor entitled “The Guarantors cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings and, potentially along with the 
Issuer, benefit from immunity of execution, which limits the enforcement options of the Noteholders”.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk factors 
35 
In addition, the Guarantors have only been established for a limited but renewable duration of eighteen years. Where 
the duration would not be renewed or terminated early, this may impair the Noteholders’ enforcement options against 
such Guarantor and/or impact the income which the Issuer would receive with potentially adverse consequences to 
the Noteholders. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The fixed duration of a Guarantor may 
not be extended, or the Guarantors may fail to retain their participating members, which could weaken their overall 
credit quality”. 
Fees, commissions and/or inducements included in the issue price and/or the offer price may negatively affect the 
yield on the Notes. 
Investors should note that the issue price and/or the offer price of any issue of Notes may include subscription fees, 
placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs. Any such fees may not be taken into 
account for the purposes of determining the price of such Notes on the secondary market and could result in a 
difference between the original issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of such Notes and/or the actual 
bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any such difference may have an adverse effect 
on the value of Notes, particularly immediately following the offer and the issue date relating to such Notes, where 
any such fees and/or costs may be deducted from the price at which such Notes can be sold by the initial investor in 
the secondary market. 
Limited secondary market liquidity may render it difficult for investors to sell their Notes or may negatively affect 
the price of such sale. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, even if such Notes are listed 
on Euronext Brussels or any other stock exchange or multilateral trading facility. Liquidity and volatility may be 
affected if Notes are allocated to a single investor or to a limited number of investors only or if a market for the Notes 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This 
is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes. 
Decisions of Noteholders may bind Noteholders who were absent or voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Noteholders acting by defined majorities as provided in Condition 10(a) (Meetings of Noteholders) and Schedule 1 
(Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) to the Conditions, whether at duly convened meetings of the Noteholders 
or by way of written resolutions or electronic consents, may take decisions that are binding on all Noteholders, 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority or, as the case may be, who did not sign the relevant written resolution or provide their 
electronic consents for the passing of the relevant resolution. Such decisions relate to matters affecting the 
Noteholders’ interests generally, including the modification or waiver of any provisions of the Conditions. This may, 
for example, include decisions relating to (a reduction of) the interest payable on the Notes (if any) and/or the amount 
to be paid by the Issuer or the Guarantors upon redemption of the Notes. 
The transfer of the Notes, any payments made in respect of the Notes and all communications with the Issuer will 
occur through the NBB-SSS and Noteholders may not have a direct claim against the Issuer. 
A Noteholder must rely on the procedures of the NBB-SSS to receive payment under the Notes or communications 
from the Issuer. In the event that a Noteholder does not receive such payment or communications, its rights may be 
prejudiced but it may not have a direct claim against the Issuer therefor. The Issuer and the Agent will have no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, the Notes within, or any other

--- Page 36 ---
Risk factors 
36 
improper functioning of, the NBB-SSS and Noteholders should in such case make a claim against the NBB-SSS. 
Any such risk may adversely affect the rights and/or return on investment of a Noteholder.  
Potential conflicts of interest could have an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential investors should be aware that the Fluvius Economic Group is involved in a general business relation or/and 
in specific transactions with the Co-Arrangers and the Dealers and that they might have conflicts of interests which 
could have an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders. In this respect, the Issuer takes into account the 
applicable conflict of interest procedures as set out in the Belgian Companies and Associations Code. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Co-Arrangers and Dealers provide, among other things, payment services, 
investments of liquidities, short- and long-term credit facilities, bank guarantees, hedging products and assistance in 
relation to commercial paper, bonds and structured products to the Fluvius Economic Group for which certain fees 
and commissions are being paid. These fees represent recurring costs which are being paid to the Co-Arrangers and 
the Dealers as well as to other banks which offer similar services. As per 31 March 2023, the existing financial 
indebtedness of the Fluvius Economic Group outstanding towards and/or committed by Belfius Bank SA/NV 
amounted to approximately EUR 671.4 million, BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV amounted to approximately EUR 600.2 
million and BNP Paribas amounted to EUR 0. This may, however, evolve over time. Each of the Co-Arrangers and 
Dealers may also hold from time to time debt securities and/or other financial instruments of the Fluvius Economic 
Group. Furthermore, the Dealers and the Agent receive customary commissions in relation to the offer of Notes and, 
to the extent that any such commissions are borne by the Noteholders, such commissions may reduce the yield of the 
Notes for the relevant Noteholders. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Fees, commissions and/or 
inducements included in the issue price and/or the offer price may negatively affect the yield on the Notes”. 
Certain parties involved in the issuance of the Notes may act in different capacities and may also be engaged in other 
commercial relationships, in particular, be part of the same group, be lenders, provide banking, investment banking 
or other services (whether or not financial) to other parties involved in the issuance of Notes. In such relationships 
the relevant parties may not be obliged to take into consideration the interests of the Noteholders. Accordingly, 
because of these relationships, potential conflicts of interest may arise out of the transaction. In particular, the loan 
agreements between the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers and the Fluvius Economic Group may contain terms, including 
(financial) covenants, different from or not included in the conditions of the proposed Notes and may have different 
maturity dates or repayment events than those of the Notes. To the extent that a payment is to be made by the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors in respect of such loan agreements prior to the maturity of Notes, this will affect the liquidity 
position of the Issuer and/or the relevant Guarantor and may to some extent adversely affect the possibility of the 
Issuer to make payments due on such Notes or of the relevant Guarantor to comply with its obligations under its 
Guarantee. The Noteholders should be aware of the fact that the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers, when they act as 
lenders to the Fluvius Economic Group (or when they act in any other way as a counterparty to the Fluvius Economic 
Group), have no fiduciary duties or other duties of any nature whatsoever vis-à-vis the Noteholders and that they are 
under no obligation to take into account the interests of the Noteholders and may therefore act in a manner that is 
contrary to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Risks relating to Notes which qualify as Green Notes 
The Issuer has established a Green Financing Framework (as defined in Part IX – ‘Green Financing Framework’) 
and the Final Terms relating to a specific issue of Notes may provide that the Issuer will use an amount equal to the 
net proceeds of the offer (as at the date of issuance of such Notes) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, 
Eligible Green Projects (as defined in Part IX – ‘Green Financing Framework’) that satisfy the eligibility criteria set 
out in the Green Financing Framework (such Notes being referred to as Green Notes). The related risks mainly 
include the following: 
Notes issued as Green Notes may not meet investor expectations or requirements (including any green or sustainable 
performance objective) and/or may not be aligned with the final version of the European green bond standard or any

--- Page 37 ---
Risk factors 
37 
other sustainability-related regulations, each of which would not amount to an Event of Default or a breach of 
contract by the Issuer, may affect the value of such Green Notes and/or may have adverse consequences for investors.. 
Investors should take into account that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what 
precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or to receive such 
other equivalent label. The European Union is currently developing and has already adopted various sustainability 
related rules and regulations, including Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”), establishing the criteria for determining whether 
an economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable for the purposes of establishing the degree to which an 
investment is environmentally sustainable. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is subject to further development through 
delegated regulations and also gives rise to interpretation questions in its implementation, as experienced by the 
Issuer and the Fluvius Economic Group in its 2021 annual report which included reporting on the taxonomy-
eligibility of its activities for the first time, while the 2022 annual report also includes more extensive results on both 
taxonomy eligibility and alignment. The European Commission furthermore published a legislative proposal for a 
European green bond standard. Provisional political agreement on the legislative proposal for a European green bond 
standard has been reached in February 2023, which will be a voluntary label for issuers of green use of proceeds 
bonds (such as Green Notes) where the proceeds will be invested in economic activities aligned with the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation. However, the provisional political agreement remains subject to change and there is no 
assurance if or when such European green bond standard will be confirmed and adopted by the European Council 
and European Parliament. Green Notes issued under this Programme may not be aligned with such European green 
bond standard as they are intended to comply with the criteria and processes set out in the Issuer’s Green Financing 
Framework only, which predates the potential adoption of the European green bond standard. The Green Financing 
Framework has already been updated to reflect, to the extent possible, certain aspects of the legislative proposal for 
the European green bond standard dated 6 July 2021 and may be further updated in the future to take into account 
the final legislative text in light of the potential amendments that may still be made to the original draft of the 
European green bond standard. Any such later amendments to the original legislative proposal, including the 
provisional agreement announced on 28 February 2023, have not yet been taken into account for purposes of the 
Green Financing Framework. It is nevertheless not clear at this stage which impact the European green bond standard, 
if and when implemented, may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as 
the Green Notes) that do not meet such standard. It could reduce demand and liquidity for the Green Notes and their 
price. 
In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green and sustainable 
market and the interpretation questions and uncertainties that issuers may face while implementing the various rules, 
there is a risk that any Eligible Green Projects will not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or 
regulatory requirements (including, without limitation, the criteria for taxonomy alignment in accordance with the 
EU Taxonomy Regulation), or any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment 
criteria, any taxonomy alignment or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply 
under applicable sustainability related rules and regulations, its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates. Moreover, the way in which issuers report under the EU Taxonomy Regulation and other EU 
sustainable finance regulations may evolve in the coming years and, given the many uncertainties and outstanding 
questions, it cannot be excluded that this may result in a different classification or result than the one used for the 
first reports under these legislations. 
The failure of any of the Eligible Green Projects to meet any or all investor expectations regarding such ‘green’ or 
other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including, but without limitation, any taxonomy alignment) 
and/or the non-alignment of any Green Notes with the final version of the European green bond standard or any other 
sustainability-related regulations will not amount to an Event of Default or a breach of contract by the Issuer under

--- Page 38 ---
Risk factors 
38 
the relevant Green Notes, may affect the value of such Green Notes and/or may have adverse consequences for 
investors, including investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets. 
The application of an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of Green Notes to finance and/or refinance 
Eligible Green Projects may not be capable of being (timely) implemented or may not be totally or partially disbursed 
as planned for reasons that are outside the Issuer’s control or which the Issuer is not able to anticipate as at the Issue 
Date of the relevant Green Notes, which would not amount to an Event of Default or a breach of contract by the 
Issuer and may impact the value of the Green Notes. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding the use of 
proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects in the case of Green Notes. While the Issuer will, in case of an issuance of 
Green Notes, apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of such Green Notes in the manner described 
under Part VIII – ‘Use of Proceeds’ and Part IX – ‘Green Financing Framework’, including in relation to the 
applicable timeframe, the application of such amount to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, any relevant 
Eligible Green Projects may not be capable of being implemented in such manner and/or in accordance with any 
timeframe, or such amounts may not be totally or partially disbursed as planned, for reasons that are outside the 
Issuer’s control or which the Issuer is not able to anticipate as at the Issue Date of the relevant Green Notes18 . 
Accordingly, the use of proceeds by the Issuer for any Eligible Green Projects may not necessarily meet the 
requirements set out in the Green Financing Framework, whether in whole or in part, for reasons that are outside the 
Issuer’s control or which the Issuer is not able to anticipate as at the Issue Date of the relevant Green Notes. If the 
relevant Final Terms include information regarding the use of proceeds for any Eligible Green Project, that does not 
mean that no adverse environmental and/or other impacts will occur during the implementation of any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. Furthermore, although the Issuer may agree at the Issue 
Date of any Green Notes to allocate the proceeds of the Notes to finance Eligible Green Projects or to provide annual 
progress reports, investors should note that they will not be able to call upon an Event of Default or any other breach 
of contract by the Issuer under the Green Notes (i.e., they will not be able to request repayment pursuant to Condition 
9 or to exercise any other contractual remedy under any Condition) if the Issuer would fail to do so as this is not 
provided for in the Conditions. The Issuer may nevertheless incur reputational damages if it fails to comply with the 
principles of its Green Financing Framework, the allocation of the proceeds of the Notes to finance Eligible Green 
Projects or any reporting as set out in its Green Financing Framework and this may make it more difficult for the 
Issuer to access green financing and green listing venues in the future. Any such failure may also negatively impact 
the value of Green Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the above is without prejudice to the responsibility of the 
Issuer for the information contained in this Base Prospectus as indicated in the section ‘Important information’ and 
for the information contained in the applicable Final Terms as indicated therein. 
The Second Party Opinion does not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to Green Notes and any withdrawal 
of such opinion may affect the value of Green Notes. 
In connection with the potential issuance of any Green Notes, the Issuer has requested ISS ESG (a business unit of 
ISS Corporate Solutions) to issue an independent opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) confirming that the Green 
Financing Framework is aligned with the Green Bond Principles (version June 2021, including Appendix 1 dated 
June 2022) developed by the International Capital Markets Association and the Green Loan Principles (version 
February 2023) developed by the Loan Market Association. In addition, in its Second Party Opinion, ISS ESG 
assesses the alignment of the eligibility and selection criteria for Eligible Green Projects with the criteria set out in 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation purely on an indicative and best-efforts basis (given the currently-existing discretion 
on the methodologies in determining alignment with the EU Taxonomy Regulation technical screening criteria). This 
assessment, on a best-efforts basis, confirmed alignment of the Green Financing Framework’s selection criteria and 
 
18 Pending such allocation, the net proceeds of any Green Notes are expected to be managed in the Issuer’s treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash 
or in other short-term instruments, in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk factors 
39 
policies with the relevant Climate Change Mitigation/Adaptation and Do No Significant Harm (DNSH) technical 
screening criteria and indicated non-alignment with the Minimum Safeguards (mainly due to the absence of a formal 
human rights due diligence policy), each as described in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. As further set out in the 
Second Party Opinion, the Issuer has a priority plan in place to remedy the non-alignment with the Minimum 
Safeguards by the end of 2023. 
The Second Party Opinion does not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure of the relevant 
Series of Green Notes, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other factors that may affect the price or 
value of the Green Notes. Any such Second Party Opinion is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, is 
only current as of its date of issue and does not provide an opinion on the compliance of any Green Notes with the 
Green Financing Framework. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance, suitability and 
reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the Second Party Opinion, the Green Financing Framework or any other 
opinion, report or certification (whether or not solicited by the Issuer and/or the Guarantors and subject to any 
(limitation of) liability statement contained in such opinion, report or certification – the Second Party Opinion 
provides for example that “Neither ISS or ICS will have any liability in connection with the use of these Second Party 
Opinions, or any information provided therein”) and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of any 
opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in any Green Notes. Without prejudice to the 
responsibility of the Issuer for the information contained in this Base Prospectus as indicated in the section ‘Important 
information’ and for the information contained in the applicable Final Terms as indicated therein, the Noteholders 
have no recourse against the Issuer, any Guarantor or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents 
of any such opinion or certification. Moreover, a withdrawal of any such opinion or certification may affect the value 
of any Green Note and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green 
assets. Investors should note that they will not be able to call upon an Event of Default or any other breach of contract 
by the Issuer under the Green Notes (i.e., they will not be able to request repayment pursuant to Condition 9 or to 
exercise any other contractual remedy under any Condition) if the Second Party Opinion would be withdrawn as this 
is not provided for in the Conditions. 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
The value of the Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Notes exposes the relevant investor to the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of changes 
in the current interest rate on the capital markets (the “Market Interest Rate”). In particular, in respect of Fixed 
Rate Notes (for which the nominal rate is fixed for a specified period) investors are exposed to variations in the 
Market Interest Rate, which typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of such 
security is likely to change in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of such security 
typically falls until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest 
Rate falls, the price of a security with a fixed compensation rate typically increases until the yield of such security is 
approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. 
Investors should be aware that the movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes 
and can lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell such Notes. The materiality of this risk may be reinforced in 
respect of Notes which have a longer maturity. 
In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “A Noteholder’s return on the Notes may be affected by 
inflation”.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk factors 
40 
A Noteholder’s real return on the Notes may be affected by inflation. 
The real return (i.e., the return earned on a certain investment over a specified period of time adjusted for inflation 
and taxes) which an investor will receive on its Notes may be affected by inflation. Inflation risk is the risk that the 
future real value of an investment will be reduced by inflation over time, which could be caused by an increase in 
prices or a decrease in the value of money. In this respect, the return on Notes would be reduced due to the effect of 
inflation. The higher the inflation, the lower the return of a Note. If the inflation is equal to or higher than the interest 
rate applicable to the Notes, then the return is equal to zero or could be negative. 
Inflation can adversely affect the return on the Notes, including the purchasing power of interest payments made on 
the Notes, and can lead to losses for the Noteholders. The materiality of this risk may be reinforced in respect of 
Notes which have a longer maturity. 
In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The value of the Notes may be adversely affected by 
movements in market interest rates”. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and a negative change in or withdrawal of a credit rating may adversely affect 
the trading price of the Notes. 
The Issuer has been rated and one or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes, 
as will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the Issuer and/or 
the value of the Notes. Conversely, the absence of a credit rating may also render it more difficult for Noteholders to 
benchmark their investment in the Notes against other debt securities and to become aware of any adverse change in 
the credit risk of the Issuer. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised 
or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. For an overview of the credit ratings of the Issuer, please refer to 
section 1.4 – ‘The Issuer’s corporate credit ratings’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
In addition, any negative change in or withdrawal of a credit rating assigned to the Issuer could adversely affect the 
trading price of the Notes, including where this would lead to a negative change in or withdrawal of a credit rating 
assigned to such Notes, if any. 
Optional redemption options of the Issuer may affect the market value of the Notes.  
An optional redemption feature of Notes benefiting the Issuer may affect the market value of the Notes. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may, for example, be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available 
at that time. 
Notes that have a fixed to floating interest rate or a floating to fixed interest rate may result in a yield for investors 
lower than market rates at the time of conversion. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this is expected to affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is 
likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such 
circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be

--- Page 41 ---
Risk factors 
41 
lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, 
the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks”, including EURIBOR, may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to 
or referencing such “benchmarks”. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rate benchmarks or other types of rates and 
indices (as defined in Article 3 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”)), which can be used to determine the amounts payable under Notes linked to such 
benchmark, are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
The Benchmark Regulation became applicable from 1 January 2018 and applies to the provision and use of 
benchmarks as well as the contribution of input data to a benchmark within the EU. The Benchmark Regulation is 
subject to changes and reforms from time to time. Any such further reforms or changes in the future could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked a benchmark rate or index (including EURIBOR), in particular if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are subsequently changed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the 
rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the 
international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks,” trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain 
“benchmarks”. 
Any such change or elimination of a benchmark or index could require or result in an adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 4(j)), or result in adverse consequences 
to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to 
EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmarks may adversely affect the trading market 
for and return on the relevant Notes. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR 
(or its publication channel or replacement service), becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate, possibly adjusted 
in accordance with any recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or eliminate any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. 
However, any such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective and any such changes may result in the 
Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark 
continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result 
in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of 
a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In 
addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
Risk factors 
42 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more than Notes issued without 
a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks relating to the status of the investor 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make gross-up 
payments and this would result in Noteholders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly adversely 
affect their return on the Notes. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. Investors should consult Part X – ‘Taxation’ for certain summary information about 
the Belgian taxation. All interest payments in respect of the Notes are in principle subject to Belgian withholding tax, 
currently at a rate of 30% on the gross amount of the interest, subject to such relief as may be available under 
applicable domestic law or applicable tax treaties. Payments of interest made through non-exempt securities accounts 
in the NBB-SSS are in principle subject to such withholding tax, while payments of interest made through exempt 
securities accounts are free of withholding tax.  
Potential investors should be aware that if the “Tax Call Option” and the “Prohibition of Sales to Consumers” are 
specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Conditions do not require the Issuer to gross up the net 
payments received by a Noteholder in relation to the Notes with the amounts withheld or deducted for Belgian tax 
purposes. 
Potential investors should also be aware that if the “Tax Call Option” and the “Prohibition of Sales to Consumers” 
are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a tax gross-up requirement applies, but this is subject to certain 
exceptions as set out in the Conditions. In such case, the Issuer and the Guarantors will, among other things, not be 
obliged to pay any additional amounts with respect to any Note to a Noteholder who, at the time of acquisition of the 
Notes, was not an Eligible Investor or to a Noteholder who was such an Eligible Investor at the time of acquisition 
of the Notes but, for reasons within the relevant Noteholders' control, either ceased to be an Eligible Investor or, at 
any relevant time on or after its acquisition of the Notes, otherwise failed to meet any other condition for the 
exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the Belgian Law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain 
securities.  
The application of this Condition, and the exemptions included therein, may therefore have a significant impact on 
the net amounts the investors will receive pursuant to the payments to be made under the Notes and could also 
materially adversely affect the value of such Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
43 
PART III – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus (it being understood that 
only the pages of the relevant documents cross-referred below shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus): 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021, together with the auditor’s report thereon (available on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-04/economic-group-fluvius-consolidated-financial-
statements-ifrs-31-12-2021_0_0.pdf); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022, together with the auditor’s report thereon (available on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2023-03/economic-group-fluvius-consolidated-financial-
statements-ifrs-31-12-2022.pdf); 
(c) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021, together with the auditor’s report thereon (https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-
05/fluvius-so-group-consolidated-financial-statements-ifrs-2021-en.pdf); 
(d) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(available 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2023-03/fluvius-system-operator-annual-report-2022.pdf, as from 
page 64 of the PDF file); 
(e) 
the audited annual financial statements of Fluvius Antwerpen as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020, together with the auditor’s report thereon (only available in Dutch on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/fluvius-antwerpen-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf); 
(f) 
the audited annual financial statements of Fluvius Antwerpen as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021, together with the auditor’s report thereon (only available in Dutch on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-05/fluvius-antwerpen-financieel-verslag-2021.pdf); 
(g) 
the audited annual financial statements of Fluvius Limburg as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020, together with the auditor’s report thereon (only available in Dutch on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/fluvius-limburg-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf); 
(h) 
the audited annual financial statements of Fluvius Limburg as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021, together with the auditor’s report thereon (only available in Dutch on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-06/fluvius-limburg-financieel-verslag-2021.pdf); 
(i) 
the audited annual financial statements of Fluvius West as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020, together with the auditor’s report thereon (only available in Dutch on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/fluvius-west-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf); 
(j) 
the audited annual financial statements of Fluvius West as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021, together with the auditor’s report thereon (only available in Dutch on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-06/fluvius-west-financieel-verslag-2021.pdf); 
(k) 
the audited annual financial statements of Gaselwest as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/gaselwest-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf);

--- Page 44 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
44 
(l) 
the audited annual financial statements of Gaselwest as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-06/gaselwest-financieel-verslag-2021.pdf); 
(m) 
the audited annual financial statements of Imewo as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/imewo-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf); 
(n) 
the audited annual financial statements of Imewo as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-06/imewo-financieel-verslag-2021.pdf); 
(o) 
the audited annual financial statements of Intergem as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/intergem-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf); 
(p) 
the audited annual financial statements of Intergem as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-06/intergem-financieel-verslag-2021.pdf); 
(q) 
the audited annual financial statements of Iveka as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/iveka-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf); 
(r) 
the audited annual financial statements of Iveka as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-06/iveka-financieel-verslag-2021.pdf); 
(s) 
the audited annual financial statements of Iverlek as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/iverlek-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf); 
(t) 
the audited annual financial statements of Iverlek as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-05/iverlek-financieel-verslag-2021.pdf); 
(u) 
the audited annual financial statements of PBE as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/pbe-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf);  
(v) 
the audited annual financial statements of PBE as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-06/pbe-financieel-verslag-2021.pdf); 
(w) 
the audited annual financial statements of Riobra as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-07/riobra-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf); 
(x) 
the audited annual financial statements of Riobra as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-06/riobra-financieel-verslag-2021.pdf);

--- Page 45 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
45 
(y) 
the audited annual financial statements of Sibelgas as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together with the auditor’s report thereon (available on https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-
06/jaarverslag-sibelgas-2020.pdf); 
(z) 
the audited annual financial statements of Sibelgas as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-07/jaarverslag-sibelgas-2021.pdf). 
Any statement contained in a document or part of a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the 
FSMA in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or 
contained in a document incorporated by reference therein) shall be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained in any such supplement (or contained in a document incorporated by reference 
therein) modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein can be obtained free of charge from the 
website of the Issuer (https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations). The information on the website of the 
Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except to the extent that such information is explicitly incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The Issuer confirms that it has obtained the approval from (i) its auditor to incorporate by reference into this Base 
Prospectus the auditor’s reports relating to the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Fluvius 
Economic Group and of the Issuer as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 
and (ii) the auditors of the Guarantors to incorporate by reference into this Base Prospectus the auditor’s reports 
relating to the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantors as of and for the financial years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, (ii) the 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022 and (iii) the audited financial statements of the Guarantors as of and for the financial years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. Information included in these documents which is not included in the 
below cross-reference lists is not incorporated in, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus and is considered 
to be additional information which is either not relevant for investors, is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
or is not required by the relevant schedules of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, 
content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004. 
 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021. 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
p. 4 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 5

--- Page 46 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
46 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
p. 6 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 7 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
p. 8-9 
Notes 
p. 10-96 
Statutory auditor’s report 
p. 97-99 
 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022. 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
p. 4 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 5 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
p. 6 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 7 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
p. 8 
Notes 
p. 10-100 
Statutory auditor’s report 
p. 101-103 
 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021. 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
p. 3 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 4 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
p. 5 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 6 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
p. 7 
Notes 
p. 8-57 
Statutory auditor’s report 
p. 58-65 
 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2022. 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
p. 3 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 4 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
p. 5 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 6 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
p. 7 
Notes 
p. 8-58 
Statutory auditor’s report 
p. 59-69

--- Page 47 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
47 
Audited financial statements of Fluvius Antwerpen as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 7-23 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 25-28 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 39-42 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 44-46 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 48-85 
 
Audited financial statements of Fluvius Antwerpen as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 7-21 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 23-32 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 39-42 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 44-46 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 48-82 
 
Audited financial statements of Fluvius Limburg as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 5-19 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 21-24 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 35-38 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 40-42 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 44-84 
 
Audited financial statements of Fluvius Limburg as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 7-20 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 22-31 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 38-42 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 43-45 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 47-81

--- Page 48 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
48 
Audited financial statements of Fluvius West as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-21 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 22-26 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 37-40 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 42-44 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 46-81 
 
Audited financial statements of Fluvius West as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-21 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 23-33 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 40-43 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 45-47 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 49-80 
 
Audited financial statements of Gaselwest as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-19 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris)  
p. 21-24 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 35-38 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 40-42 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 44-76 
 
Audited financial statements of Gaselwest as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 7-20 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 22-31 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 38-41 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 43-45 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 47-77

--- Page 49 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
49 
Audited financial statements of Imewo as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-18 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 20-23 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 34-37 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 39-41 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 43-76 
 
Audited financial statements of Imewo as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 7-20 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 22-31 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 38-41 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 43-45 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 47-77 
 
Audited financial statements of Intergem as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-18 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 20-23 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 33-36 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 38-40 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 42-74 
 
Audited financial statements of Intergem as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 7-19 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 21-30 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 36-39 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 41-43 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 45-76

--- Page 50 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
50 
Audited financial statements of Iveka as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-18 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 20-23 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 34-37 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 39-41 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 43-76 
 
Audited financial statements of Iveka as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 7-18 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 20-29 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 35-38 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 40-42 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 44-76 
 
Audited financial statements of Iverlek as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-18 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 20-23 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 34-37 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 39-41 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 43-76 
 
Audited financial statements of Iverlek as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 7-19 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 21-31 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 38-41 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 43-45 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 47-79

--- Page 51 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
51 
Audited financial statements of PBE as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 5-16 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 18-21 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 32-35 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 37-39 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 41-81 
 
Audited financial statements of PBE as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 8-19 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 21-30 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 37-40 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 42-44 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 46-78 
 
Audited financial statements of Riobra as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 5-10 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris)  
p. 12-15 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 22-25 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 27-29 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 31-65 
 
Audited financial statements of Riobra as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 7-12 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 14-17 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 24-27 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 29-31 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 33-59

--- Page 52 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
52 
Audited financial statements of Sibelgas as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling per 31 december 2020) 
p. 36-37 
Commentaries to the balance sheet (Commentaar op de balans) 
p. 38-41 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening per 31 december 2020) 
p. 42-44 
Explanatory statement (Toelichting) 
p. 45-57 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 60-62 
 
Audited financial statements of Sibelgas as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 15-17 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 60-62 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 36-37 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 42-44 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 45-57

--- Page 53 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
53 
PART IV – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (excluding italicised paragraphs) is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms, will apply to the Notes. In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being offered to the 
public in a Member State or are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the relevant Final Terms shall not 
amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law 
and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any 
information in this Base Prospectus. 
Fluvius System Operator CV, a Belgian cooperative company with its registered office at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 
9090 Melle, Belgium and enterprise number 0477.445.084 (RLE Ghent, division Ghent) (the “Issuer”) has 
established a Euro Medium Term Note programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to EUR 5,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency) in aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”) guaranteed by the 
Guarantors (as defined below) in accordance with, and subject to the pro rata limitation of, its respective Guarantee 
(as defined below). 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the “Final Terms”) which 
supplement these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Final Terms. 
Without prejudice to Article 26(5) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, in the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
The Notes are the subject of an agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) dated on or about 6 June 2023 between 
the Issuer and Belfius Bank SA/NV as paying agent, calculation agent and listing agent (the “Listing Agent”) and a 
service contract for the issuance of fixed income securities (the “Clearing Services Agreement”) dated 
16 November 2020 between the Issuer, the National Bank of Belgium and Belfius Bank SA/NV as paying agent. The 
paying agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Paying 
Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)” and references to the “Agent” shall include a reference to the Listing Agent, 
the Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent as the context requires.  
The Notes are the subject of the Guarantees. The original of each Guarantee is held by the Paying Agent on behalf 
of the Noteholders at its specified office.  
All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final 
Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms will be made available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations/ratings-and-bonds/bonds. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Clearing Services Agreement and the Guarantees are available for inspection 
free of charge at the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
Where these Conditions refer to any computation of a term or period of time, Article 1.7 of the Belgian Civil Code 
shall not apply. 
In these Conditions, any reference to any code, law, decree, regulation, directive or any implementing or other 
legislative measure shall be construed as a reference to such code, law, decree, regulation, directive or implementing 
or other legislative measure as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time. 
Any Condition may derogate either expressly or implicitly from applicable legal provisions. Even if there is no 
express derogation from a specific legal provision, the relevant Condition may still implicitly derogate from legal 
provisions (for instance by providing for a different contractual regime).

--- Page 54 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
54 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title and Transfer Restrictions 
(a) 
Form: The Notes are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations), 
as amended (the “Belgian Companies and Associations Code”) and cannot be physically delivered. The 
Notes will be represented exclusively by book entry in the records of the securities settlement system operated 
by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the “NBB-SSS”). The Notes can be 
held by their holders through direct participants in the NBB-SSS, whose membership extends to securities 
such as the Notes (each a “Participant”) and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the 
Notes through any Participant. The Notes are accepted for settlement through the NBB-SSS and are 
accordingly subject to the applicable Belgian regulations, including the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 on 
transactions in certain securities, its implementing Belgian Royal Decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 
(each as amended or re-enacted or as their application is modified by other provisions from time to time) and 
the Terms and Conditions governing the participation in the NBB-SSS and its annexes, as issued or modified 
by the NBB from time to time (the laws, decrees and rules mentioned in this Condition 1(a) being referred to 
herein as the “NBB-SSS Regulations”). The Noteholders will not be entitled to exchange the Notes into notes 
in bearer form. 
If at any time, the Notes are transferred to another clearing system, not operated or not exclusively operated 
by the NBB, these provisions shall apply mutatis mutandis to such successor clearing system and successor 
clearing system operator or any additional clearing system and additional clearing system operator. 
(b) 
Denomination: The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Specified Denomination”). The minimum Specified Denomination(s) shall be at least (i) such amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and (ii) in any case, not less than EUR 1,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency). The Notes may have multiple Specified Denominations, provided that 
the larger Specified Denominations are integral multiples of the smaller Specified Denominations. Notes will 
only be tradeable in their minimum Specified Denomination or in integral multiples of their minimum 
Specified Denomination. 
(c) 
Title: Title to the Notes will pass by account transfer. Noteholders are entitled to exercise the rights they have, 
including voting rights, making requests, giving consents and other associative rights (as defined for the 
purposes of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code) upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the 
NBB (or any Participant duly licensed in Belgium as a recognised accountholder for the purposes of the 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code (a “Recognised Accountholder”)) (or the position held by the 
financial institution through which such holder’s Notes are held with such Recognised Accountholder, in 
which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will also be required). The person who is for the 
time being shown in the records of the NBB-SSS or of a Recognised Accountholder as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes, shall for all purposes be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of Notes, and the expressions “Noteholders” and “holders of Notes” and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
X-only Issuance: If “X-only Issuance” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes may 
be held only by, and transferred only to, Eligible Investors. 
As used in these Conditions: 
“Eligible Investor” means those entities which are referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 
May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax and which hold the Notes in an exempt account in the NBB-
SSS.

--- Page 55 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
55 
2 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantees 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank pari 
passu and rateably, without any preference among themselves, and equally with all other existing and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, 
save for such obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general 
application. 
(b) 
Guarantees: Each of Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, Imewo, Intergem, 
Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas (each a “Guarantor”) has unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes in accordance with, and subject to the pro rata limitation of, its respective guarantee dated 
17 November 2020, as confirmed pursuant to a guarantee confirmation letter dated 9 November 2021 and a 
second guarantee confirmation letter dated 6 June 2023 (each a “Guarantee” and together the “Guarantees”). 
The obligations of each Guarantor under its respective Guarantee are limited to the proportional share of 
contributions which such Guarantor has made in the Issuer as of the date of the issue of the relevant Notes as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Status of the Guarantees: The obligations of each Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of 
such Guarantor and rank and shall at all times rank equally with all other existing and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Guarantor from time to time outstanding (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law). 
As of the date of publication of the Base Prospectus, the contributions in the Issuer are as set out in section 1.3 
– ‘The Issuer’s corporate structure in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. The 
contributions in the Issuer may evolve over time. 
3 
Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Negative pledge: So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor any of its Subsidiaries 
(as defined below) nor any Guarantor will create or have outstanding any Security Interest (other than a 
Permitted Security Interest) upon or with respect to the whole or any part of its present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Debt, or to secure any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt, without at the same time or prior thereto according 
to the Notes the same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Debt, guarantee or 
indemnity or such other security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in Schedule 
1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders)). 
(b) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
“Outstanding” means all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with 
the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after 
such date) have been duly paid to the Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement, (c) those which have 
become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, and (d) those which have been purchased 
and cancelled as provided in the Conditions; provided that, for the purposes of (i) ascertaining the right to 
attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders and (ii) the determination of how many Notes are outstanding 
for the purposes of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge), Condition 10 (Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications) 
and Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders), those Notes that are held by, or are held on behalf

--- Page 56 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
56 
of, the Issuer, any Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until 
ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding. 
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Debt issued for the purpose 
of financing all or part of the costs of the acquisition, construction or development of any project if the person 
or persons providing such financing expressly agree to limit their recourse to the project financed and the 
revenues derived from such project as the sole source of repayment for such Relevant Debt. 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or 
other amounts), in the form of or evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, loan stock or other similar debt 
instruments, whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash, and which are, 
or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, or in any 
securities market (including, without limitation, any over the counter market); for the avoidance of any doubt, 
any bank loan or intra-group loan that is granted on the basis of a loan agreement is not Relevant Debt. 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest. 
“Subsidiary” means, at any particular time, a company or other entity which is then directly or indirectly 
controlled, or more than 50 per cent. of whose issued share capital (or equivalent) is then beneficially owned 
by the Issuer and/or one or more of its respective Subsidiaries. For this purpose, for a company to be 
“controlled” by another means that the other (whether directly or indirectly and whether by ownership of 
share capital, the possession of voting power, contract or otherwise) has the power to appoint and/or remove 
all or the majority of the members of the board of directors or other governing body of that company or 
otherwise controls or has the power to control the affairs and policies of that company. 
4 
Interest and other Calculations 
The Notes are fixed rate notes (the “Fixed Rate Notes”), floating rate notes (the “Floating Rate Notes”), zero 
coupon notes (the “Zero Coupon Notes”) or a combination of the foregoing, depending on the Interest and 
Redemption basis specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
 
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser determines 
that no such spread is customarily applied); 
 
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines 
in accordance with Condition 4(j)(ii) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets

--- Page 57 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
57 
for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the 
Specified Currency. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in 
the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(j)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of such Reference 
Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to 
do so by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”); or  
 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in 
respect of the Notes; or 
 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future date (the 
“Specified Future Date”), be no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or any other party appointed by the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, 
under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement within 
sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than 
six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the 
date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
“Business Centre” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Business Day” means: 
 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for such currency 
and/or 
 
in the case of euro, a day on which the NBB-SSS and T2 are operating (a “TARGET Business Day”) 
and/or 
 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres.

--- Page 58 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
58 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
 
if “Actual/ Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365). 
 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365. 
 
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360. 
 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
D1)
-
(D2
] 
M1)
-
(M2
 
 
[30
+
] 
Y1)
-
(Y2
 
 
360
[



 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
D1)
-
(D2
] 
M1)
-
(M2
 
 
[30
+
] 
Y1)
-
(Y2
 
 
360
[



 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 59 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
59 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
360
D1)
-
(D2
] 
M1)
-
(M2
 
 
[30
+
] 
Y1)
-
(Y2
 
 
360
[



 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is so specified means: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 60 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
60 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and 
“Determination Date” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Dates, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from and 
including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period. 
“Early Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have the single 
currency as their lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense under Condition 4(j)(i). 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified 
hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual 
Period forms part; and 
 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro or (ii) 
the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 61 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
61 
“ISDA Benchmarks Supplement” means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. including, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement. 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Amount” means the amount specified for the relevant occurrence in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect 
of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected 
by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate. 
“Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine 
the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
(b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in 
each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(g).

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
62 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes:  
 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
4(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant 
Final Terms, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of months or 
other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment; 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day; 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or  
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
63 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(X) 
the offered quotation; or 
(Y) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(2) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (1)(X) above 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if 
sub-paragraph (1)(Y) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(3) 
if paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
64 
the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent 
and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting 
to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at 
such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable 
prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless the 
Issuer defaults in making due provision for their redemption on said date (subject to the applicable grace 
period), in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations) until the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or 
more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), 
or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
65 
accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the 
absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be. 
 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be 
rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that 
fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” 
means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such 
currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount 
(or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal 
such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises 
two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of 
such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest 
Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions 
above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be 
calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent 
may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain 
such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other 
relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange 
of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 4(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9 
(Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of 
the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
66 
amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents, if 
provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act 
as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or 
to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or 
over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination 
to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal office or any other office actively involved 
in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(j) 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
 
Independent Adviser: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Accrual Period remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(j)(ii)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 4(j)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(j)(iv)). In making such determination, 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(j) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent or the Noteholders 
for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4(j). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4(j) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the immediately following Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not 
been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to 
the first Interest Period. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4(j)(i) shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4(j). 
 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
67 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 4(j)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(j)). 
 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
 
Benchmark Amendments: If any relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, 
the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(j) and the 
Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, the Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 4(j)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Agent shall, at 
the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to 
the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 4(j)). 
 
Notices: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(j) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Agent, the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the relevant Successor Rate or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate, (iii) and, in either case, the Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(j); and 
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate or relevant Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, and the Noteholders.

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
68 
 
Survival of Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 
4(j)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Reference Rate and the fall-back provisions provided for in 
Condition 4(c)(iii) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
5 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, is its nominal amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), (d) or (e) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Zero Coupon Note unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Zero 
Coupon Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Zero Coupon Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Zero Coupon Note upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c), (d) or (e) or upon it becoming due and payable 
as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Zero Coupon Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that 
such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and 
after judgement) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Zero Coupon Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Zero 
Coupon Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), 
(d) or (e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default), 
shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if applicable unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: If both the “Tax Call Option” and “Prohibition of Sales to Consumers” 
are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
69 
this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 
5(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if applicable), if: 
 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
Belgium or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and 
 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of 
such change or amendment. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If both the “Call Option” and “Prohibition of Sales to Consumers” 
are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above)) together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if applicable. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes 
of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such notice 
in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer’s option, the Notes to be redeemed will be 
selected in accordance with the NBB-SSS Regulations. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If “Put Option” is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 5(b) above)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if applicable. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must (i) deliver or cause to deliver to the Paying Agent a certificate 
issued by the relevant recognised accountholders certifying that the relevant Note is held to its order or under 
its control and blocked by it or transfer the relevant Note to the Paying Agent and (ii) deposit with the Paying 
Agent a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from the Paying 
Agent in which the Noteholder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition.

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
70 
No option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior 
consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Make Whole Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If both “Make Whole Call Option” and “Prohibition 
of Sales to Consumers” are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption (the “Make Whole Call Redemption Date”)), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at a 
redemption price per Note equal to such amount per Note as is equal to the higher of the amounts in (i) and 
(ii) below, as calculated by the Calculation Agent, in each case together with interest accrued to but excluding 
the Make Whole Call Redemption Date, if applicable: 
 
the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes so redeemed; and 
 
the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (not 
including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make Whole Call Redemption Date) 
discounted to the Make Whole Call Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the Reference Dealer Rate (as defined below) plus 
any Margin specified in the relevant Final Terms, in each case as determined by the Reference Dealers,  
provided, however, that if the Make Whole Call Redemption Date occurs on or after the earliest date on which 
the Notes may be redeemed in accordance with Condition 5(g), the redemption price will be such amount per 
Note as is equal to the nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Note together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Make Whole Call Redemption Date, if applicable. 
Any notice of redemption given under this Condition 5(f) will override any notice of redemption given 
(whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under Condition 5(e). 
In this Condition: 
“Reference Bond” means the Reference Bond specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Dealers” means those Reference Dealers specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Reference Dealer Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make Whole Call Redemption 
Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Bond or, 
if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement of the Reference 
Dealers, at the Determination Time and on the Determination Date in each case specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent (with a copy to the Issuer) by the Reference Dealers. 
(g) 
Residual Maturity Call: If both “Residual Maturity Call Option” and “Prohibition of Sales to Consumers” 
are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (which shall 
be within the Residual Maturity Call Period specified in the relevant Final Terms) (the “Residual Maturity 
Call Optional Redemption Date”)), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at a redemption price per 
Note equal to the nominal amount of the relevant Note together with interest accrued to but excluding the 
Residual Maturity Call Optional Redemption Date, if applicable. 
Any notice of redemption given under this Condition 5(g) will override any notice of redemption given 
(whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under Condition 5(e). 
(h) 
Substantial Repurchase Event: If both “Substantial Repurchase Event” and “Prohibition of Sales to 
Consumers” are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, provided immediately

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
71 
prior to such notice a Substantial Repurchase Event has occurred, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days’ (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Notes at a redemption price per Note equal to the nominal amount of the relevant Note together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for redemption, if applicable. 
In this Condition, a “Substantial Repurchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at least the 
Applicable Percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
(which for these purposes shall include any Notes issued pursuant to Condition 11 (Further Issues)) is 
purchased by the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer (or redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 5(e)) (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 5(j)). 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer under this Condition will 
forthwith be cancelled. Any Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of any such Notes pursuant to these Conditions shall be discharged. 
6 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments in euro: All payments in euro of principal or interest owing under the Notes shall be made through 
the Paying Agent and the NBB-SSS in accordance with the NBB-SSS Regulations and the Clearing Services 
Agreement. 
(b) 
Payment in other currencies: All payments in any currency other than euro of principal or interest owing 
under the Notes shall be made through the Paying Agent and the NBB-SSS or through the Paying Agent and 
any Participants (in accordance with the rules of such Participant, and in accordance with the NBB-SSS 
Regulations and the Clearing Services Agreement). 
(c) 
Payment subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any 
fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents: The Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agent of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency with any of the Noteholders. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent(s), provided, however, that the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Paying Agent which is a Participant 
in the NBB-SSS, one or more calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, and such other agents as 
may be required by any stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. Notice of any such change shall 
promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(e) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of 
such postponed payment.  
7 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or by a clearing system and/or a 
participant in a clearing system in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied,

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
72 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within Belgium or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional or further amounts in respect of such withholding or 
deduction. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if both “Tax Call Option” and “Prohibition of Sales to Consumers” are specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt 
by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note: 
(a) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is (i) entitled to avoid such deduction 
or withholding by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption, or (ii) 
liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of 
his having some connection with Belgium other than by reason of (a) the mere holding of or (b) the 
receipt of principal, interest or other amount in respect of the Note, or 
(b) 
Payment to non-Eligible Investors: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who on the date of 
acquisition of such Note, was not an Eligible Investor or who was an Eligible Investor on the date of 
acquisition of such Note but, for reasons within the Noteholder’s control, ceased to be an Eligible 
Investor or at any relevant time on or after its acquisition of the Notes, for reasons within the 
Noteholder’s control, otherwise failed to meet any other condition for the exemption of Belgian 
withholding tax pursuant to the law of 6 August 1993 relating to certain securities, or 
(c) 
Payment by another financial institution: held by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able 
to avoid such withholding or deduction by holding the relevant Note in a securities account with another 
financial institution in a member state of the European Union; or 
(d) 
Conversion into registered securities: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such 
Taxes because the Notes were upon his/her request converted into registered form and could no longer 
be cleared through the NBB-SSS. 
As used in these Conditions: 
“Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, means whichever is the later of (i) the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due or (ii) (if the Issuer defaults in making due provision for their redemption on said 
date) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made. References in these Conditions to 
(i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Redemption, Payment and Options) or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations) or any amendment or supplement 
to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be 
payable under this Condition. 
8 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within ten years (in the case of principal (or any other amount (other than interest)) payable in respect of the 
Notes) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
9 
Events of Default 
If and only if any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs:

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
73 
(a) 
Non-Payment: the Issuer fails to pay the principal of or premium or interest on any of the Notes when 
due and such failure continues for a period of 7 days in the case of principal or premium and 14 days in 
the case of interest; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
covenants, agreements or undertakings under or in respect of the Notes which default is incapable of 
remedy or, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within 20 Business Days after notice of such default 
shall have been given to the Issuer by any Noteholder; or 
(c) 
Cross-Default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor for or in 
respect of moneys borrowed or raised being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity by 
reason of any event of default (however described), or (ii) any such indebtedness is not paid when due 
or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period, or within five Business Days in Brussels of 
becoming due if a longer grace period is not applicable or (iii) the Issuer or any Guarantor fails to pay 
when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period or within five Business Days if a 
longer grace period is not applicable, any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee 
for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or raised, provided that none of the events 
mentioned above in this paragraph (c) shall give rise to an Event of Default if the aggregate amount of 
the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities is less than EUR 25,000,000 or its equivalent in 
any other currency (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the Euro as 
quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates); or 
(d) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created 
or assumed by the Issuer or any Guarantor in respect of any of its property or assets for an amount at the 
relevant time of at least EUR 25,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency (on the basis of the 
middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the Euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on 
which this paragraph operates) becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the 
taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person); or 
(e) 
Insolvency: the Issuer is declared bankrupt or unable to pay its debts as they fall due, stops, suspends or 
announces its intention to stop or suspend payment of all or, a material part of (or of a particular type of) 
its debts or makes any agreement for the deferral, rescheduling or other readjustment of all of (or all of 
a particular type of) its debts (or any particular debt, in each case which it will or might otherwise be 
unable to pay when due), proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is declared 
or comes into effect in respect of all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries; or 
(f) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Issuer or any of the Guarantors or the Issuer or any of the Guarantors ceases or threatens to cease to 
carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose of and followed by a 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, consolidation or solvent reorganisation; or 
(g) 
Electricity and gas distribution: the Issuer ceases to be the operating company (werkmaatschappij) of 
the electricity and gas DSOs in the designated areas in Flanders or undergoes a reorganisation whereby 
its tasks in relation to the management of the electricity and gas grids are transferred to a third party, or 
any of the Guarantors loses its license of DSO in the designated areas in Flanders or undergoes a 
reorganisation whereby its tasks in relation to the electricity and gas grids are transferred to a third party 
(to the extent relevant); or 
(h) 
Guarantee: any of the Guarantees ceases to be valid, enforceable or in full force and effect; or

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
74 
(i) 
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any 
necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, license, order, recording or registration) at 
any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, 
exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under the Notes, (ii) to ensure that those 
obligations are legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes admissible in evidence in the 
courts of Belgium is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any or more of its 
obligations under any of the Notes; or 
(k) 
Delisting of the Notes: the listing of the Notes on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels is withdrawn 
or suspended during at least thirty consecutive Business Days as a result of a failure by the Issuer, 
provided that this paragraph shall not apply if the Issuer obtains the listing of the Notes on another 
regulated market in the European Economic Area at the latest on the last day of this period of thirty 
Business Days, 
then any Note may, by notice in writing given to the Paying Agent at its specified office by the holder, be 
declared immediately due and payable whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note shall become 
immediately due and payable without further formality unless such event of default shall have been remedied 
prior to the receipt of such notice by the Paying Agent. 
10 
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions on 
meetings of Noteholders set out in Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) to these Conditions 
(the “Noteholders’ Provisions”). Meetings of Noteholders may be convened to consider matters in relation 
to the Notes, including the modification or waiver of the Notes or any of the Conditions applicable to the 
Series. For the avoidance of doubt, any modification or waiver of the Notes or the Conditions shall always be 
subject to the consent of the Issuer. 
A meeting of Noteholders may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding 
Notes. Any modification or waiver of the Notes or the Conditions of the Notes proposed by the Issuer may be 
made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Noteholders’ Provisions). However, any 
such proposal to (i) amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
or any other amounts due or payable under the Notes, (ii) assent to an extension of an interest period, a 
reduction of the applicable interest rate or a modification of the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment in circumstances 
not provided for in the Conditions, (iii) assent to a reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes, a decrease 
of the principal amount payable by the Issuer under the Notes or a modification of the conditions under which 
any redemption, substitution or variation may be made, (iv) amend Condition 2 (Status of the Notes and the 
Guarantees) or effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes 
into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person (it being understood, for 
the avoidance of any doubt, that no such resolution or consent of Noteholders shall be required for any 
exchange offer, tender offer or other form of liability management exercise by the Issuer or any other person 
that allows each Noteholder to individually decide to participate), (v) change the currency of payment of the 
Notes, (vi) modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or a Special Quorum Resolution or (vii) amend this 
provision, may only be sanctioned by a Special Quorum Resolution.

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
75 
Resolutions duly passed by a meeting of Noteholders of a Series in accordance with the Noteholders’ 
Provisions shall be binding on all Noteholders of that Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting 
and whether or not they vote in favour of such a resolution. 
The Noteholders’ Provisions furthermore provide that, for so long as the Notes are in dematerialised form and 
settled through the NBB-SSS, in respect of any matters proposed by the Issuer, the Issuer shall be entitled, 
where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the Noteholders through the 
relevant clearing systems as provided in the Noteholders’ Provisions, to rely upon approval of such resolution 
given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the 
relevant securities settlement system(s) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal 
amount of the Notes outstanding. To the extent such electronic consent is not being sought, the Noteholders’ 
Provisions provide that, if authorised by the Issuer and to the extent permitted by Belgian law, a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of holders of Notes of a Series of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the outstanding Notes of that Series shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of holders of Notes of that Series duly convened and held, 
provided that the terms of the proposed resolution shall have been notified in advance to those Noteholders 
of that Series through the relevant settlement system(s). Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more holders of Notes 
of that Series. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement and/or 
the Clearing Services Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders or which in the Agent’s opinion is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
11 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes (except that the issue date and the amount of the first payment of 
interest may be different in respect of different Tranches) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form 
a single Series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
12 
Notices 
Notices to Noteholders shall be valid if (i) delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the NBB-SSS for 
communication by it to the Participants and (ii) published on the website of the Issuer. Any such notice shall be 
deemed given on the date falling three Business Days after the date of its delivery to the NBB-SSS. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
and complies with all legal requirements, including the information obligations under Article 10 of the Law of 
2 August 2002 on the supervision of the financial sector and on financial services and the Royal Decree of 
14 November 2007 on issuer’s information obligations. 
13 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgement or order of a court of any jurisdiction, 
in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder in respect of any sum expressed 
to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer, as the case may be, to the extent of 
the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note that the recipient is able to purchase with the 
amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
76 
practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount 
received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note, the Issuer 
shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the 
recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient 
for the Noteholder to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These 
indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any 
Noteholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgement, order, claim or proof for a 
liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or any other judgement or order. 
14 
No hardship 
The Issuer acknowledges that the provisions of Article 5.74 of the Belgian Civil Code shall not apply to it with 
respect to its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and that it shall not be entitled to make any claim 
under Article 5.74 of the Belgian Civil Code. 
15 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Waiver of immunity 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction:  
 
The courts of Brussels (Belgium) are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may 
arise out of or in connection with the Notes and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising 
out or in connection with the Notes (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer and 
the Guarantors irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts and waive any objection to 
Proceedings in such courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have 
been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 
If “Prohibition of Sales to Consumers” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
paragraph (i) is without prejudice to the jurisdiction of any courts pursuant to Article 624, 1°, 2° and 
4° of the Belgian Judicial Code. 
(c) 
Waiver of immunity: The Issuer and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally to the fullest 
extent possible waive with respect to the Notes any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from 
jurisdiction or execution and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consent, to the fullest 
extent possible, to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process, including without limitation, the making, 
enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any 
order or judgement made or given in connection with any suit, action or proceeding.

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
77 
SCHEDULE 1 
PROVISIONS ON MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
Interpretation 
1. 
In this Schedule: 
1.1 
references to a “meeting” are to a meeting of Noteholders of a single Series of Notes and include, unless 
the context otherwise requires, any adjournment; 
1.2 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series and in respect of which a 
meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of those Notes, respectively; 
1.3 
“agent” means a holder of a Voting Certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Noteholder; 
1.4 
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS in 
accordance with paragraph 9; 
1.5 
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph 31.1; 
1.6 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed (a) at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and 
held in accordance with this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) by a majority of at least 
75 per cent. of the votes cast or (b) by a Written Resolution or (c) by an Electronic Consent; 
1.7 
“NBB-SSS” means the securities settlement system operated by the NBB or any successor thereto; 
1.8 
“Ordinary Resolution” means a resolution with regard to any of the matters listed in paragraph 4 and 
passed or proposed to be passed by a majority of at least 50 per cent. of the votes cast; 
1.9 
“Recognised Accountholder” means an entity recognised as accountholder in accordance with the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code with whom a Noteholder holds Notes; 
1.10 
“Voting Certificate” means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS in 
accordance with paragraph 8; 
1.11 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding; and  
1.12 
references to persons representing a proportion of the Notes are to Noteholders, proxies or representatives 
of such Noteholders holding or representing in the aggregate at least that proportion in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
General 
2. 
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions set out in this Schedule. 
Powers of meetings 
3. 
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and (except in the case of sub-paragraph 3.5) only with the 
consent of the Issuer and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons by this Schedule, have 
power by Extraordinary Resolution:

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
78 
3.1 
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise of, 
or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer (other than in accordance 
with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law); 
3.2 
to assent to any modification of this Schedule or the Notes proposed by the Issuer or the Agent; 
3.3 
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.4 
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.5 
to appoint any person or persons (whether Noteholders or not) as an individual or committee or 
committees to represent the Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers or discretions 
which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.6 
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal debtor 
under the Notes in circumstances not provided for in the Conditions or under applicable law; and 
3.7 
to accept any security interests established in favour of the Noteholders or a modification to the 
nature or scope of any existing security interest or a modification to the release mechanics of any 
existing security interests. 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 19 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution 
(a “Special Quorum Resolution”) for the purpose of making a modification to this Schedule or the Notes 
which would have the effect (other than in accordance with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law): 
(i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of 
interest or any other amounts due or payable under the Notes; 
(ii) 
to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate 
or a modification of the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of 
the Notes on redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment in circumstances 
not provided for in the Conditions; 
(iii) 
to assent to a reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes, a decrease of the principal 
amount payable by the Issuer under the Notes or a modification of the conditions under 
which any redemption, substitution or variation may be made; 
(iv) 
to amend Condition 2 (Status of the Notes and the Guarantees) or to effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, 
bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person (it being 
understood, for the avoidance of any doubt, that no such resolution or consent of 
Noteholders shall be required for any exchange offer, tender offer or other form of liability 
management exercise by the Issuer or any other person that allows each Noteholder to 
individually decide to participate); 
(v) 
to change the currency of payment of the Notes; 
(vi) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or a Special Quorum 
Resolution; or

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
79 
(vii) 
to amend this provision. 
Ordinary Resolution 
4. 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and without prejudice to any powers otherwise conferred on other 
persons by this Schedule, a meeting of Noteholders shall have power by Ordinary Resolution: 
4.1 
to assent to any decision to take any conservatory measures in the general interest of the Noteholders; 
4.2 
to assent to the appointment of any representative to implement any Ordinary Resolution; or 
4.3 
to assent to any other decisions which do not require an Extraordinary Resolution or a Special 
Quorum Resolution to be passed. 
Any modification or waiver of any of the Conditions shall always be subject to the consent of the Issuer. 
5. 
No amendment to this Schedule or the Notes which in the opinion of the Issuer relates to any of the matters 
listed in paragraph 4 above shall be effective unless approved at a meeting of Noteholders complying in all 
respect with the requirements of Belgian law and the provisions set out in this Schedule. 
Convening a meeting 
6. 
The Issuer may at any time convene a meeting. A meeting shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding at least 20 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Agent. 
7. 
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) not less than fifteen days prior to the relevant meeting. The notice shall specify the 
day, time and place of the meeting and the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how 
Noteholders may appoint proxies or representatives obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting 
Instructions and the details of the time limits applicable. 
Arrangements for voting 
8. 
A Voting Certificate shall: 
8.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS; 
8.2 
state that on the date thereof (i) the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Block Voting 
Instruction has been issued which is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Voting 
Certificate and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the 
satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS) held to its order or under its control 
and blocked by it and (ii) that no such Notes will cease to be so held and blocked until the first to 
occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certificate or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of the Voting Certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS 
who issued the same; and

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
80 
8.3 
further state that until the release of the Notes represented thereby the bearer of such certificate is 
entitled to attend and vote at such meeting and any such adjourned meeting in respect of the Notes 
represented by such certificate. 
9. 
A Block Voting Instruction shall: 
9.1 
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS; 
9.2 
certify that the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been issued and 
is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting Instruction and any such 
adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the satisfaction of such 
Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS) held to its order or under its control and blocked by it 
and that no such Notes will cease to be so held and blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii) 
the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS to the Issuer, 
stating that certain of such Notes cease to be held with it or under its control and blocked 
and setting out the necessary amendment to the Block Voting Instruction; 
9.3 
certify that each holder of such Notes has instructed such Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-
SSS that the vote(s) attributable to the Note or Notes so held and blocked should be cast in a particular 
way in relation to the resolution or resolutions which will be put to such meeting or any such 
adjourned meeting and that all such instructions cannot be revoked or amended during the period 
commencing three (3) Business Days prior to the time for which such meeting or any such adjourned 
meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion or adjournment thereof; 
9.4 
state the principal amount of the Notes so held and blocked, distinguishing with regard to each 
resolution between (i) those in respect of which instructions have been given as aforesaid that the 
votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the resolution, (ii) those in respect of which 
instructions have been so given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against the resolution 
and (iii) those in respect of which instructions have been so given to abstain from voting; and 
9.5 
naming one or more persons (each hereinafter called a “proxy”) as being authorised and instructed 
to cast the votes attributable to the Notes so listed in accordance with the instructions referred to in 
paragraph 9.4 above as set out in such document.  
10. 
If a holder of Notes wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a Block Voting Instruction for a 
meeting, he must block such Notes for that purpose at least three (3) Business Days before the time fixed 
for the meeting to the order of the Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the Agent for the 
purpose. The Agent or such bank or other depositary shall then issue a Block Voting Instruction in respect 
of the votes attributable to all Notes so blocked. 
11. 
No votes shall be validly cast at a meeting unless in accordance with a Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction. 
12. 
The proxy appointed for purposes of the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate does not need to be 
a Noteholder. 
13. 
Votes can only be validly cast in accordance with Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions in 
respect of Notes held to the order or under the control and blocked by a Recognised Accountholder or the

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
81 
NBB-SSS and which have been deposited at the registered office at the Issuer not less than three (3) and 
not more than six (6) Business Days before the time for which the meeting to which the relevant voting 
instructions and Block Voting Instructions relate, has been convened or called. The Voting Certificate and 
Block Voting Instructions shall be valid for as long as the relevant Notes continue to be so held and blocked. 
During the validity thereof, the holder of any such Voting Certificate or (as the case may be) the proxies 
named in any such Block Voting Instruction shall, for all purposes in connection with the relevant meeting, 
be deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
14. 
In default of a deposit, the Block Voting Instruction or the Voting Certificate shall not be treated as valid, 
unless the chairman of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds to 
business. 
15. 
A corporation which holds a Note may, by delivering at least three (3) Business Days before the time fixed 
for a meeting to a bank or other depositary appointed by the Agent for such purposes a certified copy of a 
resolution of its directors or other governing body or another certificate evidencing due authorisation (with, 
in each case, if it is not in English, a translation into English), authorise any person to act as its representative 
in connection with that meeting. 
Chairman 
16. 
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate, but if no such nomination is 
made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the meeting the 
Noteholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing which the Issuer may 
appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a Noteholder or agent. The chairman of an adjourned meeting 
need not be the same person as the chairman of the original meeting. 
Attendance 
17. 
The following may attend and speak at a meeting: 
17.1 
Noteholders and their respective agents, financial and legal advisers; 
17.2 
the chairman and the secretary of the meeting; 
17.3 
the Issuer and the Agent (through their respective representatives) and their respective financial and 
legal advisers; and 
17.4 
any other person approved by the Meeting. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
18. 
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at the 
commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed for 
the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any other case it shall 
be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 42 days later, and time and place as the chairman 
may decide. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so adjourned, 
the meeting shall be dissolved. 
19. 
One or more Noteholders or agents present in person shall be a quorum:

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
82 
19.1 
in the cases marked “No minimum proportion” in the table below, whatever the proportion of the 
Notes which they represent 
19.2 
in any other case, only if they represent the proportion of the Notes shown by the table below. 
 
Purpose of meeting 
Any meeting except for a 
meeting previously 
adjourned through want of a 
quorum 
Meeting previously 
adjourned through want of a 
quorum 
 
Required proportion 
Required proportion 
To pass a Special Quorum 
Resolution 
75 per cent. 
25 per cent. 
To pass any other Extraordinary 
Resolution 
A majority 
No minimum proportion 
To pass an Ordinary Resolution 
A majority 
No minimum proportion 
 
20. 
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting adjourn the meeting from time 
to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the original meeting, 
may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph or paragraph 18. 
21. 
At least ten (10) days’ notice of a meeting adjourned due to the quorum not being present shall be given in 
the same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned 
meeting. Subject as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any other notice of an adjourned general 
meeting. 
Voting 
22. 
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands, unless a poll is (before, or on 
the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer or one or more 
persons representing 2 per cent. of the Notes. 
23. 
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been passed shall 
be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in favour of 
or against it. 
24. 
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided below) either at once or 
after such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution 
of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall not prevent 
the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has been 
demanded. 
25. 
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once.

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
83 
26. 
On a show of hands or a poll every person has one vote in respect of each Note so produced or represented 
by the voting certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to the 
obligations of proxies, a person entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all in the 
same way. 
27. 
In case of equality of votes the chairman shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting vote in 
addition to any other votes which he may have. 
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution, a Special Quorum Resolution and an 
Ordinary Resolution 
28. 
An Extraordinary Resolution, a Special Quorum Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution shall be binding on 
all the Noteholders, whether or not present at the meeting, and each of them shall be bound to give effect to 
it accordingly. The passing of such a resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify 
its being passed. The Issuer shall give notice of the passing of an Extraordinary Resolution, a 
Special Quorum Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution to Noteholders within fourteen (14) days but failure 
to do so shall not invalidate the resolution. 
Minutes 
29. 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters in them. Until the contrary is proved, every meeting for which minutes have been so made and 
signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
30. 
The minutes must be published on the website of the Issuer within fifteen (15) days after they have been 
passed. 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
31. 
For so long as the Notes are in dematerialised form and settled through the NBB-SSS, then in respect of any 
matters proposed by the Issuer: 
31.1 
Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the Noteholders through the 
relevant securities settlement system(s) as provided in sub-paragraphs (a) and/or (b) below, the Issuer shall 
be entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant securities settlement system(s) to the Agent 
or another specified agent in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (the “Required 
Proportion”) by close of business on the Specified Date (“Electronic Consent”). Any resolution passed in 
such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. The Issuer shall not be liable or responsible to anyone for such reliance. 
(a) 
When a proposal for a resolution to be passed as an Electronic Consent has been made, at least 
fifteen (15) days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which 
affirmative consents will be counted) shall be given to the Noteholders through the relevant 
securities settlement system(s). The notice shall specify, in sufficient detail to enable Noteholders 
to give their consents in relation to the proposed resolution, the method by which their consents 
may be given (including, where applicable, blocking of their accounts in the relevant securities 
settlement system(s)) and the time and date (the “Specified Date”) by which they must be received

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
84 
in order for such consents to be validly given, in each case subject to and in accordance with the 
operating rules and procedures of the relevant securities settlement system(s). 
(b) 
If, on the Specified Date on which the consents in respect of an Electronic Consent are first 
counted, such consents do not represent the Required Proportion, the resolution shall be deemed 
to be defeated. Such determination shall be notified in writing to the Agent. Alternatively, the 
Issuer may give a further notice to Noteholders that the resolution will be proposed again on such 
date and for such period as determined by the Issuer. Such notice must inform Noteholders that 
insufficient consents were received in relation to the original resolution and the information 
specified in sub-paragraph (a) above. For the purpose of such further notice, references to 
“Specified Date” shall be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a resolution proposed by 
the Issuer which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly convened in accordance with 
paragraph 7 above, unless that meeting is or shall be cancelled or dissolved. 
31.2 
Unless Electronic Consent is being sought in accordance with paragraph 31.1, a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall 
for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution, a Special Quorum Resolution or 
an Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, provided that the terms 
of the proposed resolution have been notified in advance to the Noteholders through the relevant securities 
settlement system(s). Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents 
in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. For the purpose of determining 
whether a resolution in writing has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or 
instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer (a) by accountholders in the securities settlement system(s) 
with entitlements to the Notes or (b) where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of 
another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder 
for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent 
or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case 
of (a) above, the NBB-SSS, Euroclear, Clearstream or any other relevant alternative securities settlement 
system (the “relevant securities settlement system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant securities 
settlement system and the accountholder identified by the relevant securities settlement system for the 
purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if 
the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document may 
comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant securities 
settlement system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream’s CreationOnline system) in accordance 
with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of 
Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any 
person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to 
such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
32. 
A Written Resolution or Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution, a Special 
Quorum Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution. A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be 
binding on all Noteholders whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic 
Consent.

--- Page 85 ---
Settlement 
85 
PART V – SETTLEMENT 
The Notes will be accepted for settlement through the NBB-SSS and will accordingly be subject to the NBB-SSS 
Regulations. 
The number of Notes in circulation at any time will be registered in the register of securities of the Issuer in the name 
of the NBB. 
Access to the NBB-SSS is available through direct Participants in the NBB-SSS, whose membership extends to 
securities such as the Notes, and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through any 
Participant. Participants include certain banks, stockbrokers (beursvennootschappen/sociétés de bourse) as well as 
certain central securities depositories (the latter being, on the date of this Base Prospectus, Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”), Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”), Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (“Clearstream”), 
SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. (“Euronext Securities Milan”), Interbolsa S.A. (“Euronext 
Securities Porto”) and LuxCSD S.A. (“LuxCSD”)). The current list of any central securities depositories or any 
other institutions that are, at any time, a Participant of the NBB-SSS can be found on the website of the NBB. 
Accordingly, the Notes will be eligible to clear through, and therefore be accepted by, any such central securities 
depository that is a Participant of the NBB-SSS. 
Transfers of interests in the Notes will be effected between Participants in accordance with the rules and operating 
procedures of the NBB-SSS. Transfers between investors will be effected in accordance with the respective rules and 
operating procedures of the Participants through which they hold their Notes. 
The Agent will perform the obligations of paying agent included in the service contract for the issuance of fixed 
income securities dated 16 November 2020 between the Issuer, the NBB and the Agent. 
The Issuer and the Agent will not have any responsibility for the proper performance by the NBB-SSS or its 
Participants of their obligations under their respective rules and operating procedures.

--- Page 86 ---
Form of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letters 
86 
PART VI – FORM OF THE GUARANTEE AND THE GUARANTEE CONFIRMATION 
LETTERS 
1 
Form of the Guarantee 
This is the form of the Guarantee which was granted by each of the Guarantors on 17 November 2020 in the 
context of the establishment of the Programme. Please refer to sections 2 and 3 below for the forms of the 
Guarantee Confirmation Letter and the Second Guarantee Confirmation Letter, respectively. 
Abstract and Non-Accessory Guarantee of [name of the Guarantor] 
For the benefit of:  Any person (each, a “Noteholder”) holding directly or indirectly any of the notes issued 
under the Programme (as defined below) (the “Notes”) 
Date: 
17 November 2020 
 
In consideration of: 
 
Fluvius System Operator CV acting as issuer (the “Issuer”) under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Guaranteed 
Euro Medium Term Note programme (the “Programme”); and 
 
Fluvius System Operator CV as issuer, Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, 
Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas as guarantors and Belfius Bank SA/NV and 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV as co-arrangers and dealers entering into a programme agreement dated 
17 November 2020 relating to the Programme (including its schedules) (the “Programme Agreement”). 
 
[name of the Guarantor], organised as an “opdrachthoudende vereniging” under the laws of Belgium, having 
its registered office at [registered office of the Guarantor], Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank of 
Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) under the number 
[registration number of the Guarantor] (RLE [relevant reference of the Guarantor]), (the “Guarantor”) 
unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to each Noteholder the due and punctual payment, in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) (terms defined in the Terms and 
Conditions shall, insofar as the context so admits, have the same meaning when used herein), of the Proportional 
Share (as defined below) of the principal of, interest (if any) on, and any other amounts payable under the Notes 
to the Noteholders on the date specified for such payment (whether on the normal due date, on acceleration or 
otherwise) (the “Guarantee”) upon the following terms: 
(i) 
in the event of any failure by the Issuer to pay punctually any such principal, interest or other amount, 
the Guarantor agrees to cause each and every such payment to be made as if the Guarantor is, instead of 
the Issuer, expressed to be the primary obligor of the Notes with the intent that the Noteholder shall 
receive the same amounts in respect of principal, interest or such other amount as would have been 
received by it had such payments been made by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Guarantor agrees that its obligations under this Guarantee shall be abstract, non-accessory, 
independent, unconditional and irrevocable and on a first demand basis without raising any objections 
of whatever nature arising out of the underlying obligation of the Issuer relating to the Notes, irrespective 
of the absence of any action to enforce the same, the recovery of any judgment against the Issuer or any 
action to enforce the same or any other circumstance relating to the underlying Note which might 
otherwise constitute a discharge or defence of a guarantor, it being understood that no demand shall be

--- Page 87 ---
Form of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letters 
87 
accepted in the event that all payments of principal, interest or other amount due under the Notes have 
been punctually made by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the Guarantor agrees that nothing in this Guarantee shall be construed so that this Guarantee constitutes 
a surety (borgtocht/cautionnement) and that nothing in this Guarantee will affect its intention to grant an 
independent 
and 
abstract 
guarantee 
pursuant 
to 
this 
Guarantee 
and 
not 
a 
surety 
(borgtocht/cautionnement); 
(iv) 
the Guarantor confirms, and by accepting the benefit of this Guarantee each Noteholder acknowledges 
and agrees, that the Guarantor’s obligations under this Guarantee in respect of the Notes shall, at all 
times, be limited to the proportional share it holds in the share capital of the Issuer as of the date of the 
issue of such Notes, as set out in the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Notes (the “Proportional 
Share”); 
(v) 
the Guarantor confirms, with respect to each Note, that it does not have and will not assert as a defence 
to any claim hereunder any right to require any proceedings to be first commenced or made against the 
Issuer nor will it assert as a defence to any claim hereunder any lack of diligence, presentment to the 
Issuer or the Agents of any demand for payment from the Issuer or the Agents, any filing of claims with 
any court in the event of merger, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, any protest, notice or any other 
demand whatsoever (other than a demand for payment of this Guarantee in compliance with the terms 
hereof) and the Guarantor confirms that this Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete 
performance of the obligations contained in each Note and in this Guarantee;  
(vi) 
this Guarantee constitutes an abstract, non-accessory, independent, direct, unconditional, irrevocable, 
first demand, unsubordinated and unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and ranks pari passu (subject 
to mandatorily preferred debts under applicable laws), equally and rateably with all other present and 
future outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor; 
(vii) 
the Guarantor agrees that it shall comply with and be bound by those provisions contained in the Terms 
and Conditions, the Agency Agreement and the Programme Agreement of the Notes which relate to it; 
(viii) this Guarantee shall be to the benefit of each Noteholder and its (and any subsequent) successor and 
assigns, each of which shall be entitled severally to enforce this Guarantee against the Guarantor; 
(ix) 
the records of the securities settlement system operator shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive evidence of the identity of the Noteholder, the number of entries credited to the securities 
account of such Noteholder with such securities settlement system operator at the relevant time and the 
amounts represented by such entries, as set forth in the Terms and Conditions; 
(x) 
the Guarantor represents and warrants (which representations and warranties shall be deemed to be 
repeated on each day that this Guarantee continues in force) that: 
(a) 
the Guarantor is a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging) (or, in the case 
of a future change of the law, an equivalent or similar legal entity) with the power to enter into 
and to perform the obligations expressed to be assumed by it under the agreements to which it is 
expressed to be a party in connection with the Programme and the issue of the Notes; the 
Guarantor has the power to execute and deliver this Guarantee and to perform its obligations 
under this Guarantee and has taken all necessary action to authorise such execution and delivery 
and performance of such obligations; 
(b) 
the Guarantor is aware of the representations made and warranties given by the Issuer under the 
Programme Agreement;

--- Page 88 ---
Form of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letters 
88 
(c) 
this Guarantee constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Guarantor duly 
enforceable in accordance with its terms; the Guarantor shall not in any circumstances challenge 
the legality, validity or enforceability of this Guarantee; 
(d) 
the execution and performance of this Guarantee does not contravene any provision of any 
existing law, decree or regulation or of its constitutive documents or of any agreement to which 
it is a party; 
(e) 
it is not engaged in or under threat of any litigation nor is it in default in respect of any financial 
commitment which might in either case affect its ability to perform its obligations under this 
Guarantee; and 
(f) 
all payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Guarantor in respect of any Note 
while it is held by an eligible investor (as defined in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 
26 May 1994, as in force on the date hereof) in the securities settlement system operated by the 
National Bank of Belgium shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within Belgium or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax; 
(xi) 
in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer if any moneys are payable by the Guarantor under this 
Guarantee, the Guarantor shall, until all moneys due from the Issuer to the Noteholders shall have been 
paid in full, hold the benefit of all its claims against the Issuer for the account of the Noteholders to pay 
the same to the Noteholders and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably authorises and requires the Issuer and 
any liquidator of the Issuer to pay the Noteholders to the extent that all moneys due under the Notes shall 
not have been paid in full, all moneys payable to the Guarantor in respect of such claims; 
(xii) 
the Guarantor shall not be subrogated in the rights of any Noteholder, make any claim against the Issuer 
in connection with this Guarantee or its enforcement or receive the benefit of any security enjoyed in 
connection with the Notes by any Noteholder until any principal, interest or other amount payable under 
the Notes to the Noteholders has been finally discharged and there is no possibility of any further 
payment under the Guarantee coming into existence. The Guarantor shall not be entitled to claim against 
any other guarantor for a contribution towards the payments that it has made to the Noteholders; 
(xiii) a demand or notice hereunder shall be in writing signed by a duly authorised officer, representative or 
agent of the Noteholder and specify name, address and bank account details of the relevant Noteholder 
and the number of Notes such Noteholder owns; the demand or notice must be sent to the Guarantor by 
registered mail with a form for acknowledgement of receipt, at the following address: 
[notice details of the Guarantor] 
If a Noteholder fails to exercise or delays the exercise of its rights under this Guarantee, this shall under 
no circumstances constitute a waiver of its rights; if a Noteholder partly exercises any rights in respect 
of this Guarantee, this shall not prevent the future or further exercise of such rights or the exercise of 
any other rights by a Noteholder; 
(xiv) references to the Noteholders, the Issuer and the Guarantor include their respective successors and 
assigns; references to persons include references to companies, corporations, firms, governments, states 
or state agencies, associations and any other legal entities; and (where the context so permits) the singular 
includes the plural and vice versa; 
(xv) 
this Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Belgium; claims against the Guarantor

--- Page 89 ---
Form of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letters 
89 
thereunder may be brought before the courts in Brussels, Belgium, which shall have exclusive 
competence;  
(xvi) the Guarantor shall not be entitled to assign or transfer all or any of its rights, benefits and obligations 
hereunder, without prejudice to its ability to merge or engage in any other form of reorganisation in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions; and 
(xvii) the Guarantor hereby (a) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, with respect to itself 
and its revenues and assets (irrespective of their use or intended use), all immunity on the grounds of 
sovereignty or other similar grounds from (I) suit, (II) jurisdiction of any court, (III) relief by way of 
injunction, order for specific performance or for recovery of property, (IV) attachment of its assets 
(whether before or after judgement) and (V) execution or enforcement of any judgement to which it or 
its revenues or assets might otherwise be entitled in any proceedings in the courts of any jurisdiction and 
(b) irrevocably agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that it will not claim any such immunity 
in any proceedings. 
 
This abstract and non-accessory Guarantee has been executed on 17 November 2020. 
 
[name of the Guarantor] 
as Guarantor 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
Title: 
Name: 
Title:

--- Page 90 ---
Form of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letters 
90 
2 
Form of the Guarantee Confirmation Letter 
This is the form of the Guarantee Confirmation Letter which was granted by each of the Guarantors on 
9 November 2021 in the context of the first annual update of the Programme to confirm that the Guarantors’ 
obligations under their respective Guarantee in respect of any Notes issued after the date of the relevant 
Guarantee Confirmation Letter shall, at all times, be limited to the proportional share of contributions which 
the relevant Guarantor has made in the Issuer as of the date of the issue of such Notes. Please refer to section 1 
above for the form of the Guarantee and to section 3 below for the form of the Second Guarantee Confirmation 
Letter, respectively. 
Confirmation Letter in relation to the Abstract and Non-Accessory Guarantee of [name of the 
Guarantor] originally granted on 17 November 2020 
For the benefit of: 
Any person (each, a “Noteholder”) holding directly or indirectly any of the notes 
issued under the Programme (as defined below) (the “Notes”) 
Date: 
 
9 November 2021 
In consideration of: 
 
Fluvius System Operator CV acting as issuer (the “Issuer”) under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Guaranteed 
Euro Medium Term Note programme originally established on 17 November 2020 (the “Programme”); 
 
Fluvius System Operator CV as issuer, Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, 
Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas as guarantors and Belfius Bank SA/NV and 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV as co-arrangers and dealers having entered into a programme agreement 
relating to the Programme on 17 November 2020, as will be amended and restated from time to time 
during the term of the Programme and which was most recently amended and restated pursuant to an 
amendment and restatement agreement dated 9 November 2021 (including its schedules); and 
 
[name of the Guarantor], organised as an “opdrachthoudende vereniging” under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at [registered office of the Guarantor], Belgium and registered with the 
Crossroads Bank of Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des 
Entreprises) under the number [registration number of the Guarantor] (RLE [relevant reference of the 
Guarantor]), (the “Guarantor”) having unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on 
17 November 2020 to each Noteholder the due and punctual payment, in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) (terms defined in the Terms and Conditions shall, 
insofar as the context so admits, have the same meaning when used herein), of the Proportional Share 
(as defined below) of the principal of, interest (if any) on, and any other amounts payable under the 
Notes to the Noteholders on the date specified for such payment (whether on the normal due date, on 
acceleration or otherwise) (the “Guarantee”). 
Reference is made to the Guarantee. This confirmation of the Guarantee is given upon the following terms: 
(i) 
the Guarantor confirms that the Guarantee shall continue to remain in full force and effect in respect 
of, and shall apply on the terms thereof to, any Notes issued under the Programme, and notwithstanding 
any changes that have been made to the Terms and Conditions since the date of the Guarantee; 
(ii) 
the Guarantor confirms that the Guarantee has been approved by its Board of Directors for any issuance 
of Notes under the Programme for a term of the Programme of ten years as from its establishment; 
(iii) 
the Guarantor confirms, and by accepting the benefit of the Guarantee as confirmed by this 
confirmation letter each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees, that the Guarantor’s obligations under 
the Guarantee in respect of any Notes issued after the date of this confirmation letter shall, at all times,

--- Page 91 ---
Form of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letters 
91 
be limited to the proportional share of contributions which the Guarantor has made in the Issuer as of 
the date of the issue of such Notes, as set out in the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Notes (the 
“Proportional Share”); and 
(iv) 
this confirmation letter and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Belgium; claims against the 
Guarantor thereunder may be brought before the courts in Brussels, Belgium, which shall have 
exclusive competence. 
This confirmation letter has been executed on 9 November 2021. 
[name of the Guarantor] 
as Guarantor 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
Title: 
Name: 
Title:

--- Page 92 ---
Form of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letters 
92 
3 
Form of the Second Guarantee Confirmation Letter 
This is the form of the Second Guarantee Confirmation Letter which was granted by each of the Guarantors on 
6 June 2023 in the context of the annual update of the Programme which expanded the Programme to allow for 
issuances to retail investors and to consumers to confirm that the Guarantors’ obligations under their respective 
Guarantee in respect of any Notes issued after the date of the relevant Second Guarantee Confirmation Letter 
shall extend to obligations under such Notes. Please refer to section 1 above for the form of the Guarantee and 
to section 2 above for the form of the Guarantee Confirmation Letter, respectively. 
Second Guarantee Confirmation Letter in relation to the Abstract and Non-Accessory Guarantee of 
[name of the Guarantor] originally granted on 17 November 2020 and confirmed pursuant to a guarantee 
confirmation letter dated 9 November 2021 
For the benefit of: 
Any person (each, a “Noteholder”) holding directly or indirectly any of the notes 
issued under the Programme (as defined below) (the “Notes”) 
Date: 
 
6 June 2023 
In consideration of: 
 
Fluvius System Operator CV acting as issuer (the “Issuer”) under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Guaranteed 
Euro Medium Term Note programme originally established on 17 November 2020 (the “Programme”); 
 
Fluvius System Operator CV as issuer, Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, 
Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas as guarantors and Belfius Bank SA/NV and 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV as co-arrangers and dealers having entered into a programme agreement 
relating to the Programme on 17 November 2020, as will be amended and restated from time to time 
during the term of the Programme and which was most recently amended and restated pursuant to an 
amendment and restatement agreement dated 6 June 2023 (including its schedules);  
 
[name of the Guarantor], organised as an “opdrachthoudende vereniging” under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at [registered office of the Guarantor], Belgium and registered with the 
Crossroads Bank of Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des 
Entreprises) under the number [registration number of the Guarantor] (RLE [relevant reference of the 
Guarantor]), (the “Guarantor”) having unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on 
17 November 2020 (as confirmed for the first time pursuant to a guarantee confirmation letter dated 9 
November 2021) to each Noteholder the due and punctual payment, in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) (terms defined in the Terms and Conditions shall, 
insofar as the context so admits, have the same meaning when used herein), of the proportional share of 
contributions which it has made in the Issuer as of the date of the issue of such Notes, as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms applicable to such Notes, of the principal of, interest (if any) on, and any other 
amounts payable under the Notes to the Noteholders on the date specified for such payment (whether on 
the normal due date, on acceleration or otherwise) (the “Guarantee”); and 
 
on or about the date of this Second Guarantee Confirmation Letter, a number of changes having been 
made to the Programme and the Terms and Conditions, including (without limitation), among other 
things, (i) to expand the Programme to allow for certain Series of Notes to be issued in Specified 
Denominations of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and/or to be offered, 
sold 
or 
otherwise 
made 
available 
to 
retail 
investors 
and/or 
to 
“consumers” 
(consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van 
economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended (the “Retail Expansion”) and (ii) to comply

--- Page 93 ---
Form of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letters 
93 
with certain rules and regulations, including under the Belgian Code of Economic Law, that are 
applicable to the Programme due to the Retail Expansion. 
Reference is made to the Guarantee. This Second Guarantee Confirmation Letter is given upon the following 
terms: 
(i) 
the Guarantor confirms that the Guarantee shall continue to remain in full force and effect in respect 
of, and shall apply on the terms thereof to, any Notes issued under the Programme, and notwithstanding 
any changes that have been made to the Programme and the Terms and Conditions since the date of the 
Guarantee or that may be made in the future; 
(ii) 
the Guarantor confirms that the Guarantee has been approved by its Board of Directors for any issuance 
of Notes under the Programme, as amended from time to time, for a term of the Programme of ten 
years as from its establishment 17 November 2020;  
(iii) 
this Second Guarantee Confirmation Letter and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Belgium; 
claims against the Guarantor thereunder may be brought before the courts in Brussels, Belgium, which 
shall have exclusive competence; and 
(iv) 
the Guarantor acknowledges that the provisions of Article 5.74 of the Belgian Civil Code shall not 
apply to it with respect to its obligations under the Guarantee and that it shall not be entitled to make 
any claim under Article 5.74 of the Belgian Civil Code. 
This confirmation letter has been executed on 6 June 2023. 
[name of the Guarantor] 
as Guarantor 
 
 
 
 
Name: 
Title: 
Name: 
Title:

--- Page 94 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
94 
PART VII – DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS 
1 
General information on the Issuer  
1.1 
General information 
Legal name, form and place of registration  
The Issuer’s legal name is Fluvius System Operator CV (“Fluvius”, “Fluvius System Operator” or the 
“Issuer”). The abbreviated and commercial name of the Issuer is “Fluvius”. 
The Issuer is registered with the register of legal entities (rechtspersonenregister/registre des personnes 
morales) of Ghent (section Ghent) under enterprise number (ondernemingsnummer/numéro 
d’entreprise) 0477.445.084. Its Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code is 549300WSQWO0M3PK2J78. 
The Issuer is organised as a cooperative company (coöperatieve vennootschap/société coopérative) 
under Belgian law for an unlimited duration. 
The Issuer’s registered office is at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium. The general telephone 
number is +32 78 353534. The current articles of association of Fluvius System Operator were approved 
on 23 December 2020 and have been most recently updated on 14 December 2022 to reflect the renewal 
of the sub-delegation regarding real estate transactions for the Guarantors. 
The Issuer’s website can be accessed via www.fluvius.be. Information contained on websites mentioned 
in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Summary of the principal activities of the Issuer and its role within the Fluvius Economic Group  
The Issuer develops, manages and maintains utility networks for electricity and gas distribution, public 
lighting, sewerage, CATV and district heating and the data management related to these activities. 
Almost all network infrastructure is owned by the Guarantors. Fluvius System Operator has been 
mandated as the operating company (werkmaatschappij) of the eleven Flemish intermunicipal 
companies that are the Guarantors. Its role relates to operating and maintaining the networks, preparing 
the decision-making process at the level of the Guarantors, undertaking all tasks of corporate secretariat 
for the Guarantors and undertaking other tasks for the Guarantors, such as relating to human resources, 
payroll and accounting support (taking into account the fact that the Guarantors do not have their own 
staff). In the intermunicipalities’ name and for their account, Fluvius System Operator operates the 
networks for electricity, gas and sewerage and exercises public service obligations in relation to 
electricity and gas. Fluvius System Operator carries out its operational activities at cost without charging 
any commercial margin to the Guarantors. This means that all costs incurred by Fluvius System Operator 
(materials and services, personnel costs, etc.) are passed through to the Guarantors according to fixed 
allocation rules. Each month Fluvius System Operator invoices each of the Guarantors for the 
operational services rendered.  
The Issuer currently has three consolidated subsidiaries: De Stroomlijn CV (“De Stroomlijn”), 
Atrias CV (“Atrias”) and Synductis CV (“Synductis”) (together, the “Subsidiaries”). De Stroomlijn is 
integrally consolidated with Fluvius System Operator. Atrias and Synductis are consolidated with 
Fluvius System Operator according to the equity method. Please refer to section 1.6 – ‘The Issuer’s 
Subsidiaries’ for more information on this topic.

--- Page 95 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
95 
The Issuer, the Guarantors, the Issuer’s Subsidiaries, Fluvius Opdrachthoudende Vereniging (“Fluvius 
OV”) and Interkabel together form the “Fluvius Economic Group”. Please refer to section 1.7 – ‘The 
Fluvius (consolidated) group and the Fluvius Economic Group’. 
As further outlined in article 2 of the Issuer’s articles of association, the corporate object of Fluvius 
System Operator has been defined as follows:  
 
executing all operational activities related to the distribution of electricity and (natural) gas19; 
 
executing all activities related to the development, the operations, the usage and the maintenance 
of other cables-and-pipes utility activities, such as sewerage networks, water distribution 
networks, public lighting networks, public electronic communication cable networks and heating 
grid distribution networks; 
 
executing all activities of data manager; 
 
executing all activities of heating grid manager; 
 
executing all activities related to the management of the (strategic) participations and financings; 
 
carrying out connections, installing and putting into service meters (digital meters, analogue 
meters and electronic meters) and the management of the access register; 
 
delivering a qualitative service to the grid users and other market players in general; 
 
registering or recording the meter readings, either from a distance or at the grid users, the 
validation and the management of these metering data and supplying them to the relevant market 
parties; 
 
executing all activities related to rendering energy services and facilities to distribution grid users, 
amongst others within the framework of its shareholders’ activities, from an administrative, 
technical, commercial and social viewpoint; 
 
executing all activities related to providing information to energy service providers (ESCOs), 
aggregators, the competent regulator and the authorities, for the performance of their tasks; 
 
in general, delivering management and other services to and putting its know-how at the disposal 
of its shareholders; 
 
the preparation and the implementation of all decisions taken by the governing bodies of its 
shareholders; and 
 
the consultation on distribution grid problems and the promotion of the cooperation between 
shareholders. 
Relevant markets  
Fluvius System Operator operates in all 300 Flemish cities and communities (the “Flemish Region”) in 
Belgium. Fluvius System Operator has no activities outside Belgium.  
 
19 As at the date of this Base Prospectus, “gas” refers to a mixture of “natural gas”, “biogas” and/or “synthetic gas”, to the extent that the latter 
two are allowed to be injected and are effectively injected into the gas distribution networks of the Guarantors. Natural gas refers to fossil gas 
found underground in nature. Biogas refers to forms of renewable gas extracted from biological processes (e.g. using organic waste material 
as source). Synthetic gas refers to gas obtained from a chemical reaction. Since recent years, other forms of gas (e.g. biomethane) are effectively 
being injected into the gas distribution grids of the Guarantors. For the sake of simplicity, “gas” is used throughout this document to point at 
the mixture described above.

--- Page 96 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
96 
1.2 
A brief history of the Issuer  
The Issuer was incorporated under Belgian law as a limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap/ 
société anonyme) named “Electrabel Netmanagement Flanders”, abbreviated to “ENF”, by a notarial 
deed of 29 April 2002, drawn up by Mr Thierry Van Halteren, associated notary public in Brussels, and 
published in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette on 11 May 2002 under number 20020511-609.  
The name “Electrabel Netmanagement Flanders – ENF” was changed into “Electrabel Netten 
Vlaanderen - ENV” by a decision of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 22 
September 2003. 
The company’s name was subsequently changed into “Eandis” by a decision of the General Assembly 
on 30 March 2006. At this same date, the company took the form of a limited liability cooperative society 
and a merger was realised with GeDIS and Indexis’s Flemish platform by a notarial deed of the same 
date, drawn up by Mr Xavier Desmet, notary public in Antwerp, and published in the Annexes to the 
Belgian State Gazette on 27 April 2006 under number 06074304. 
The company’s name was changed into “Eandis System Operator cvba” on 30 December 2015. 
The company’s name was changed into its current name “Fluvius System Operator” by a decision of its 
General Assembly on 28 June 2018, with effect as from 1 July 2018. This change of name was part of a 
merger transaction (merger by absorption (fusie door opsplorping/fusion par absorption)), also with 
effect as from 1 July 2018, in which Eandis System Operator cvba (“Eandis System Operator”) 
absorbed Infrax cvba (“Infrax”). At that time, Eandis System Operator and Infrax were the two operating 
companies working on behalf of a number of DSOs in the Flemish Region. The merger transaction was 
a share-based transaction only, without any cash transfers between the parties and/or shareholders 
involved. On 1 April 2019, the Issuer also became responsible for the network operations of former 
Integan (around 150 people were allocated to the Issuer at that time), as a consequence of the merger of 
Integan with Imea and IVEG into Fluvius Antwerpen, one of the Guarantors. 
Finally, the current articles of association of the Issuer were adopted by the Extraordinary General 
Meeting of Shareholders held on 14 December 2022 with a view to, almost exclusively, aligning them 
with recent changes to the activity of public electronic communication (cable) networks. They anticipate 
the transfer of the public electronic communication networks activity (cable distribution cable 
infrastructure) to the independent entity to be created together with the telecom company Telenet (with 
the working name 'NetCo' and with a private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap/société 
à responsabilité limitée) as legal form). The amended articles of association mainly define the financial 
and other arrangements for the 'K' shares relating to the public electronic communication networks 
activity, e.g., cost and revenue sharing, profit distribution mechanism, etc. The amendments to the 
articles of association also include a number of textual and rather technical corrections and refinements. 
1.3 
The Issuer’s corporate structure 
Corporate organisation of the Issuer  
At 31 December 2022, Fluvius System Operator20 employed 4,770 people corresponding to 4,574.22 
full-time equivalents.  
 
20 Excluding the statutory staff employed by Fluvius OV. At 31 December 2022, Fluvius OV’s staff amounted to 667 employees (643,81 full-
time equivalents). For more details on Fluvius OV, see section 1.8 – ‘Fluvius OV’.

--- Page 97 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
97 
The Guarantors are Fluvius System Operator’s sole shareholders. No shareholder exercises control over 
the Issuer. The table below reflects the Guarantors’ shareholding in Fluvius System Operator as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus (in terms of contribution (inbreng/apport)): 
 
Shareholder 
“A” shares with  
voting rights 
% 
Contribution 
(in EUR) 
Fluvius Antwerpen
4,688,069
18.10%
232,400 
Fluvius Limburg
4,666,524
18.02%
231,332 
Imewo
3,767,084
14.54%
186,744 
Iverlek
3,486,875
13.46%
172,853 
Gaselwest
2,687,523
10.38%
133,227 
Intergem
1,840,902
7.11%
91,258 
Iveka
1,570,114
6.06%
77,835 
Fluvius West
1,357,143
5.24%
67,277 
PBE
945,183
3.65%
46,855 
Sibelgas
497,124
1.92%
24,644 
Riobra
394,394
1.52%
19,551 
TOTAL 
25,900,935 
100.00% 
1,283,976 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has only issued A shares with voting rights, all of which 
are ordinary nominative shares, each representing an equal share in the Issuer’s contributions totalling 
EUR 1,283,975.84 as at the date of this Base Prospectus. All shares have been fully paid up and are 
registered in Fluvius System Operator’s shareholder register. Each shareholder of an A share is entitled 
to one vote per share in Fluvius System Operator’s General Assembly.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Fluvius System Operator has not issued any profit-sharing 
certificates. 
The shareholding of the respective Guarantors in Fluvius System Operator is based on the number of 
EANs21 as at 31 December 2016. 
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors of Fluvius System Operator, which according to Fluvius System Operator’s 
articles of association consists of a maximum of twenty members, is responsible for Fluvius System 
Operator’s general policy and corporate decisions. The nineteen members of the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors22 at the date of this Base Prospectus are listed in the table below. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, one board mandate remains open pending the proposal (by Fluvius Antwerpen) of a new 
director. 
Name and function within the Issuer’s Board of Directors (represented shareholder) / municipality and 
function in the municipality at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Wim DRIES, chairman (Fluvius Limburg) 
Genk, mayor  
Koen KENNIS, 1st vice-chairman (Fluvius Antwerpen) 
Antwerp, alderman  
 
21 European Article Numbering. One EAN corresponds to one physical connection to a distribution grid operated by the Issuer. 
22 As at the date of this Base Prospectus, these 20 board mandates are distributed among the shareholders as follows: Fluvius Antwerpen: 3 
mandates; Fluvius Limburg: 3 mandates; Gaselwest: 2 mandates; Iverlek: 2 mandates; Iveka: 2 mandates; Fluvius West: 1 mandate; Imewo: 
2 mandates; Sibelgas: 1 mandate; Intergem: 2 mandates; PBE: 1 mandate; and Riobra: 1 mandate.

--- Page 98 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
98 
Christophe PEETERS, 2nd vice-chairman (Imewo) 
Ghent, city councillor  
Hans BONTE, 3rd vice-chairman (Sibelgas) 
Vilvoorde, mayor  
Piet BUYSE (Intergem) 
Dendermonde, mayor 
Geert CLUCKERS (PBE) 
Diest, alderman 
Lieven COBBAERT (Gaselwest) 
Ichtegem, mayor 
David COPPENS (Intergem)  
Aalst, chairman of the city council  
Jan DALEMANS (Fluvius Limburg) 
Hechtel-Eksel, mayor 
Charlotte DE BACKER (Imewo) 
Ostend, councillor 
Christof DEJAEGHER (Gaselwest) 
Poperinge, mayor  
Jan DESMETH (Iverlek) 
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw, mayor 
Ine FRANSSEN (Fluvius Limburg) 
Maaseik, city councillor  
Greet GEYPEN (Iverlek) 
Mechelen, alderman 
Tom KERSEMANS (Iveka) 
Lille, alderman 
Lies LARIDON (Fluvius West) 
Diksmuide, mayor  
Nicky MARTENS (Riobra) 
Tienen, city councillor 
Guy VAN DE PERRE (Iveka) 
Kasterlee, alderman 
Adinda VAN GERVEN (Fluvius Antwerpen) 
Brasschaat, alderman 
Open position in replacement of 
Kristien VINGERHOETS23 (Fluvius Antwerpen)
Hemiksem, councillor 
 
Bruce Almey was appointed as Secretary to the Board of Directors. He is the department head of the 
corporate secretariat at Fluvius System Operator and, in that capacity, bears responsibility for corporate 
affairs. 
The above Directors, as well as the Secretary of the Board of Directors, have their business address at 
Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium.  
Management Committee 
The Board of Directors has entrusted the Management Committee with the day-to-day management and 
the operational leadership of Fluvius System Operator from an operational and organisational 
perspective. The day-to-day execution of the decisions taken by the Guarantors and certain daily 
management tasks of these Guarantors have also been entrusted to the Management Committee. The 
members of the Management Committee participate in the Fluvius System Operator’s Board of Directors 
meetings, solely with an advisory role and without exercising any voting rights.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the ten members of the Management Committee are:  
Frank Vanbrabant, CEO and Chairman of the Management Committee  
 
23 Mrs Vingerhoets resigned in March 2022 and still has to be replaced in the Board of Directors. Fluvius Antwerpen is to propose a new director, 
but has not yet done so as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 99 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
99 
Mr Vanbrabant was born in 1962. After exercising a number of functions in administration and logistics, 
he joined the energy sector as Infrax’s purchasing and logistics manager in 1999. In 2007, he headed the 
Customer Department at Infrax. Prior to his current function as Fluvius’s CEO since 1 July 2018, he was 
CEO at Infrax. Mr Vanbrabant is a commercial engineer with a specialty in business informatics. 
Areas of responsibility: CEO, chairman of the Management Committee 
Other positions: Chairman of the Board and member of the HR Committee and Market Committee at 
Atrias; Board Member at Synergrid 
Raf Bellers, member of the Management Committee (Director Grid Management) 
Mr Bellers (b. 1971) was appointed as Chief Supply Chain Officer at Fluvius in 2018. Prior to the merger, 
he worked at Infrax with responsibilities for grid synergies and as manager of the knowledge centre on 
sewerage. Before his career at Infrax, he worked at Aquafin in technical planning and business 
development. Mr Bellers holds a civil engineering degree. Since 1 July 2022, Mr Bellers also holds the 
position of Director Net Management. 
Areas of responsibility: supply chain & procurement, materials & methods, digital metering, logistics 
and facilities 
Other positions: Board member at Vlario, Board member of Scameleon 
Tom Ceuppens, member of the Management Committee (Director Customer Service) 
Mr. Ceuppens (b. 1971) holds a master’s degree in civil engineering. He joined Fluvius from Infrax at 
the latter’s merger with Eandis (on 1 July 2018) and became responsible for Fluvius’s Customer 
Department. At Infrax, he was responsible for customer affairs as well as for operations. Before his 
switch to the energy sector in 2015, Mr. Ceuppens was active in several international functions in the 
dredging sector for 20 years. 
Areas of responsibility: customer services, contact centres, social energy supply, key accounts, product 
management, promotion of rational use of energy 
Other positions: member of the Board at De Stroomlijn 
Guy Cosyns, member of the Management Committee (Director Data Management) 
Mr Cosyns (b. 1962) is an electrotechnical engineer. He has built a long career in the energy sector in 
several commercial, technical and regulatory affairs management positions. In 2005, he became 
responsible for Eandis’s operating area Leie-Schelde. He joined the Eandis’s Management Committee 
in 2013 as Director Customer Operations. Since 2018, he is in charge of Fluvius’s Data Management 
Department. 
Areas of responsibility: dataroom, market data operations, market data coordination 
Other positions: board member and member of the Market Committee at Atrias; board member of VOKA 
Chambre of Commerce West - Flanders; board member at Business Centres Waregem and Kortrijk 
Wim Den Roover, member of the Management Committee (Director Network Operations) 
Mr Den Roover (b. 1961) is currently responsible for the Department Network Operations at Fluvius. 
He obtained an engineering degree. Prior to his current function at Fluvius, he was responsible for the 
Smart Programmes at Eandis. He has developed his career in several infrastructure areas and was also 
responsible for a number of internal projects.

--- Page 100 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
100 
Areas of responsibility: grid operations, telecom operations 
Other positions: Member of the Executive Committee at Synductis 
Jean Pierre Hollevoet, member of the Management Committee (Director Energy and Climate 
Transition) 
Mr Hollevoet (b. 1962), who holds a technical engineering degree, is currently responsible for energy 
and climate transition initiatives at Fluvius. Previous to his current position, he was a.o. responsible for 
an operational infrastructure area, for asset management, for supply chain & facility management and 
procurement and for grid management at Eandis and Fluvius. On 1 July 2022, he was appointed to the 
newly created position of Director Energy and Climate Transition, aimed at strengthening the Issuer’s 
focus on this topic.  
Areas of responsibility: energy and climate transition 
Other positions: Mr Hollevoet is a Member of the Executive Committee at Synductis, Board Member of 
Gas.be and member of the International Gas Union’s Executive Committee and the LUCI’s Executive 
Committee. 
David Termont, member of the Management Committee, CFO (Director Financial Management, Legal 
and IT) 
Mr Termont (b. 1970) is currently responsible for the Finance & ICT Departments at Fluvius. He holds 
an Economics Degree. He started his professional career as advisor to an Alderman and later as a director 
of the Economy Dept. at the City of Ghent. Prior to his CFO and ICT role at Fluvius, he was in charge 
of GeDIS’s and Eandis’s Customer Care Department and the Finance & ICT Department at Eandis.  
Areas of responsibility: finance, ICT 
Other positions: chairman of the Board at De Stroomlijn; member of the Board and Chairman of the 
Audit Committee at Atrias; member of the Board at Contassur; Member of the Board at Arteveldestadion 
CVBA. 
Filip Van Rompaey, member of the Management Committee (Director Strategy) 
Mr Van Rompaey (b. 1962), is responsible for the Fluvius Strategy Department. Prior to joining the 
utility sector at Infrax, he worked in the steel, insurance and banking sector. Mr Van Rompaey holds 
degrees in IT and commercial engineering. 
Areas of responsibility: strategy, business development, corporate transformations, information security, 
digitalisation 
Other positions: Member of the Board at s-Lim 
Ilse Van Belle, member of the Management Committee (Director HR & Communication) 
Mrs Van Belle (b. 1968) holds a Commercial Engineering degree and she has obtained an HRM 
Executive Master Class certification. Mrs Van Belle was appointed as Fluvius’s director of HR & 
Communication in February 2019. Prior to her Fluvius position, she worked as external auditor at KPMG 
and in different management positions at the telecom operator Proximus a.o. with responsibilities in the 
fields of internal auditing, strategy development and HR.  
Areas of responsibility: human resources, communication 
Other positions: none

--- Page 101 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
101 
Audit Committee 
Fluvius System Operator has established an Audit Committee. Currently, its members are Jan Desmeth 
(Chairman), Lieven Cobbaert and Lies Laridon. The Issuer’s articles of association allow for a maximum 
of six members for the Audit Committee to be appointed by the board of directors of Fluvius System 
Operator amongst its members. 
The Audit Committee has an advisory competence and reports its findings to the Board of Directors. The 
responsibilities of the Audit Committee relate to control over the Issuer’s accountancy, its control 
systems, the proper application of accounting rules, financial reporting and budgeting. 
HR Committee 
Fluvius System Operator has also installed an HR Committee. It is chaired by Ms Greet Geypen. Its 
other members are currently Piet Buyse and Adinda Van Gerven.  
The HR Committee has an advisory competence and reports its findings and guidelines to the Board of 
Directors. The HR Committee’s tasks include monitoring developments in the HR policy of Fluvius 
System Operator and advising on Fluvius System Operator’s general remuneration and benefits policy. 
The Committee is also consulted on nominations of managers within the company.  
Fluvius System Operator’s current articles of association stipulate that the HR Committee is composed 
of a maximum of six members to be appointed by the board of directors of Fluvius System Operator 
amongst its members.  
Strategic Committee  
The Strategic Committee functions as a consultation platform between Fluvius System Operator and its 
shareholders to prepare decisions on policy and strategic options. The Strategic Committee outlines the 
general strategy for Fluvius System Operator and the entire Fluvius Economic Group. Special attention 
is paid to the Issuer’s relationship with the authorities and regulator, with shareholders and with the other 
stakeholders in operating distribution systems in Flanders. It is composed of six members. According to 
the articles of association of Fluvius System Operator, this committee has a maximum of ten members 
to be appointed by the board of directors of Fluvius System Operator amongst its members and it is 
being chaired by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, currently Mr Wim Dries. Its other members 
are Hans Bonte, Piet Buyse, David Coppens, Koen Kennis and Christophe Peeters. 
Conflicts of interest  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the persons 
listed above in this section 1.3 – ‘The Issuer’s corporate structure’ vis-à-vis the Issuer and/or their private 
interests or other duties. It should be noted that possible conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
directors of the Guarantors and their private investments or other duties are permanently being 
scrutinised by the Flemish authorities and by the regional energy regulator, the VREG. 
Corporate governance  
As the Belgian Corporate Governance Code for Listed Companies (the “Code 2020”) is primarily aimed 
at companies with listed shares and given the extensive legal and regulatory requirements applicable to 
Fluvius System Operator, the Issuer has published its own Corporate Governance Charter, which was 
inspired both by the Code 2020 and the Corporate Governance Code for Non-listed Companies 
(the “Code Buysse”). This Corporate Governance Charter, of which the current edition was approved 
by the Issuer’s Board of Directors on 17 June 2021, is updated on a regular basis when required by 
internal or external elements. The Corporate Governance Charter clearly states that the Issuer always

--- Page 102 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
102 
strives to be compliant with the generally accepted principles of corporate governance. The Board of 
Directors is responsible for the Corporate Governance Charter. The topics covered in this Corporate 
Governance Charter are: (i) the company’s mission, vision and values, (ii) its corporate social 
responsibility and sustainability policy, (iii) the relationship between the General Assembly, the Board 
of Directors, the dedicated committees (Strategic, Audit, HR) and the Management Committee, as well 
as the relationship between the operating company and its shareholding intermunicipalities, (iv) the 
operational responsibilities of the Issuer and (v) internal audit, business continuity management, 
complaints handling and the protection of corporate information. The annual reports contain specific 
reporting on the implementation of corporate governance principles in everyday practice. 
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) & sustainability policies 
As a regulated entity in the energy and utilities sector with public shareholders, Fluvius is fully aware of 
its responsibilities in the areas of CSR and sustainability. Its commitments in this respect have been set 
out in the Fluvius CSR Charter, approved by the Board of Directors on 4 December 2019. This document 
can be accessed on the Issuer’s website: https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2019-12/9010106-
mvo-charter-2019-en.pdf. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Furthermore, the Issuer has published its Ethical Charter, in which the rules and guidelines for ethical 
behaviour by the Issuer’s staff has been outlined in line with legislation, general practice and the Issuer’s 
values. 
The Issuer’s strategy 
In working out the strategic options for the Issuer, the Board of Directors and the management of the 
Issuer carefully consider all relevant policy measures taken by the Flemish government and the VREG, 
as well as the evolving economic, technical, operational, regulatory and legal context for the Issuer. The 
Issuer is always careful, however, not to compromise the current reliability and quality of the grids it 
operates and the services it delivers by implementing policy changes. It therefore considers every 
implementation option in light of its financial, technical and logistical feasibility and reassures itself that 
any strategic choice to be made should be socially acceptable to grid users. A second foundation for 
outlining the mid-term strategic options is evidently the Issuer’s mission, vision, strategy and values 
taken as a whole, as approved by the Board of Directors. 
The Issuer’s strategy has four distinct elements: (i) we go all out for one Fluvius (ii) we create a 
maximum of synergies across the different networks (iii) we ensure future-proof networks and (iv) we 
put the customer and the employee first. The Issuer’s mission has been defined as “to sustainably connect 
society with our multi-utility networks” and its vision is the following: “Fluvius wants to become, in 
collaboration with all stakeholders, thé Flemish multi-utility company”. 
The outlined strategy is complemented by the Issuer values which can be considered as the DNA of the 
Issuer:  
 
Stronger together!: we strengthen each other in order to achieve our goal together and as one 
team. 
 
Driven by professionalism: we put safety first. We rely on each other’s expertise, strive for quality 
and go for continuous improvement. 
 
Customer centric: our biggest motivation is our customers’ satisfaction. We do our utmost to help 
them.

--- Page 103 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
103 
 
Commitment: we are prepared to go the extra mile, and we do what we promise. 
 
Respect: we are honest, show empathy and take responsibility for each other and the society. 
1.4 
The Issuer’s strategy and commitment on CSR and sustainability 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s commitment on Corporate Social Responsibility 
(“CSR”) and sustainability is laid down in its CSR Charter (which was approved by the Board of 
Directors on 4 December 2019). 
The Issuer takes on the role of the preferred partner of the Flemish local authorities in their sustainability 
efforts, especially in the field of the energy and climate transition and energy efficiency. The Issuer 
supports the local authorities in their own initiatives to reach the Flemish climate objectives and the 
targets set in the Covenant of Mayors. 
With its CSR and sustainability ambitions, policies and actions, the Issuer tries to be in line with the 
fundamentals of the EU Green Deal, especially with its general objectives of (i) Europe becoming 
climate-neutral by 2050 and (ii) protecting human life, animals and plants by cutting pollution. In order 
to align its sustainability ambitions with the EU Green Deal, the Issuer reports on its actions and 
performance by making use of the EU Taxonomy, which is a classification system for sustainable (or 
‘green’) economic activities. Under the EU Taxonomy, an economic activity is deemed to be sustainable 
if it provides a significant contribution one of the following six environmental objectives: (i) climate 
change mitigation, (ii) climate change adaptation, (iii) sustainable use and protection of water and marine 
resources, (iv) transition to a circular economy, (v) prevention and control of pollution and (vi) protection 
and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. Simultaneously, the sustainable activities under 
consideration should respect the principle of ‘do no significant harm’ to the other objectives and comply 
with minimum safeguards on social norms such as human rights and labour rights. 
The Issuer has defined four strategic objectives for its sustainability policies: 
1. 
Energy transition: in these times, we are all obliged to rethink how we use energy. So the Issuer 
analyses how the whole of Flanders can reduce energy consumption and the Issuer actively 
looks for alternative and renewable energy sources that can be applied immediately or that offer 
opportunities in the future. 
2. 
Climate adaptation: because the changing climate has more and more impact, we have to take 
into account more intense rain showers and longer periods of drought. So the Issuer refurbishes 
the sewerage system in a smarter way and proposes solutions for more sustainable use of water. 
3. 
Digitisation: corporate sustainable responsibility is impossible without the data to support our 
efforts and to bring them to higher levels of efficiency. The Issuer puts those data at the disposal 
of customers and partners so that their ideas for a more sustainable world get all the space to 
grow. 
4. 
Working sustainably: finally, the Issuer also strives towards more sustainability within our own 
company. The Issuer do not limit itself to installing solar panels on the rooftops of our buildings 
or greening our vehicle fleet. We resolutely go for a circular economy and stimulate our partners 
to do the same. 
In 2022, the Issuer took concrete steps in further strengthening and deepening its policy on sustainability 
and CSR. For the coming years, the Issuer has defined its sustainability policy priorities. Spearheads in 
this respect are: (1) reducing the ecological footprint (CO2) of its own activities and (2) making its supply

--- Page 104 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
104 
chain more sustainable. These fit into the SDGs 13 (Climate action) and 12 (Responsible consumption 
and production).  
The Issuer has now also decided in principle to fully align the Fluvius Economic Group’s investment 
plans with the Flemish Energy & Climate Plan 2021-2030. All investment decisions in the future will 
have to contribute to the overall climate objectives set by Flanders in this plan. This principle policy 
decision is now being quantified concretely in terms of budgetary impact and financing needs and 
concrete investment projects are also now being delineated. These investments are also expected to 
involve significant recruitment and employment of personnel (both directly and through third-party 
suppliers and sub-contractors). 
Based on the principle of leading by example, the Issuer has set itself a number of clear sustainability 
targets, brought together in its “Vision 2050 – the Flemish energy grids of the future” policy document. 
The overriding ambition is to reach climate-neutrality in Flanders by 2050, irrespective of the different 
energy disciplines in which the company is involved (electricity grids, district heating grids, gas grids, 
public lighting). In doing so, The Issuer is responsible for implementing the Flemish Energy & Climate 
Plan which aims at: (i) switching passenger transport to electric (company cars starting in 2026), (ii) 
making maximum use of residual heat in district heating grids, (iii) a maximum focus on electric heating 
through heat pumps in new buildings and major renovations, (iv) accelerating the growth of solar and 
wind energy, (v) realising an increase in electricity use in the industry and (vi) focusing on the 
accelerated sustainable character of local authorities and public buildings. All of this means that Fluvius 
will have to set priorities. We have unequivocally opted for a pro-active approach in the adaptation of 
the utility grids for we which we are responsible. That is why mid-2022 Fluvius released its 2023-2032 
Energy & Climate Transition investment plan, which is subject to annual updates. This plan outlines and 
quantifies in detail what investments are needed to bring about the energy and climate transition in 
Flanders. 
The overhaul of the Issuer’s grids, which will be required to that effect, is substantial. Based on current 
predictions, the Issuer’s engineers estimated the following: 
 
1. 
For the activities under the Issuer’s direct control, it aims at a minimum reduction of carbon 
emissions by 30% by 2030 (compared to the base year 2020); 
2. 
For all of the activities, the Issuer aims at being a net-zero organisation by 2050. 
Furthermore, the Issuer’s 2023-2032 Energy & Climate Transition investment plan anticipates that the 
number of electric cars in Flanders grows to 1.5 million by 2030, as well as massive numbers of heat 
pumps and solar panels and rising industrial power consumption. 
To cope with all this, the Issuer is investing an additional EUR 4 billion (on top of the EUR 7 billion for 
regular investments) to reinforce 40 per cent of the low-voltage grid, 13 per cent of the medium-voltage 
Per year 
Today 
Evolution 
By 2025 
Transformers 
500 
x6 
3.000 
Mid-voltage grid (kms) 
900 
+600 
1.500 
Electricity cables (kms) 
1.200 
+3.000 
4.200

--- Page 105 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
105 
grid and one-third of the transformers that distribute power in the streets over the next ten years following 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
By way of background information, the Issuer has carried out an extensive materiality and urgency 
analysis, based on a stakeholder consultation and internal discussions. The stakeholders consulted in this 
exercise were a.o.: employees, representatives of the Issuer’s shareholders, investors, interest groups, 
suppliers and energy suppliers. This materiality analysis was finalised at the end of 201824. The result of 
this exercise is summarized in the graphs below. First, the materiality matrix as it is derived from the 
results of the stakeholder consultation: 
 
The six items indicated in green were scored as the most material topics out the list of 19 material topics. 
Taking into account the internal scoring of the process maturity for each of the 19 material topics 
identified, the urgency was charted as follows: 
 
All material topics, but especially the six most material ones, identified during this analysis have been 
linked to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs):  
 
 
 
 
24  The survey with the employees was repeated in July/August 2020 (1250 participants)

--- Page 106 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
106 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the implementation process, the company’s CSR Roadmap indicates the priorities between the 
relevant SDGs and the detailed targets to be pursued. 
1.5 
The Issuer’s corporate credit ratings 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has two long-term corporate credit ratings, i.e., at Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd. (“Moody’s”) and at Creditreform Rating AG (“Creditreform”). The history of 
these ratings is as follows: 
Moody’s 
Fluvius System Operator (and before 1 July 2018, its predecessor Eandis System Operator) is rated at 
Moody’s since 12 October 2011: 
 
12 October 2011 – 13 March 2014:  
A1 negative outlook 
 
13 March 2014 – 2 December 2014:  
A1 stable outlook 
 
2 December 2014 – 14 December 2016:  
A1 negative outlook 
 
14 December 2016 – 29 June 2018:  
A3 stable outlook 
 
29 June 2018 – 25 July 2019: 
 
A3 positive outlook 
 
25 July 2019 – 10 September 2020:  
A3 stable outlook

--- Page 107 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
107 
 
10 September 2020 – 29 October 2021: 
A3 negative outlook 
 
29 October 2021 – present: 
 
A3 stable outlook 
In Moody’s methodology, an A3 credit rating means that the Issuer is situated in the upper-medium 
grade, subject to low credit risk; the modifier “3” indicates that it ranks in the lower end of its generic 
rating category. The stable rating outlook reflects the rating agency’s opinion regarding the likely stable 
trend of the Issuer’s credit rating, typically based on an 18-month horizon. 
The rationale for the rating downgrade in December 2016 from A1 to A3 was inspired by Moody’s 
anticipation that measures aimed at restoring the company’s credit quality would not be implemented as 
foreseen after the planned merger of the DSOs and the planned entry of a private partner were both 
aborted. 
Between December 2016 and the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody’s announced several consecutive 
changes in the rating outlook. These changes were mostly based on Moody’s expectations on the future 
developments of credit ratios, either positive or negative. Certain negative outlook changes reflected 
Moody’s expectation that the VREG’s decision on the adjusted 2021-2024 tariff methodology would 
cause key financial metrics to deteriorate and render balance sheet strengthening unlikely. In light of the 
mitigating measures put in place by the Issuer to limit the impact of the VREG’s decision, Moody’s 
however decided on 29 October 2021 to reinstate the Issuer’s stable credit rating outlook. 
On 7 December 2021, Moody’s published its inaugural Credit Impact Score (CIS) for the Issuer. This 
CIS reflects the rating agency’s assessment of the impact that environmental, social and governance risks 
might have on an issuer’s overall credit profile. On a scale from CIS-1 (positive impact) to CIS-5 (very 
highly negative impact), the Issuer obtained a CIS-3 score (moderately negative) with a score of E-3 for 
environmental issues, S-3 on social items and G-2 for governance-related items. 
Creditreform  
Fluvius System Operator (and before 1 July 2018, its predecessor Eandis System Operator) is rated at 
Creditreform since 18 January 2017: 
• 
18 January 2017 – 30 October 2020: 
A+ stable outlook 
• 
30 October 2020 – 22 August 2022: 
A+ negative outlook 
• 
22 August 2022 – present: 
 
A stable outlook 
The rating downgrade in August 2022 was driven, according to Creditreform, by the combined effect of 
the more restrictive tariff methodology 2021-2024 (see section 4.1.4 – ‘The regulatory tariff period 2021-
2024’ of this Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’ for more information) and a more 
volatile macroeconomic environment, as evidenced by the rapidly rising inflation and interest rates, 
which could potentially increase the mismatch between allowed income and the Issuer’s operating and 
financing costs, exerting additional negative pressure on its results in the short-term. 
In Creditreform’s rating methodology, an A-rating means that the rated entity is assumed to possess a 
high level of creditworthiness and a low default risk. The absence of a modifier “+” or “-” indicates that 
the credit rating is in the middle part of its category. The stable outlook has a time horizon of one year, 
forecasting the likely course of developments for the period of twelve months after the date of the credit 
rating.

--- Page 108 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
108 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time. 
1.6 
The Issuer’s Subsidiaries 
De Stroomlijn 
De Stroomlijn CV was established as a limited liability cooperative society (coöperatieve vennootschap 
met beperkte aansprakelijkheid/société coopérative à responsabilité limitée) on 28 December 2006 by a 
notarial deed of the same date, published in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette of 22 January 2007 
under number 07012863. Its registered office is at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium. De 
Stroomlijn is registered in the legal enterprise register of Ghent under number 0886.337.894.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fluvius System Operator possesses 1,650 shares out of the total 
of 2,654 shares in De Stroomlijn, or 62.17 per cent. of the contributions. The other shares are owned by 
TMVW/Farys, an intermunicipal company active in the distribution and treatment of water (850 shares), 
Synductis (77 shares) and De Watergroep, another drinking water and waste water utility company (77 
shares). 
De Stroomlijn’s articles of association give Fluvius System Operator the right to nominate four of the 
eight members of the Board of Directors. David Termont, member of the Issuer’s Management 
Committee, is chairman of the Board of Directors of De Stroomlijn. The other director on behalf of 
Fluvius is Tom Ceuppens. At the date of this Base Prospectus, there are two vacancies for a director 
mandate for which the Issuer can suggest someone. However, the Issuer does not currently intend to do 
so in the short term. Bruce Almey, secretary to the Board of Directors of Fluvius System Operator, holds 
the same position in De Stroomlijn’s Board of Directors.  
De Stroomlijn’s financial statements are consolidated with Fluvius System Operator according to the 
integral method.  
De Stroomlijn operates as the independent customer contact centre that handles calls from end customers 
for distribution grid-related matters. On 31 December 2022, the company employed 332 people 
corresponding to 300.4 full-time equivalents.  
Atrias  
Atrias CV was established as a limited liability partnership (coöperatieve vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid/société cooperative à responsabilité limitée) on 9 May 2011 by a notarial deed of the 
same date, published in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette of 25 May 2011. Its registered office 
is at Kanselarijstraat 17A, 1000 Brussels, Belgium. Atrias is registered with the legal enterprise register 
of Brussels under number 0836.258.873.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fluvius System Operator owns 50% of Atrias’s contributions. The 
remaining Atrias shares are owned by other entities in the Belgian energy distribution sector, being 
ORES Assets, Resa, Sibelga, AIEG, AIESH and Régie de Wavre.  
Fluvius System Operator has the statutory right to nominate three of the nine Board members and has 
appointed Guy Cosyns, David Termont and Frank Vanbrabant in those positions. Fluvius System 
Operator also has the statutory right to nominate the Chairman of the Board of Directors. Frank 
Vanbrabant currently serves as Atrias chairman. Mr Géry Vanlommel, a Fluvius executive, is secretary 
to Atrias’s Board of Directors. 
Atrias’s financial statements are consolidated with Fluvius System Operator according to the equity 
method.

--- Page 109 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
109 
Atrias’s mission is defined as assuming the function of a central clearing house for the benefit of the 
DSOs and, as such, it is charged with the project for the development of the Message Implementation 
Guide (MIG) version 6, the development of a central Clearing House application and the management 
and maintenance of this application. MIG is a data transmission protocol being used for the structured 
data exchange between suppliers, DSOs and regional regulators on the liberalised energy market in 
Belgium. Through this role, Atrias will play a crucial role in data exchanges between energy market 
parties (primarily the DSOs and the energy suppliers). Atrias is now the central hub for information 
exchanges between those parties regarding all data changes in the characteristics of individual 
connections for electricity and gas throughout Belgium: registered consumption volumes, switches of 
energy supplier by the end consumers, end consumers moving house, installation of solar panels, 
adaptations to the technical characteristics of a connection, etc. During November-December 2021, the 
Central Clearing House application went live, thus implementing MIG6. 
As at 31 December 2022, Atrias employed 29 people or 27.8 full-time equivalents. 
Synductis  
Synductis was established on 21 December 2012 as a limited liability cooperative society (coöperatieve 
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid/société cooperative à responsabilité limitée) by a notarial 
deed of the same date, published in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette of 25 January 2013. Its 
registered office is at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium. Synductis is registered with the 
legal enterprise register of Ghent under number 0502.445.845.  
The founding partners of Synductis are Eandis, TMVW/Farys and IWVA/Aquaduin. Its current 
shareholders are Fluvius System Operator (holding 34.47% of the shares as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus), the water companies TMVW/Farys, Pidpa, IWVA/Aquaduin, De Watergroep, wastewater 
treatment company Aquafin, telecom operator Proximus and, finally, AGSO Knokke-Heist. 
Furthermore, Synductis is closely collaborating on a contractual basis with the Flemish public transport 
company De Lijn and with the Flemish Agency for Roads and Traffic (Agentschap voor Wegen en 
Verkeer – AWV). 
The eight-member Board of Directors at Synductis is currently being chaired by Mr Christophe Peeters, 
director at Fluvius System Operator. The other director on behalf of Fluvius is Mr Tom Kersemans, who 
is also a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors. Bruce Almey is secretary to the Board of Synductis. 
Synductis’s accounts are being consolidated with Fluvius System Operator according to the equity 
method. 
Synductis has no staff of its own. Its activities are carried out by employees seconded by its shareholders. 
Synductis has the mission to better coordinate infrastructure works with an impact on the public domain. 
The coordination of planning and execution of infrastructure works by Synductis should lead to more 
synergies between utilities, minimal costs for grid operators and local authorities, and less hindrance for 
the population. A timely and clear communication with local authorities and neighbours is essential. 
1.7 
The Fluvius (consolidated) group and the Fluvius Economic Group 
The operating company Fluvius System Operator and its consolidated Subsidiaries Atrias, De Stroomlijn 
and Synductis (see also section 1.6 – ‘The Issuer’s Subsidiaries’ above) constitute the “Fluvius 
(consolidated) group”. This concept is entirely in line with the consolidation principles laid down in the 
Belgian accounting legislation. 
When the Fluvius consolidated group is considered together with the eleven shareholders of the 
operating company, Fluvius OV (see section 1.8 – ‘Fluvius OV’) and Interkabel, the intermediate

--- Page 110 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
110 
structure of the Fluvius CATV entities (see section 4.3 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework for 
Flemish CATV intermunicipalities’), the concept of the “Fluvius Economic Group” is introduced. It 
should be pointed out that the Fluvius Economic Group is not a legal entity, but that this concept is used 
for reporting purposes, taking into account that the Fluvius Economic Group includes both the asset 
owners and license holders (i.e., the Guarantors) and the entities which employ the staff and where the 
operational activities are being carried out (i.e., the operating company Fluvius System Operator, Fluvius 
OV and its consolidated Subsidiaries). 
Schematically: 
 
1.8 
Fluvius OV 
At the occasion of the legal merger by absorption of the former operating company Infrax by Eandis 
System Operator on 1 July 2018, all staff of the Infrax group entities had to be integrated into the newly 
created Fluvius System Operator. This posed no problems for the contractually employed Infrax staff, 
but the same procedure could not be followed for the statutory staff of the former Infrax entities. The 
said merger could not change their statute, nor their individual and collective rights and obligations. 
Therefore, these statutory employees were assembled within the entity Fluvius OV. 
Fluvius OV’s enterprise number is 0201.311.226. Its registered office is at Trichterheideweg 8, 3500 
Hasselt, Belgium. The current legal entity Fluvius OV was created by a partial split-up of the former 
Infrax Limburg as registered in two notarial deeds executed by notary Vanderstraeten at Opglabbeek, 
dated 20 June 2018 and 25 June 2018.  
All staff on Fluvius OV’s pay-roll is, however, fully integrated into the organisational scheme and the 
different teams of the operating company Fluvius System Operator. The distinction between Fluvius 
System Operator and Fluvius OV was created solely for reasons of employment legislation. It should be 
pointed out that there will be no future growth in the number of staff, since no new statutory employees 
are or will be hired by Fluvius OV. Fluvius OV will cease to exist as soon as the last statutory employee 
leaves the company through retirement or otherwise. 
At 31 December 2022, Fluvius OV employed 667 employees (i.e., 643.81 full-time equivalents). 
On a monthly basis, the costs generated by Fluvius OV are passed through to Fluvius System Operator, 
which functions as the collection point for all costs generated for the operating company’s statutory 
operational activities on behalf of the eleven DSOs/Guarantors. The operating company Fluvius System 
Operator sends out a monthly ‘management invoice’, calculated on the basis of all costs generated 
including those of Fluvius OV, to each of its DSOs/Guarantors.

--- Page 111 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
111 
Fluvius OV is included in the IFRS financial reporting of the Fluvius Economic Group. 
2 
General information on the Guarantors  
2.1 
General information 
Legal name and place of registration  
The Issuer, Fluvius System Operator, is the operating company for all of the Guarantors. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, these Guarantors are: 
1. 
FLUVIUS ANTWERPEN (registered office at Antwerpsesteenweg 260, 2660 Hoboken-
Antwerp, Belgium; general telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 
0212.704.370 (RLE Antwerp)): services a territory of 38 cities and municipalities in the wider 
Antwerp region, including the city of Antwerp (32 municipalities for electricity, 34 municipalities 
for gas, 4 municipalities for sewerage and 14 municipalities for CATV). Fluvius Antwerpen was 
licensed by the VREG for electricity and gas distribution by a decision of 30 January 2020. LEI: 
5493003FZLUZ7VLIBT46; 
 
2. 
FLUVIUS LIMBURG (registered office at Trichterheideweg 8, 3500 Hasselt, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0207.165.769 (RLE Hasselt)): 
services a territory which largely corresponds to the territory of the Province of Limburg, 
including the cities of Hasselt and Genk. It covers 58 municipalities for electricity, 57 
municipalities for gas, 35 municipalities for sewerage and 43 municipalities for CATV. By the 
VREG’s decision of 25 April 2019 the licenses that had been awarded to Inter-Energa were 
relabeled as licenses for Fluvius Limburg. LEI: 5493006L24J50TYNYG41;

--- Page 112 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
112 
 
3. 
FLUVIUS WEST (registered office at Noordlaan 9, 8820 Torhout, Belgium; general telephone 
number: +32 78 353534; enterprise number 0205.157.176 (RLE Ghent, section Ostend)): services 
a territory of 41 cities and municipalities in the Provinces of West-Flanders and (for CATV only) 
in the Province of Flemish-Brabant: it covers 15 municipalities for electricity, 11 municipalities 
for gas, 19 municipalities for sewerage and 32 municipalities for CATV. The VREG licensed 
Fluvius West as electricity DSO on 27 January 2015. The license for gas was awarded by a 
decision of the VREG of 29 September 2015. LEI: 549300YJJZ3CE3CJKG49; 
 
4. 
GASELWEST (registered office at President Kennedypark 12, 8500 Kortrijk, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0215.266.160 (RLE Ghent, section 
Kortrijk)): services a territory of 54 cities and municipalities in the provinces of East- and West-
Flanders that includes the cities of Kortrijk, Ypres and Oudenaarde (50 municipalities for 
electricity, 53 municipalities for gas). Gaselwest was licensed by the VREG for electricity 
distribution by a decision of 3 February 2015 and amended by the VREG’s decision of 
6 October 2020 (published on 8 October 2020), terminating Gaselwest’s appointment as DSO for 
the city of Deinze. Gaselwest’s current license for gas distribution was awarded by the VREG 
decision of 29 September 2015, also amended by the same VREG decision dated 6 October 2020. 
LEI: 549300NTUSYQHTNYO66;

--- Page 113 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
113 
 
 
5. 
IMEWO (registered office at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium; general telephone 
number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0215.362.368 (RLE Ghent, section Ghent)): 
services a territory of 39 cities and municipalities in the Provinces East- and West-Flanders (38 
for electricity and 39 for gas), including the cities of Ghent, Bruges, Lokeren and Ostend. Imewo 
was licensed as electricity DSO by the VREG decision of 5 September 2014 and as gas DSO by 
the VREG decision of 29 September 2015. By the VREG’s decision of 6 October 2020 (published 
on 8 October 2020), IMEWO was appointed as electricity and gas DSO for the entire territory of 
the merged city of Deinze (formerly the separate entities Deinze and Nevele). LEI: 
549300RK49YQPIEQRX17; 
 
 
6. 
INTERGEM (registered office at Franz Courtensstraat 11, 9200 Dendermonde, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0220.764.971 (RLE Ghent, section 
Dendermonde)): services a territory of 23 cities and municipalities in the Provinces Flemish-
Brabant and East-Flanders, including the cities of Aalst, Sint-Niklaas and Dendermonde (i.e. 23

--- Page 114 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
114 
municipalities for electricity and the same number for gas). Intergem was licensed as electricity 
DSO by the VREG on 3 February 2015 and as gas DSO on 29 September 2015. LEI: 
549300DKOLZ2SCJH8381; 
 
7. 
IVEKA (registered office at Koningin Elisabethlei 38, 2300 Turnhout, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0222.030.426 (RLE Antwerp, section 
Turnhout)): services a territory of 27 cities and municipalities in the Province of Antwerp, 
including the city of Turnhout (25 municipalities for electricity and 26 municipalities for gas). 
Iveka’s current licenses as electricity and gas DSO date back to the VREG decisions of 30 January 
2020. LEI: 5493000L706GK2JAQV45; 
 
8. 
IVERLEK (registered office at Aarschotsesteenweg 58, 3012 Wilsele-Leuven, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0222.343.301 (RLE Leuven)): 
services a territory of 51 cities and municipalities in the provinces Flemish-Brabant and Antwerp, 
including the cities of Mechelen and Leuven. It covers 50 municipalities for electricity and 51 
municipalities for gas. Iverlek was licensed as electricity DSO by the VREG decision of 3

--- Page 115 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
115 
February 2015. Iverlek’s gas DSO license was awarded by the VREG on 29 September 2015. 
LEI: 54930073JZQL85NE3817; 
 
9. 
PBE (registered office at Diestsesteenweg 126, 3210 Lubbeek, Belgium; general telephone 
number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0203.563.111 (RLE Leuven)): services a 
territory of 20 cities and municipalities in the Province Flemish-Brabant. It services 20 
municipalities for electricity and 14 municipalities for CATV. PBE is only licensed as an 
electricity DSO (not for gas). Its current license was awarded by the VREG by a decision of 5 
September 2014. LEI: 549300G5CH6WKCGR4Q56; 
 
10. 
RIOBRA (registered office at Oude Baan 148, 3210 Lubbeek, Belgium; general telephone 
number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0878.051.819 (RLE Leuven)): services a 
territory of 26 cities and municipalities in the Province Flemish-Brabant for the sewerage activity. 
LEI: 54930060X7VGAYBWQL55; and

--- Page 116 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
116 
 
11. 
SIBELGAS (registered office at Stadhuis, Grote Markt, 1800 Vilvoorde, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; enterprise number 0229.921.078 (RLE Brussels)): services a 
territory of 5 cities and municipalities in the north of Brussels, both for electricity and gas. The 
VREG licensed Sibelgas as electricity DSO on 3 February 2015 and as gas DSO on 29 September 
2015. LEI: 549300X4GFP09PCRYU18. 
 
Legal form 
The Guarantors are regulated public law entities, more specifically mission entrusted associations 
(opdrachthoudende vereniging/association chargée de mission) according to the Local Government 
Decree. Please refer to section 4 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework applicable to the Guarantors’ 
for information on the legal regime applicable to the Guarantors and its consequences.  
Please refer to section 3 – ‘Description of the markets for Fluvius’ for information on the markets in 
which the Guarantors operate.  
The Guarantors’ Geographical Markets  
The Guarantors have no activities outside the Flemish Region (Belgium). The maps above indicate the 
operating territories of each of the relevant Guarantors for their activities.  
Summary of the principal activities of the Guarantors and their role within the Fluvius Economic Group  
The corporate object of the Guarantors is defined in detail in article 3 of their respective articles of 
association.25 It comprises the management and operation of utility distribution systems, including the 
responsibility for the development of these systems, as well as their viability and security. The 
Guarantors are also responsible for certain social and other public service obligations.  
 
25  For Riobra, see article 5 of its articles of association.

--- Page 117 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
117 
The Guarantors own the networks operated by the Issuer. With the exception of Riobra, they also hold 
the DSO licenses for electricity and gas distribution granted by the VREG26.  
The table below presents some aggregated basic figures on the network infrastructure under the 
management of the Issuer. All figures are per 31 December 2022. Although managed by the Issuer, the 
grid assets remain owned by the Guarantors.  
 
Electricity 
Gas 
Sewerage 
CATV 
Number of 
municipalities 
300 
299 
86 
103 
Total net length (km) 
136,007 
57,912 
11,899 
28,270 
of which (km): 
low voltage/pressure 
mid voltage/pressure 
high voltage 
 
88,129 
47,146 
732 
 
47,842 
10,070 
 
N/A 
N/A 
Number of connections 
3,793,167 
2,541,765 
658,991 
1,153,682 
Digital meters installed 
1,261,894 
908,532 
N/A 
N/A 
Number of social clients 
75,101 
56,915 
N/A 
N/A 
Active budget meters 
49,070 
31,874 
N/A 
N/A 
 
Public lighting 
The Issuer and the Guarantors have activities related to public lighting. These activities stem, amongst 
others, from a historical public service obligation to operate municipal public lighting, imposed by the 
Flemish Government. By decision of the Flemish Government, this public service obligation was 
abolished as from 1 January 2022 onwards. However, the activities related to public lighting are still 
continued as a service to the municipalities. As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer is responsible for the 
operations of 1,179,854 public lighting points. Currently, a refurbishment programme is ongoing in 
collaboration with the municipalities and technical parties, aiming at replacing all public lighting fixtures 
to LED technology by the end of 202827. 
District heating 
The Issuer and the Guarantors are involved in a number of district heating projects. A district heating 
grid is an energy concept that uses heat – such as heat generated by a factory or incinerator, or which is 
drilled up from geothermal sources – for heating purposes. Well-insulated pipelines transport the heat 
from the heat source to the location where the heat is used for sanitation or heating. As such, district 
heating can be considered a sustainable form of energy use. 
The Issuer is gaining valuable expertise in designing, building and operating district heating grids 
through several dedicated projects. For an overview of projects in which the Issuer was involved in 2022, 
 
26 Riobra is not active in the distribution of electricity and gas, only in sewerage. Accordingly, it does not hold a DSO license for electricity and 
gas. 
27 In the context of rising energy prices, the municipalities started looking for ways to reduce the cost of their energy consumption. Public lighting 
also came into the picture. Partly for this reason, the Issuer decided to accelerate the roll-out of LED installations for public lighting. The end 
date for the entire conversion programme was brought forward from 2030 to the end of 2028.

--- Page 118 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
118 
please refer to the table set out in section 3.6.3 – ‘District heating’ below. Further projects, which have 
demonstrated a sufficient strategic fit, will be subject to a business case analysis. 
2.2 
A brief history of the Guarantors  
Since the implementation of the liberalisation in the energy markets in the European Union, the energy 
landscape in the Flemish Region has changed drastically. The main feature of the post-liberalisation 
energy landscape is that commercial activities and infrastructure operation are no longer conducted by a 
single entity. As a result, the intermunicipal companies, such as the relevant Guarantors, had to dispose 
of their electricity and gas supply activities and they have since become DSOs for electricity and gas. 
A second feature of the recent history of the energy distribution in the Flemish region is the tendency to 
create larger DSOs by merging DSOs. The most recent effectively implemented examples of this trend 
are the creation of Fluvius Antwerpen and Fluvius Limburg (both on 1 April 2019). Through such a 
merger, more efficiency and more synergies can be created in grid operations, as well as in the 
administrative support. In some cases, these mergers have led to multi-utility entities, combining 
activities in both energy distribution and other utility services. It cannot be ruled out that more such 
mergers of DSO will be realised in the future, with the same overall effects on synergies and efficiency 
gains. 
In 2022, a restructuring plan for the Guarantors (with the exception of Riobra) was approved in order to 
meet the conditions stipulated in the Energy Decree, under which municipalities can freely choose a 
DSO to the extent that (i) it is the same DSO for the distribution of both gas and electricity and (ii) it 
services a contiguous geographical area with at least 200,000 connected off-takers. The Flemish 
Parliament adopted these additional requirements pursuant to Flemish Decrees of 16 November 2018 
and 15 July 2022, in order to achieve enhanced transparency and uniformity of the operating areas for 
the different DSOs for electricity and gas (i.e., the Guarantors with the exception of Riobra). The changes 
consist of municipalities being transferred from one DSO to another to eliminate “islands” in the DSO 
landscape and to have one single DSO in each municipality for electricity and gas distribution. Further 
to the Flemish Decree of 31 March 2023 amending the initial deadline specified in the Energy Decree, 
the restructuring plan has been approved by the relevant governing bodies of the relevant Guarantors28, 
but will only take effect as from 1 January 2025. It includes, amongst other things a merger between 
Gaselwest (as the absorbing entity) and Fluvius West and a merger between Iverlek (as the absorbing 
entity) and PBE. Accordingly, this will lead to a rearrangement of the proportional shares of 
contributions of each Guarantor in the Issuer, with the Guarantors nonetheless maintaining 100% 
together of the total contributions in the Issuer. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled 
“The Issuer, regulatory changes or legislative changes may initiate a possible merger of DSOs leading 
to a likely tariff harmonisation which may alter the Fluvius Economic Group’s financial position and 
prospects” in Part II – ‘Risk factors’. 
2.3 
Corporate structure of the Guarantors 
The typical corporate structure of the DSOs is composed of the General Assembly (where all 
participating municipalities are represented), a Board of Directors and Regional Governing Committees 
(“RGC”). The Guarantors are very similar as regards their governance structure, however, there are 
some differences amongst them in order to meet specific local circumstances or differences in scale.  
 
28 Sibelgas however initiated an annulment appeal before the Constitutional Court against the Flemish Decree of 15 July 2022 amending the 
Energy Decree, which imposes a threshold of 200,000 electricity and gas connections per DSO. A(partial) annulment of the restructuring 
plan’s legal basis may result in subsequent amendments and/or a postponement of its entry into effect.

--- Page 119 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
119 
Board of Directors  
The number of directors in each Guarantor varies. The Board of Directors is responsible for each 
Guarantor’s specific policy decisions and its own corporate affairs.  
An overview of the directors of each Guarantor as at the date of this Base Prospectus is presented below:  
Fluvius Antwerpen (business address for all directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium) 
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
KENNIS Koen  
chairman 
Antwerp 
alderman 
VERBEECK Paul 
vice-chairman 
Nijlen 
mayor 
BAUWENS Dirk 
director 
Schilde 
mayor 
DE VOS Chris 
director 
Duffel 
councillor 
DE VRIES Tom 
director 
Niel 
mayor 
DECKERS Sven 
director 
Brecht 
mayor 
GYS Frank 
director 
Wommelgem 
mayor 
JANSSENS Luc 
director 
Kapellen 
alderman 
LAMBRECHT Bart 
director 
Aartselaar 
alderman 
LEYS Carine 
director 
Hoboken (Antwerp) 
district alderman 
MEEUWS Tom 
director 
Antwerp 
alderman 
VAN GERVEN Adinda 
director 
Brasschaat 
alderman 
VAN LEUFFEL Charlie 
director 
Antwerp 
district alderman 
VERVLOESEM Katusha 
director 
Rumst 
councillor 
VINGERHOETS Kristien29 
director 
Hemiksem 
councillor 
VAN HOVE Danny 
member with 
advisory role 
Zwijndrecht 
councillor 
 
Fluvius Limburg (business address for the directors: Trichterheideweg 8, 3500 Hasselt, Belgium) 
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
KRIEKELS Rik 
Chair 
Diepenbeek 
mayor 
VAN ROELEN Erik 
vice-chairman 
Halen 
mayor 
BOSMANS Ilse 
director 
Wellen 
alderman 
DALEMANS Jan 
director 
Hechtel-Eksel 
mayor 
DRIES Wim 
director 
Genk 
mayor 
FRANSSEN Ine 
director 
Maaseik 
councillor 
LISMONT Patrick 
director 
Gingelom 
mayor 
NELIS Raf 
director 
Peer 
alderman 
OLAERTS Filip 
Member with 
advisory role 
Zutendaal 
councillor 
STEEGEN Bruno 
director 
Bilzen 
alderman 
THIJS Heidi 
director 
Zutendaal 
councillor 
TIMMERMANS Lies
director 
on behalf of PBE
councillor - Bekkevoort
VAN DER AUWERA 
Liesbeth 
director 
Bree 
mayor 
VERHEYEN Peter 
director 
Lanaken 
alderman 
VINTS Thomas 
director 
Beringen 
mayor 
VOS Mark 
director 
Riemst 
mayor 
 
Fluvius West (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium) 
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
LARIDON Lies 
chair 
Diksmuide 
mayor 
DE KNOP Irina 
vice-chair 
Lennik 
mayor 
 
29 Mrs Vingerhoets resigned in March 2022 and still has to be replaced in the Board of Directors. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
municipality of Hemiksem did not yet propose a new director.

--- Page 120 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
120 
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
DESSEIN Geert 
director 
Ledegem 
alderman 
GOEMAERE Lies 
director 
Oudenburg 
councillor 
LANSENS Patrick 
director 
Koekelare 
mayor 
MAERTENS Caroline 
director 
Izegem 
alderman 
MOERKERKE Geert 
director 
Staden 
alderman 
PATTYN Francis 
director 
Harelbeke 
alderman 
POLLET Jan 
director 
Jabbeke 
councillor 
TANT Stijn 
director 
Wevelgem 
alderman 
VAN DEN BROECK Floris 
director 
Opwijk 
councillor 
VANWILDEMEERSCH Rik 
director 
Hooglede 
alderman 
VERDUYN Mieke 
Director 
Torhout 
councillor 
VERMOTE Lynn 
director 
Kortemark 
alderman 
VIAENE Jan 
director 
Lendelede 
councillor 
TANGHE Johan 
member with 
advisory role 
Oudenburg 
councillor 
 
Gaselwest (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
DEJAEGHER Christof 
chairman 
Poperinge 
mayor 
BOGAERT Franka 
vice-chair 
Oudenaarde 
councillor 
CASIER Youro 
director 
Wervik 
mayor 
COBBAERT Lieven 
director 
Ichtegem 
alderman 
DELBARGE Mathieu 
director 
De Haan 
alderman 
EVRARD Sandy 
director 
Mesen 
mayor 
HAYDON Daisy 
director 
Wielsbeke 
councillor 
VANBRUSSEL Mieke 
director 
Roeselare 
councillor 
VERZELE Joop 
director 
Kruisem 
mayor 
VANDENBROUCKE Koen 
member with 
advisory role 
Oostrozebeke 
councillor 
 
Imewo (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
DE BACKER Charlotte 
chair 
Ostend 
councillor 
THIENPONT Filip 
vice-chair 
Merelbeke 
mayor 
ANNYS Pablo 
director 
Bruges 
alderman 
DE DECKER Carl 
director 
Ghent 
councillor 
DE KEYSER Jan 
director 
Oostkamp 
mayor 
DE SPIEGELAERE Conny 
director 
Deinze 
alderman 
GANSEMANS Joris 
director based on 
experience 
Ghent 
expert 
TRENSON Rob 
director 
Evergem 
councillor 
VAN RYSSELBERGHE 
Sabine 
director 
Lokeren 
alderman 
SEELS Marnix 
member with 
advisory role 
Kaprijke 
councillor 
 
Intergem (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
COPPENS David 
chairman 
Aalst 
councillor 
BUYSE Piet 
vice-chair 
Dendermonde 
mayor 
HANSSENS Carl 
director 
Sint-Niklaas 
alderman 
PEETERS Lotte 
director 
Hamme 
alderman 
VANDERPOORTEN Dirk 
director 
Ninove 
councillor

--- Page 121 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
121 
VINCKE Veerle 
director 
Beveren 
councillor 
VERHOFSTADT Henk 
member with advisory 
role 
Bever 
councillor 
 
Iveka (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
VAN DE PERRE Guy 
chairman 
Kasterlee 
alderman 
CUYLAERTS Nathalie 
vice-chair 
Rijkevorsel 
alderman 
KERSEMANS Tom 
director 
Lille 
alderman 
LATHOUWERS Silke 
director 
Kalmthout 
alderman 
VAN BAVEL Piet 
director 
Hoogstraten 
alderman 
VAN DEN BORNE Patrick 
director 
Ravels 
alderman 
VAN DE PERRE Jef 
member with advisory 
role 
Baarle-Hertog 
councillor 
 
Iverlek (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
DESMETH Jan 
chairman 
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw 
mayor 
GEYPEN Greet 
vice-chair 
Mechelen 
alderman 
DAEMS Geert 
director 
Hulshout 
alderman 
DEMIDDELEER Bertrand 
director 
Halle 
councillor 
ELPERS Heidi 
director 
Lennik 
alderman 
HEREMANS Nathalie 
director 
Heist-op-den-Berg 
councillor 
ROOVERS Tom 
director 
Tienen 
alderman 
VANSINA Dirk 
director 
Leuven 
alderman 
VRANKEN Gerry 
director 
Aarschot 
alderman 
VAN DOREN Bart 
member with advisory 
role 
Londerzeel 
councillor 
 
PBE (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium) 
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
CLUCKERS Geert 
chairman 
Diest 
alderman 
ROGGEN Jo 
vice-chairman 
Geetbets 
mayor 
SUFFELEERS Davy 
vice-chairman 
Lubbeek 
alderman 
BILLENS Samuel 
director 
Gooik 
councillor 
COOSEMANS Pieter 
director 
Holsbeek 
councillor 
DE PRETER Nele 
director 
Tremelo 
councillor 
DEGROOTE Kris 
director 
Herne 
alderman 
DEVOS Stefaan 
director 
Kortenaken 
mayor 
FOURIE Lore 
director 
Landen 
alderman 
LAUREYS Geert 
director 
Steenokkerzeel 
alderman 
LEAERTS Kris 
director 
Kampenhout 
mayor 
SEGHERS Rudi 
director 
Pepingen 
alderman 
TIMMERMANS Katrien
director
Oud-Heverlee
alderman
TIMMERMANS Lies 
director 
Bekkevoort 
councillor 
VAN DEN BROECK 
Lieven 
director 
Herne 
councillor 
WUYTS Annelore 
director 
Tielt-Winge 
councillor 
DANCKERS Ann 
member with 
advisory role 
Begijnendijk 
councillor

--- Page 122 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
122 
Riobra (business address: Brusselsesteenweg199, 9090 Melle, Belgium) 
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
VANGOIDTSENHOVEN 
Danny 
chairman 
Huldenberg 
mayor 
MARTENS Nicky 
vice-chair 
Tienen 
councillor 
DEKEYSER Annick 
director 
Boortmeerbeek 
alderman 
GOOVAERTS Ann 
director 
Steenokkerzeel 
councillor 
GORIS Carine 
director 
Rotselaar 
alderman 
PERSOONS Ludo 
director 
Galmaarden 
alderman 
REVIERS Benny 
director 
Bekkevoort 
alderman 
ROGGEN Jo 
director 
Geetbets 
mayor 
SERE Veerle 
director 
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw 
councillor 
SOREE Bart 
director 
Begijnendijk 
alderman 
SOUFFRIAU Pascale
director
Gooik
councillor
SUFFELEERS Davy 
director 
Lubbeek 
alderman 
TAVERNIERS Jean-Pierre 
director 
Hoegaarden 
mayor 
VANBELLE Guy 
director 
Boutersem 
councillor 
VANDEVELDE Andy 
director 
Linter 
alderman 
REYGAERTS Yvo 
member with 
advisory role 
Bever 
councillor 
 
Sibelgas (business address of the directors: Laurent-Benoit Dewezplein 6, 1800 Vilvoorde, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
BONTE Hans 
chairman 
Vilvoorde 
mayor 
VANSTEENKISTE Walter  
vice-chair 
Wemmel 
mayor 
AKKUS Faruk 
director 
Vilvoorde 
councillor 
ANDRIES Christian 
director 
Wemmel 
alderman 
CLAEYS Steve 
director 
Machelen 
alderman 
DE GROEF Jean-Pierre 
director 
Machelen 
chairman of municipal 
council 
HEYVAERT Roger 
director 
Meise 
councillor 
LAMARTI Fatima 
director 
Vilvoorde 
alderman 
LATHOUWERS Sonia
director
Meise
councillor
LAUWERS Chantal 
director 
Grimbergen 
alderman 
OLBRECHTS Trui 
Director 
Grimbergen 
alderman 
ROOSEN Philip 
director 
Grimbergen 
alderman 
VAN DER STRAETEN 
Monique 
director 
Wemmel 
alderman 
VAN HARCK Nancy 
director 
Machelen 
councillor 
WOUTERS Jaak 
director 
Meise 
councillor 
GROOTJANS Marc 
member with 
advisory role
Machelen
councillor
VIAENE Christian
director I.B.E.G.
/
/
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
Guarantors’ directors and their private interests or other duties. Potential conflicts of interest are 
scrutinised both by the Flemish energy regulator, the VREG, and the Flemish Government as supervising 
authority. 
Regional Governing Committees  
Each participating municipality has the statutory right to nominate at least one member of the relevant 
RGC. Municipalities with large populations sometimes have the right to nominate more than one 
member to such a RGC.

--- Page 123 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
123 
These RGCs are competent to decide on local matters, such as the collaboration with the municipally 
organised Public Social Welfare Centres (Openbaar Centrum voor Maatschappelijk Welzijn), local 
infrastructure works, RUE-activities (Rational Use of Energy), energy services to local authorities, 
public lighting, and the DSOs’ social supplier activities (tariffs excluded). They can also advise on all 
matters pertaining to local matters. As to the strategic participations, the Regional Governing 
Committees have the statutory duty to formulate advices to the Board of Directors on matters such as 
the proposals for capital increases or capital reductions, the acquisition of new participations or the 
divestment of existing participations, and the allocation of the financial profits thereof. The relationship 
between the DSO and the operating company is ensured by and through the DSO’s Board of Directors.  
The exact number of RGCs in each DSO (2 or 3) depends on the size of the DSO. At the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the DSO Sibelgas does not have RGCs. 
2.4 
The status of the Guarantors under public law and the regulatory regime  
General overview and administrative review  
All Guarantors currently qualify as a “mission entrusted association” (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ 
association chargée de mission), governed by the Local Government Decree. 
Pursuant to the Local Government Decree, the mission entrusted associations are subject to 
administrative supervision by the Flemish Government as their supervising authority. It is necessary to 
distinguish between general (ex post) and special (ex ante) administrative review by the Flemish 
Government. General administrative review is governed by Articles 461-469 of the Local Government 
Decree and refers to the possibility for the Flemish Government to annul decisions of the governing 
bodies of the association (in particular the Board of Directors) that it deems are not in compliance with 
the law or the public interest. To this effect, the Flemish Government can request (access to) all decisions, 
documents and information it requires. A summary list of all decisions taken by a mission entrusted 
association must also be published on its website within ten days from the day they are taken.30 A 
decision can also be the subject of a complaint by a third party, in which case the Flemish Government 
will request the decision and related file to take this into account in the exercise of its administrative 
review. The term for exercising its review by the Flemish Government is 30 days from the publication 
of the list (or 50 days from the publication of a decision on certain specific topics). This term is 
suspended by (i) the submission of a (valid and timely) complaint and (ii) a request by the Flemish 
Government to receive the decision; a new 30-day (or 50-day) term then starts on the day following the 
day the complaint or the file, respectively, have been sent. As the filing of a complaint, in our view, does 
not qualify as a mandatory organised administrative review, a third party with an interest is not required 
to do so before it can challenge a decision by a mission entrusted associated before the Council of State 
(which it can do by default within 60 days following its publication). Any annulment decision by the 
Flemish Government must also be published on the website of the association. 
In addition to the general administrative review, special administrative review is exercised by the 
Flemish Government in specific instances pursuant to Articles 418, 428 and 472 of the Local 
Government Decree, with respect to decisions (by a special shareholders meeting) regarding the 
(enactment of the deed of) incorporation, changes to the articles of association and participations in other 
legal persons (that are not mission entrusted associations) respectively. These decisions must be sent 
(within 30 days) to and approved by the Flemish Government (within 60, 90 or 100 days following the 
 
30 In addition to the summary list, decisions about certain specific topics must be integrally published on the website. The Flemish Government 
must be informed of this publication on the same day.

--- Page 124 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
124 
day they are sent) before they can have their effect. As such, this concerns a form of active (ex ante) 
review, as opposed to the passive (ex post), general review described in the preceding paragraph. 
On 3 February 2023, the Flemish Parliament adopted an amendment to the Local Government Decree, 
which includes, among others, amendments to Articles 415, 418, 427 and 429, 430 and 471, and the 
abolishment of article 428, of the Local Government Decree. These changes relate to the 
abovementioned procedure for special administrative review of final offers for intermunicipal 
cooperation (by a consultative body, in the preparatory phase) and draft amendments to the articles of 
association of mission entrusted associations, and will enter into force as from 1 January 2024. Under 
the amended Local Government Decree, the participating municipalities (in the preparatory phase) and 
the board of directors of a mission entrusted association shall be required respectively to submit a final 
offer for intermunicipal cooperation and any draft amendments to the mission entrusted association’s 
articles of association to the Flemish Government for its opinion, no later (in the event of draft changes 
to the articles of association) than 150 prior to the general shareholders’ meeting that will vote on the 
proposed amendments to the articles of association, on pain of nullity. The Flemish Government shall 
issue a non-binding opinion to the board of directors within 60 days from the day following the day on 
which it received the final offer or draft amendment to the articles of association. If it does not issue an 
opinion within this timeframe, the requirement to ask for an opinion shall be deemed satisfied. 
Lastly, the Flemish Government, pursuant to Article 470 of the Local Government Decree, can exercise 
forced supervision (following expiry of a remedy period given by written notice), in the form of one or 
several commissioners that are mandated to collect all requested information or comments at the 
premises of the intermunicipal association or to take other measures prescribed by law. 
The mission entrusted associations have the corporate form of cooperative companies (coöperatieve 
vennootschap/société coopérative) and follow the general rules set out in the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code for cooperative companies. However, on certain key points they differ from these 
rules. For example:  
 
they are established for a limited term. In the current state of legislation, their maximum term is 
18 years. Subsequent extensions (each time by 18-year terms) of the mission entrusted 
associations’ statutory end date are possible if approved by their participants after having 
completed a strict approval procedure. This procedure requires that a request for extension is 
expressed by at least half the shareholders present in the last general shareholders’ meeting taking 
place prior to the then current statutory end date31, representing at least three quarters of the 
participating municipalities, such extension to be approved by a majority of three quarters of the 
vote;32 
 
they can be dissolved and liquidated prior to their then current statutory end date by a general 
shareholders’ meeting deciding with a three-quarter majority of the vote on the request of three 
quarters of the participating municipalities. Specific rules apply to the liquidation process 
(following early termination or expiry of the statutory end date without extension), including with 
respect to the rights and transfer of employees; 
 
31 If the statutory end date falls in a local election year, the decision to extend is rolled over the next general shareholders’ meeting taking place 
in the year following the election year, and the then current statutory end date is automatically pushed out until then. 
32 Pursuant to a recent amendment of the Local Government Decree adopted by the Flemish Parliament on 17 February 2023, effective as from 
8 April 2023, a mission entrusted association’s statutory end date can also be extended by subsequent 18-year terms following a corporate 
restructuring under Book 12 of the Companies and Associations Code occurring in the 3 years preceding its then current statutory end date, 
such extension to be decided by the general shareholders’ meeting deciding on the restructuring.

--- Page 125 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
125 
 
local authorities that are venturing into a mission entrusted association, by rule of law, transfer – 
for the statutory duration of the latter – their relevant municipal competencies to the mission 
entrusted association; 
 
mission entrusted associations are considered to be administrative authorities, whose decisions 
may be challenged before the Council of State (i.e., Belgium’s highest administrative court, or 
“Raad van State” in Dutch, “Conseil d’Etat” in French); 
 
the mission entrusted associations are subject to the general principles of the proper performance 
of public service and they have to comply with the applicable public procurement rules and 
regulations.  
For the sake of clarity, none of the Guarantors has a management committee. None of the Guarantors 
has its own staff. 
Current statutory end dates of the Guarantors  
It was indicated above that all Guarantors have been established as mission entrusted associations for a 
limited, but renewable, term. The table below contains the date of incorporation33 and the current 
statutory end date for each of the Guarantors, which is valid as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Date of incorporation 
Statutory end date 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
24 November 1972 
29 March 2037 
Fluvius Limburg34 
29 November 2004 
29 March 2037 
Fluvius West 
7 April 1924 
29 March 2037 
Gaselwest 
8 July 1975 
29 March 2037 
Intergem 
15 September 1980 
29 March 2037 
Imewo 
10 March 1975 
29 March 2037 
Iveka 
24 November 1981 
29 March 2037 
Iverlek 
29 March 1982 
29 March 2037 
PBE 
8 February 1928 
29 March 2037 
Riobra 
25 November 2005 
24 November 202335 
Sibelgas 
19 December 1986 
29 March 2037 
The Guarantors cannot be subject to Belgian bankruptcy proceedings 
The Guarantors, which are public law entities pursuant to the Local Government Decree, are not subject 
to Belgian bankruptcy legislation and Noteholders will therefore not enjoy protection from these 
bankruptcy laws as the Guarantors do not constitute enterprises under Book XX of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law. 
Immunity of execution  
The Guarantors are public law entities. Under Belgian law, public law entities have the duty to perform 
their tasks of public service at all times (the so-called concept of ‘continuity of the public service’). 
Pursuant to Article 1412bis of the Belgian Judicial Code, assets owned by a public law entity (such as 
the Guarantors) therefore in principle benefit from immunity of execution as a result of which these 
 
33  In some cases, these companies were originally incorporated under a different name. 
34  In March 2022, a proposal was launched to the Board of Directors of Fluvius Limburg regarding the prolongation of the activity ‘sewerage’ 
(ex-Inter-aqua) and the activity ‘CATV infrastructure’ (ex-Inter-media) until the regular termination date of Fluvius Limburg of 29 March 
2037. 
35 Please note that the proposed renewal of the term of Riobra until 29 March 2037 is scheduled for approval on its General Assembly taking 
place on 28 June 2023.

--- Page 126 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
126 
assets cannot be seized. Most notably, this immunity of execution does not apply to assets that are 
manifestly not useful for the performance or the continuity of the public service. This means that, for 
example, the distribution infrastructure (cables, pipelines, cabins and others) owned by a Guarantor 
cannot be seized by Noteholders in case of default. Although this limits the enforceability of the 
obligations of the Guarantors, it also means that each of the Guarantors will be in a position to continue 
to perform its duties of public service and hence to generate revenues. This immunity of execution is not 
to be considered as an immunity of jurisdiction.  
Appointment/licensing requirements for DSOs 
The VREG has the competence to appoint (“license”) the DSOs for electricity and gas in the Flemish 
Region as stipulated in the Energy Decree, i.e., a single DSO is appointed for the distribution of both 
gas and electricity and within a contiguous geographical area servicing at least 200,000 connected 
off-takers.36 The conditions and procedure for such appointment are laid down in the Executive Order 
of the Flemish Government of 19 November 2010 containing general provisions on the energy policy, 
as amended37 (the “Energy Order”). The DSO license is valid for a renewable period of 12 years. 
The key characteristics to be demonstrated by a candidate-operator relate to:  
 
the legal ownership or sufficient exploitation rights over a distribution network;  
 
its financial, organisational and technical capabilities;  
 
its professional reliability;  
 
the operational and legal independence (“unbundling”) of the candidate-operator from all 
companies that are active in electricity generation or the import of natural gas, companies holding 
a supply license, intermediaries, energy service providers (ESCOs) and aggregators, as well as 
their affiliates or associated companies;  
 
its capability to comply with the GDPR in the performance of its data management; and 
 
the capability to comply with uniform conditions for a continuous risk management system. 
The Energy Order sets out more detailed conditions relating to each of these requirements.  
On the basis of the evidence provided by the operators, the VREG extensively controls on a continuous 
basis their compliance with the appointment requirements and conditions.  
The VREG must also give its prior approval for the appointment of an operating company by a DSO. 
The relevant Guarantors (i.e., all Guarantors with the exception of Riobra, which is not a DSO) have 
appointed the Issuer as their operating company for electricity and gas in accordance with the 
requirements and conditions of the Energy Decree and the Energy Order. These Guarantors have been 
allowed to use the services of Fluvius System Operator as their operating company by a decision of the 
VREG of 26 June 2018. The appointment is for the same duration as the Guarantor’s own DSO license. 
 
36 Some of these requirements (i.e., the 200,000 connected off-takers threshold per DSO) have been recently introduced and are still being 
challenged before the Constitutional Court. Notwithstanding this, the Guarantors have approved a restructuring plan to give effect to these 
additional requirements by the transitional deadline (for current DSOs) of 1 January 2025. Please refer to section 2.2 – ‘A brief history of the 
Guarantors’ in this Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
37  Besluit van de Vlaamse Regering van 19 november 2010 houdende algemene bepalingen over het energiebeleid.

--- Page 127 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
127 
Termination/revocation of DSO license 
The DSO license is automatically terminated in the event of bankruptcy38, liquidation or merger. In 
addition, the VREG can revoke a Guarantor’s DSO license in accordance with the Energy Decree in 
each of the following circumstances: 
 
a significant change in the shareholding of the DSO or its operating company that may jeopardise 
the independent grid operation or the data management activities; 
 
a heavy breach by the DSO or its operating company of their obligations under the Energy Decree 
and implementing legislation; and 
 
a heavy breach of compliance with the GDPR.  
The VREG can withdraw its approval of the Issuer as operating company if the Issuer no longer complies 
with the criteria of its appointment (i.e., the same as for the DSO license set out above, and regarding 
the control of the DSO over the operating company) and the unbundling requirements. 
However, the Guarantors and the Issuer deem this risk to be very remote, since they try to comply with 
the rules. Furthermore, compliance by the Issuer and Guarantors with their legal obligations is monitored 
on an ongoing basis by the regulator and other supervising authorities. It should also be noted that the 
VREG may never proceed to the drastic decision of revoking a license or approval without a prior 
notification to the relevant Guarantor (and/or the Issuer) allowing it to rectify the situation or to object 
to the proposed revocation.  
For a further description of the Guarantors’ principal activities and their position in the energy and other 
markets, we refer to section 3.2 – ‘Organisation of the Belgian Electricity Market’, section 3.3 – 
‘Organisation of the Belgian Gas Market’, section 3.4 – ‘Organisation of the Flemish Sewerage Market’ 
and section 3.5 – ‘Organisation of the Flemish cable television (CATV) Market’. In section 4 – 
‘Regulatory and contractual framework applicable to the Guarantors’, the regulations applicable to the 
tariffs used by the Guarantors are set out. 
Distribution of electricity  
With its decisions of 30 September 2014 (PBE), 27 January 2015 (Fluvius West), 3 February 2015 
(Gaselwest, Intergem, Imewo, Iverlek, Iveka and Sibelgas), 24 February 2015 (Fluvius Limburg) and 
25 April 2019 (Fluvius Antwerpen), all as amended from time to time, the VREG renewed all of the 
DSOs’ electricity distribution licenses. The renewed licenses are in principle valid for a 12-year period, 
starting on 5 September 2014 and expiring on 5 September 2026.39 
Distribution of gas  
With its decisions of 29 September 2015, as amended from time to time, the VREG renewed all of the 
DSOs’ gas distribution licenses (other than PBE, which does not hold a gas distribution license). The 
 
38 It should be noted that in their current capacity the Guarantors cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings. Please also refer to the section 
entitled “The Guarantors cannot be subject to Belgian bankruptcy proceedings” and the risk factor entitled “The Guarantors cannot be subject 
to bankruptcy proceedings and, potentially along with the Issuer, benefit from immunity of execution, which limits the enforcement options of 
the Noteholders”.  
39 For the sake of completeness, it can be noted that Fluvius Limburg was finally appointed as DSO for the territory of the municipality of Voeren 
by a decision of the VREG of 7 November 2016, for a 12-year period starting on 1 January 2016 and expiring on 1 January 2028. Furthermore, 
by decisions of 6 October 2020 (published on 8 October 2020), the VREG appointed Imewo as the electricity and gas DSO for the whole city 
of Deinze as per 1 January 2021, and ended the appointment of Gaselwest as electricity and gas DSO for Deinze as of the same date.

--- Page 128 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
128 
renewed licenses are in principle valid for a 12-year period, starting on 14 October 2015 and expiring 
on 14 October 2027. 
General shareholders’ meeting  
Under the Local Government Decree, a general shareholders’ meeting is convened twice a year: in the 
course of the first semester for discussing and approving the annual financial statements of the previous 
financial year, and in the course of the second semester for a discussion on the budgets and the strategy 
for the following year.  
Corporate Governance provisions 
The Guarantors’ articles of association contain stringent provisions on corporate governance. These 
provisions are based on several legal and regulatory provisions as to their independent functioning in a 
liberalised energy market and the rules for a non-discriminatory access to the distribution grids for all 
distribution network users. In this regard, reference is made to the detailed requirements set out in the 
Energy Decree and Energy Order, which are strictly complied with by each of the relevant Guarantors.  
Since none of the Guarantors is a listed company, the Corporate Governance Code for Listed Companies 
does not apply to the Guarantors. The recommendations of the Code Buysse do apply to the Guarantors. 
However, given the nature of the eleven Guarantors and the fact that an extensive set of binding corporate 
governance rules has been imposed upon them by law (see above), the Guarantors do not apply the Code 
Buysse to the extent that full compliance would be impossible, redundant or overly burdensome. 
2.5 
The unbundling regime 
General  
The EU has introduced legislation containing unbundling rules for DSOs which aim to ensure that there 
is no conflict of interest for these system operators in the delivery of their services and no incentive to 
carry out their activities in a manner which might favour certain parties over other parties in the energy 
markets. These rules ensure that DSOs are not allowed to operate or have an interest in the businesses 
of energy generation and energy supply and other related energy businesses (subject to limited 
exceptions). There are different levels of unbundling: accounting, functional, legal and ownership 
unbundling.  
The Third Energy Package40 in principle only requires transmission system operators (“electricity 
TSOs”) to be fully “ownership” unbundled. European legislation does not oblige DSOs to be 
“ownership” unbundled, but it imposes accounts, legal (horizontal) and functional unbundling.41 This is 
the case in Belgium as well where only electricity TSOs are subject to the most stringent rules on 
ownership unbundling. The Flemish Region has implemented the Third Energy Package by introducing 
specific unbundling rules applicable to DSOs (such as the Guarantors) and their operating company.  
 
40  With regard to the electricity market, it concerns the Third Electricity Directive (2009/72/EC). For the gas market, it concerns the Third Gas 
Directive (2009/72/EC). The recast Electricity Directive (EU) 2019/944, which was approved as part of the Clean Energy Package, has not 
substantially altered these unbundling regimes for electricity TSOs and DSOs. 
41 Under future European legislation (i.e., the Commission’s proposed Gas Decarbonisation Package which is currently being discussed by EU 
legislators), similar accounts and horizontal unbundling rules will apply in relation to hydrogen network activities, meaning such activities 
will need to conducted through a separate legal entity (from the one performing the gas and electricity network activities) and DSOs that are 
also hydrogen operators will need to keep separate accounts and therefore a separate regulated asset base for these activities.

--- Page 129 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
129 
Unbundling of the Flemish DSOs  
At the start of the liberalisation of the energy market the Flemish Region opted for a model of legal and 
functional DSO unbundling. Unbundling rules for DSOs and their operating companies are specified in 
both (i) the Energy Decree and (ii) the Energy Order. These rules affect both the Guarantors as DSOs 
and the Issuer as operating company.  
The Energy Decree stipulates that DSOs and their operating companies cannot develop activities 
involving the supply or production of electricity and gas or the provision of commercial energy services 
(including acting as aggregator). In addition, the Energy Order contains, inter alia, the following 
unbundling restrictions:  
 
Maximum participation of 30% in a DSO’s share capital or contributions (as applicable). 
Companies active in electricity generation or import of gas, intermediaries, companies holding a 
supply license, energy service providers (ESCOs) and aggregators (“Production or Supply 
Entities”) or their affiliates or associated companies are prohibited from owning individually or 
jointly more than 30% of the share capital or contributions (as applicable) of a DSO or its 
operating company.  
 
No participation in Production or Supply Entities. DSOs and their operating companies cannot 
directly or indirectly participate in Production or Supply Entities or their affiliates or associated 
companies.  
 
Corporate governance restrictions. The other unbundling restrictions mainly relate to corporate 
governance and the share of independent directors in the various corporate bodies.  
2.6 
The Guarantors’ shareholding 
All shares representing the Guarantors’ share capital or contributions (as applicable) are currently held 
by Flemish local authorities (cities and municipalities). No shareholder exercises control over any 
Guarantor. 
The Guarantors have also issued non-voting shares and profit certificates. For more details, see the 
relevant tables below.  
Shareholding per Guarantor  
The tables below set out the number of voting shares, non-voting shares and profit certificates held by 
each of the Guarantors’ shareholders (situation on 31 December 2022).42  
 
42 For each Guarantor, except Sibelgas, the abbreviations used in these tables refer to the terminology as set out in the articles of association of 
such Guarantors. The current articles of association of the Guarantors are available in Dutch on the website of the Issuer 
(https://over.fluvius.be/nl/thema/de-opdrachthoudende-verenigingen).

--- Page 130 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
130 
1. 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
 
 
2. 
Fluvius Limburg 
 
Ae
A'e
Ag
A'g
Ak
Apg
Apt
Ar
Ate
Aw
Aov
Ce
Cg
Ck
Cpg Cpt
Cr
Cw
Total profit 
certificates
Aartselaar
154.062
7.064
127.956
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
289.083
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
3
Antwerpen
5.369.457
8.434
4.261.418
-- 
2.539.812
596.932
887.639
-- 
1
2
13.663.695
560.694
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Boechout
152.329
-- 
118.748
-- 
-- 
-- 
20.237
-- 
-- 
1
291.315
50.800
1
1
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
1
4
Boom
131.990
-- 
149.464
-- 
118.672
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
400.126
23.094
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
3
Borsbeek
68.295
738
68.203
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
137.237
4.484
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
3
Brasschaat
559.990
27.029
399.781
-- 
263.002
64.009
55.472
-- 
1
-- 
1.369.284
-- 
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Brecht
363.700
-- 
191.610
-- 
52.978
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
608.289
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
4
Duffel
304.870
11.505
191.887
-- 
-- 
26.823
67.386
-- 
1
-- 
602.472
23.593
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
4
Edegem
153.095
-- 
157.280
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
310.375
21.110
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
2
Essen
456.233
144.065
-- 
-- 
101.334
-- 
53.849
411.834
-- 
-- 
1.167.315
79.200
1
-- 
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Grobbendonk
-- 
-- 
99.513
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
335.282
-- 
-- 
434.795
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
2
Hemiksem
148.967
43.924
161.831
-- 
71.074
-- 
19.261
-- 
-- 
1
445.058
26.100
1
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
1
5
Hove
76.069
-- 
62.647
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
138.717
23.394
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
3
Kampenhout
-- 
-- 
25.105
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
25.105
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
Kapellen
383.061
56.897
246.515
-- 
127.675
33.781
49.159
-- 
1
1
897.090
47.224
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Kontich
235.961
-- 
189.938
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
425.899
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
2
Laakdal
-- 
-- 
51.164
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
51.165
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
2
Lier
409.133
-- 
328.868
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
738.002
51.438
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
3
Lille
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
661.704
-- 
-- 
661.704
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
1
Lint
58.712
-- 
60.007
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
118.719
8.934
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
2
Malle
216.026
-- 
148.486
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
364.513
20.717
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
3
Merksplas
136.871
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
6.065
-- 
-- 
-- 
142.936
37.600
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
2
Mortsel
303.437
3.697
211.711
-- 
-- 
46.754
31.390
-- 
1
1
596.991
25.910
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
5
Niel
132.919
12.156
111.807
-- 
64.974
-- 
14.518
-- 
-- 
-- 
336.374
31.600
1
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
4
Nijlen
498.474
128.588
208.075
-- 
-- 
-- 
49.059
114
-- 
1
884.311
92.900
1
1
-- 
-- 
1
1
1
5
Ranst
237.636
-- 
167.126
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
404.763
21.922
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
3
Rumst
171.158
1.452
162.586
-- 
54.235
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
389.432
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
4
Schelle
87.178
-- 
72.130
-- 
56.138
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
215.446
10.937
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
3
Schilde
253.816
-- 
185.825
-- 
89.004
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
528.646
10.634
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
4
Schoten
332.234
10.500
275.381
-- 
234.720
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
852.835
27.113
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
3
Stabroek
134.316
3.042
162.825
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
300.184
23.008
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
3
Steenokkerzeel
-- 
-- 
46.022
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
46.022
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
Wijnegem
111.913
-- 
88.248
-- 
62.608
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
262.770
20.158
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
4
Willebroek
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
107.286
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
107.286
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
Wommelgem
158.356
8.207
112.079
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
278.642
11.222
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
2
Zelzate
119.790
-- 
32.125
-- 
-- 
-- 
16.804
-- 
-- 
1
168.720
38.000
1
1
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
1
4
Zoersel
248.196
1.817
180.177
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
430.190
21.323
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
2
Zwijndrecht
263.705
2.200
164.207
-- 
-- 
22.940
33.197
-- 
1
-- 
486.250
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
4
Final total
12.431.949
471.315
9.220.745
-- 
3.943.512
791.239
1.304.036
1.408.934
6
20
29.571.756
1.313.109
32
34
14
6
13
4
19
122
30.884.865
Participants
Voting shares
Non-voting
Grid management electricty and gas
Other activities
Total grid 
management + 
other activities
Profit certificates
 
 
 
31/12/2022
Ae
Be
Aov
Ag
Bg
Cg
Cg
At
Bt
W
Ar
Br
Wr
elek
elek
elek
gas
gas
gas
gas
CATV
CATV
heat
sewerage
sewerage
sewerage
aandelen
aandelen
aandelen
aandelen
profit certificates
profit certificates
profit certificates
aandelen
aandelen
aandelen
shares
shares
profit certificates
Participants
stemrecht
stemrecht
zonder stemrecht
stemrecht
voting
non-voting
voting
voting
voting
voting
voting
voting
non-voting
 
 
Alken
395
29.419
12.078
36.670
16.932
14.450
19.091
46
13.729
0
4
207.039
41.407
As
92
25.086
7.943
19.189
11.995
5.828
13.524
32
12.816
0
0
0
0
Beringen
1.362
123.382
43.145
91.336
67.863
48.576
76.518
172
54.191
0
10
945.719
189.143
Bilzen
1.054
90.910
32.398
78.934
47.298
28.126
53.330
124
38.387
0
0
0
0
Bocholt
421
56.180
13.044
41.465
19.142
12.050
21.584
52
20.664
0
4
360.923
72.184
Borgloon
422
35.616
11.188
28.869
16.034
11.736
18.079
42
15.116
0
4
155.533
31.106
Bree
581
61.167
15.433
63.781
23.548
17.688
26.551
62
24.353
0
4
268.964
53.792
Diepenbeek
593
55.683
18.813
67.861
27.802
20.990
31.348
74
21.387
0
0
499.166
99.833
Dilsen-Stokkem
659
66.743
20.037
67.387
30.136
34.044
33.980
80
24.200
0
4
474.506
94.901
Genk
520
190.063
69.767
200.817
96.771
68.271
109.112
260
87.221
1
14
1.361.733
272.346
Gingelom
363
15.374
8.371
9.269
12.217
0
0
34
9.083
0
2
190.168
38.033
Halen
337
30.441
9.027
20.472
13.814
10.290
15.575
38
12.899
0
2
171.593
34.318
Ham
341
34.074
10.243
22.668
15.986
6.275
18.025
42
15.080
0
4
230.944
46.188
Hamont-Achel
497
58.373
15.047
82.430
20.824
41.688
23.480
58
22.625
0
0
0
0
Hasselt
2.533
183.833
75.623
461.483
114.636
300.080
129.256
294
102.200
0
16
1.424.651
284.930
Hechtel-Eksel
378
52.721
12.390
39.378
18.219
10.847
20.543
48
18.655
0
4
373.160
74.632
Heers
309
14.811
7.263
12.048
10.685
179
12.048
30
7.947
0
2
69.098
13.819
Herk-de-Stad
409
40.711
12.805
40.551
18.423
16.699
20.772
50
22.314
0
4
283.583
56.716
Herstappe
11
363
93
256
115
154
130
2
149
0
2
10.490
2.098
Heusden-Zolder
1.087
88.303
33.139
113.330
49.359
35.945
55.654
128
39.601
0
0
0
0
Hoeselt
349
28.661
10.137
22.748
14.170
8.496
15.978
40
12.271
0
2
152.582
30.516
Houthalen-Helchteren
971
104.091
32.266
134.367
44.492
58.323
50.166
122
41.189
0
8
696.965
139.393
Kinrooi
409
52.076
12.981
38.182
17.776
893
20.043
50
18.414
0
4
263.954
52.790
Kortessem
254
24.081
8.894
15.582
12.287
2.800
13.854
34
12.447
0
2
106.524
21.304
Laakdal
124
35.700
16.408
0
0
0
0
62
17.045
0
0
0
0
Lanaken
852
58.719
25.983
111.163
37.696
75.578
42.504
102
32.385
0
6
600.098
120.019
Leopoldsburg
190
37.121
15.298
35.492
23.083
20.572
26.027
60
19.628
0
4
143.610
28.722
Lommel
1.052
138.643
33.415
166.939
49.873
70.835
56.234
132
51.137
0
0
0
0
Lummen
478
50.742
14.926
46.531
21.813
18.436
24.595
58
20.131
0
4
249.067
49.813
Maaseik
819
93.445
25.190
73.311
36.860
38.055
41.561
100
35.679
0
6
614.545
122.909
Maasmechelen
1.398
102.115
39.605
149.005
56.700
71.496
63.932
148
49.437
0
8
739.125
147.825
Nieuwerkerken
237
21.326
7.071
14.892
10.192
387
11.491
28
8.709
0
2
244.157
48.831
Oudsbergen
693
82.751
23.835
58.127
34.392
13.143
38.778
94
33.041
0
8
865.714
173.142
Peer
485
73.660
16.693
66.137
23.736
21.148
26.763
66
22.478
0
4
437.887
87.577
Pelt
983
119.217
30.732
146.049
48.170
66.793
54.314
124
45.309
0
4
826.625
165.325
Riemst
635
42.048
17.351
45.219
24.407
14.508
27.520
66
17.818
0
4
373.346
74.669
Sint-Truiden
1.468
75.187
41.614
283.003
59.233
121.773
66.787
158
46.087
0
8
974.893
194.978
Tessenderlo
551
62.389
17.130
56.641
27.273
23.627
30.751
72
27.162
0
0
0
0
Tongeren
1.261
97.536
33.255
110.366
45.354
79.977
51.138
122
43.738
0
8
458.854
91.770
Voeren
34
14.735
7.830
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
63.976
12.795
Wellen
270
24.794
7.397
30.784
10.710
5.653
12.076
30
9.622
0
0
0
0
Zonhoven
633
68.843
20.966
59.346
31.060
22.570
35.021
84
28.968
0
6
574.975
114.995
Zutendaal
189
23.415
7.324
17.131
10.608
1.114
11.960
30
11.287
0
2
170.457
34.091
Total municipalities
26.699
2.684.548
894.148
3.179.209
1.271.684
1.420.093
1.420.093
3.450
1.166.599
1
172
15.584.624
3.116.910
PBE
0
0
0
230.915
92.366
225.981
225.981
0
0
0
0
0
0
TOTAL
26.699
2.684.548
894.148
3.410.124
1.364.050
1.646.074
1.646.074
3.450
1.166.599
1
172
15.584.624
3.116.910

--- Page 131 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
131 
 
3. 
Fluvius West 
 
 
 
Shares
Shares
Shares
Shares
Shares
Shares
Shares
Shares
Profit certificates
Profit certificates
Profit certificates
Profit certificates
Total Fluvius West
Total Fluvius West
Total Fluvius West
Participants
electricity
electricity
natural gas
CATV
CATV
sewerage
public lighting
electricity
natural gas
CATV
sewerage
Number of
Number of
Number of
Aed
Aoge
Ag
Atv
Aogtv
Ar
Aov
Wed
Wag
Wtv
Wr
shares
voting
profit certificates
Asse
1.394
1.394
1.394
0
Beerse
41.517
2.655
424.744
10.190
5.740
468.916
468.916
15.930
Diksmuide
247.123
12.571
40.764
29.710
825
340.296
30.933
82.944
14.549
9.743
4.599
702.222
671.289
111.835
Dilbeek
1.875
1.875
1.875
0
Galmaarden
385
385
385
0
Gistel
132.441
6.622
38.601
21.844
702
281.736
23.632
48.695
12.735
7.164
3.807
505.578
481.946
72.401
Gooik
433
433
433
0
Grimbergen
1.635
1.635
1.635
0
Harelbeke
381.002
13.722
110.426
54.641
1.460
574.679
51.454
125.567
35.567
17.599
7.766
1.187.384
1.135.930
186.499
Herne
337
337
337
0
Hooglede
171.380
10.695
30.324
18.236
1.015
276.522
16.251
57.659
10.108
6.010
3.737
524.423
508.172
77.514
Houthulst
209.915
2.837
209.915
209.915
2.837
Ichtegem
316.432
4.276
316.432
316.432
4.276
Ingelmunster
242.795
3.281
242.795
242.795
3.281
Izegem
50
610.267
8.247
610.317
610.317
8.247
Jabbeke
164.357
25.225
26.330
4.126
34.175
60.605
8.715
254.213
220.038
69.320
Kampenhout
529
529
529
0
Koekelare
118.829
5.124
13.572
16.300
214
203.209
38.380
5.868
5.370
2.746
357.248
357.248
52.364
Kortemark
189.797
4.071
23.500
204
256.078
62.631
7.476
3.461
473.650
473.650
73.568
Langemark-Poelkapelle
159.819
2.160
159.819
159.819
2.160
Ledegem
107.241
6.958
25.253
18.101
828
13.762
37.448
9.091
5.840
172.143
158.381
52.379
Lendelede
91.661
1.444
23.122
10.951
321
134.256
10.433
30.832
6.455
3.530
1.814
272.188
261.755
42.631
Lennik
433
433
433
0
Lichtervelde
189.560
2.562
189.560
189.560
2.562
Liedekerke
577
577
577
0
Machelen
577
577
577
0
Meise
914
914
914
0
Merchtem
722
722
722
0
Middelkerke
390.456
7.281
77.608
86.275
591
137.077
25.939
29.345
562.211
562.211
192.361
Moorslede
207.546
2.805
207.546
207.546
2.805
Nieuwpoort
37.913
578
13.411
38.491
38.491
13.411
Opwijk
97
97
97
0
Oudenburg
75.218
14.864
28.990
18.149
1.388
198.696
23.391
33.736
10.408
6.080
2.685
360.696
337.305
52.909
Pepingen
241
241
241
0
Pittem
145.469
1.965
145.469
145.469
1.965
Roosdaal
529
529
529
0
Staden
238.027
3.217
238.027
238.027
3.217
Steenokkerzeel
529
529
529
0
Torhout
265.845
6.121
42.981
39.644
970
406.094
25.940
94.310
16.015
13.185
5.488
787.595
761.655
128.998
Vilvoorde
1.731
1.731
1.731
0
Vosselaar
80.260
4.918
48.359
25.229
1.321
230.478
23.817
26.962
13.265
6.514
3.115
414.382
390.565
49.856
Wevelgem
465.284
17.612
30.496
1.295
54.623
145.334
9.828
569.310
514.687
155.162
Total participants
2.880.944
137.228
480.000
511.774
18.493 5.646.618
308.411
982.180
160.000
160.000
76.308
9.983.468
9.675.057
1.378.488
Voting
Non-voting
Shares 
Profit certificates

--- Page 132 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
132 
4. 
Gaselwest 
 
 
Ae
Ag
Total grid 
management
Apg
Apt
Ate
Aw
Total other 
activiies
Aov
Ce
Cg
Cpg
Cpt
Cw
Total profit certificates
Alveringem
79.541
          
13.756
          
93.297
          
6.213
            
23.104
          
1
                  
-
               
29.318
             
122.615
          
6.865
              
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Anzegem
250.861
        
28.873
          
279.734
        
18.766
          
71.455
          
1
                  
1
                  
90.223
             
369.957
          
18.747
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Ardooie
283.135
        
125.123
        
408.258
        
101.271
        
113.572
        
1
                  
-
               
214.844
            
623.102
          
-
                 
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Avelgem
89.280
          
11.323
          
100.603
        
21.409
          
16.316
          
1
                  
-
               
37.726
             
138.329
          
10.168
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
De Haan
266.131
        
168.323
        
434.454
        
90.263
          
78.517
          
1
                  
-
               
168.781
            
603.235
          
51.084
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
De Panne
293.910
        
194.220
        
488.130
        
74.706
          
70.789
          
1
                  
-
               
145.496
            
633.626
          
29.902
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Deerlijk
301.299
        
106.236
        
407.535
        
55.577
          
85.894
          
1
                  
-
               
141.472
            
549.007
          
14.391
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Dentergem
137.450
        
24.029
          
161.479
        
10.518
          
50.000
          
1
                  
1
                  
60.520
             
221.999
          
9.301
              
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Gavere
271.058
        
22.289
          
293.347
        
2.935
            
43.015
          
1
                  
1
                  
45.952
             
339.299
          
29.510
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Heuvelland
197.371
        
39.270
          
236.641
        
52.690
          
54.003
          
1
                  
-
               
106.694
            
343.335
          
11.368
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Horebeke
43.860
          
740
              
44.600
          
-
               
6.033
            
1
                  
1
                  
6.035
               
50.635
            
3.741
              
1
        
1
        
-
     
1
        
1
        
4
                                
Houthulst
118.207
        
12.483
          
130.690
        
2.777
            
38.147
          
1
                  
-
               
40.925
             
171.615
          
12.612
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Ichtegem
174.088
        
108.000
        
282.088
        
75.097
          
44.071
          
1
                  
-
               
119.169
            
401.257
          
23.598
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Ieper
759.642
        
452.867
        
1.212.509
     
306.112
        
212.179
        
1
                  
-
               
518.292
            
1.730.801
       
64.692
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Ingelmunster
215.453
        
88.894
          
304.347
        
45.890
          
47.426
          
1
                  
-
               
93.317
             
397.664
          
15.601
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Izegem
-
               
347.906
        
347.906
        
150.683
        
-
               
1
                  
1
                  
150.685
            
498.591
          
-
                 
-
     
1
        
1
        
-
     
1
        
3
                                
Kluisbergen
146.567
        
21.083
          
167.650
        
30.822
          
53.966
          
1
                  
-
               
84.789
             
252.439
          
20.068
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Koksijde
584.764
        
316.576
        
901.340
        
125.541
        
121.081
        
1
                  
-
               
246.623
            
1.147.963
       
70.908
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Kortemark
-
               
61.633
          
61.633
          
154.010
        
-
               
-
               
-
               
154.010
            
215.643
          
-
                 
-
     
1
        
1
        
-
     
-
     
2
                                
Kortrijk
1.581.525
     
1.063.310
     
2.644.835
     
406.307
        
378.206
        
1
                  
-
               
784.514
            
3.429.349
       
126.411
          
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Kruisem
363.845
        
38.244
          
402.089
        
23.728
          
81.292
          
2
                  
2
                  
105.024
            
507.113
          
30.959
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Kuurne
295.220
        
174.037
        
469.257
        
94.666
          
96.137
          
1
                  
-
               
190.804
            
660.061
          
21.524
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Langemark-Poelkapelle
129.294
        
20.202
          
149.496
        
32.485
          
55.042
          
1
                  
-
               
87.528
             
237.024
          
8.574
              
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Lo-Reninge
51.479
          
13.235
          
64.714
          
5.724
            
15.171
          
1
                  
-
               
20.896
             
85.610
            
7.389
              
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Maarkedal
147.564
        
2.362
            
149.926
        
-
               
19.918
          
1
                  
-
               
19.919
             
169.845
          
5.186
              
1
        
1
        
-
     
1
        
-
     
3
                                
Menen
452.249
        
419.277
        
871.526
        
211.299
        
145.419
        
1
                  
1
                  
356.720
            
1.228.246
       
43.575
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Mesen
14.003
          
13.288
          
27.291
          
4.256
            
1.619
            
1
                  
-
               
5.876
               
33.167
            
2.989
              
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Meulebeke
197.735
        
80.020
          
277.755
        
59.637
          
48.327
          
1
                  
1
                  
107.966
            
385.721
          
14.290
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Moorslede
152.502
        
75.229
          
227.731
        
35.958
          
42.840
          
1
                  
-
               
78.799
             
306.530
          
14.511
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Nazareth
220.549
        
20.178
          
240.727
        
2.593
            
64.188
          
1
                  
-
               
66.782
             
307.509
          
27.833
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Nieuwpoort
266.389
        
149.246
        
415.635
        
58.956
          
44.530
          
-
               
-
               
103.486
            
519.121
          
-
                 
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Oostrozebeke
161.039
        
38.363
          
199.402
        
36.937
          
58.796
          
1
                  
-
               
95.734
             
295.136
          
10.918
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Oudenaarde
587.889
        
264.825
        
852.714
        
298.333
        
191.642
        
1
                  
1
                  
489.977
            
1.342.691
       
81.744
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Pittem
162.620
        
64.797
          
227.417
        
78.424
          
54.680
          
1
                  
1
                  
133.106
            
360.523
          
10.763
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Poperinge
310.652
        
152.463
        
463.115
        
80.968
          
86.768
          
1
                  
-
               
167.737
            
630.852
          
55.000
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Roeselare
1.113.670
     
741.165
        
1.854.835
     
401.463
        
355.789
        
1
                  
-
               
757.253
            
2.612.088
       
-
                 
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Ronse
495.401
        
347.617
        
843.018
        
156.750
        
103.376
        
1
                  
1
                  
260.128
            
1.103.146
       
53.676
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Ruiselede
85.950
          
26.424
          
112.374
        
14.628
          
29.528
          
1
                  
-
               
44.157
             
156.531
          
7.687
              
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Spiere-Helkijn
36.923
          
4.374
            
41.297
          
1.272
            
18.497
          
1
                  
1
                  
19.771
             
61.068
            
4.453
              
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Staden
273.533
        
96.783
          
370.316
        
91.046
          
136.249
        
1
                  
-
               
227.296
            
597.612
          
-
                 
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Tielt
460.977
        
201.054
        
662.031
        
166.633
        
145.899
        
1
                  
1
                  
312.534
            
974.565
          
31.246
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Veurne
251.341
        
155.215
        
406.556
        
128.081
        
102.398
        
1
                  
1
                  
230.481
            
637.037
          
19.440
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Vleteren
41.001
          
10.848
          
51.849
          
5.724
            
11.965
          
1
                  
-
               
17.690
             
69.539
            
6.396
              
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Waregem
904.096
        
338.991
        
1.243.087
     
319.664
        
347.890
        
1
                  
-
               
667.555
            
1.910.642
       
63.614
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Wervik
204.724
        
161.044
        
365.768
        
82.876
          
60.395
          
1
                  
-
               
143.272
            
509.040
          
30.156
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Wevelgem
-
               
143.639
        
143.639
        
189.332
        
-
               
1
                  
-
               
189.333
            
332.972
          
-
                 
-
     
1
        
1
        
-
     
-
     
2
                                
Wielsbeke
107.661
        
46.407
          
154.068
        
152.004
        
87.043
          
1
                  
1
                  
239.049
            
393.117
          
24.827
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Wingene
300.714
        
72.937
          
373.651
        
43.248
          
58.509
          
1
                  
-
               
101.758
            
475.409
          
36.890
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Wortegem-Petegem
131.209
        
2.957
            
134.166
        
-
               
31.119
          
1
                  
-
               
31.120
             
165.286
          
9.841
              
1
        
1
        
-
     
1
        
-
     
3
                                
Zonnebeke
191.935
        
84.223
          
276.158
        
93.448
          
111.528
        
1
                  
-
               
204.977
            
481.135
          
21.026
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Zulte
310.780
        
38.759
          
349.539
        
12.280
          
77.165
          
1
                  
-
               
89.446
             
438.985
          
33.183
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
-
     
4
                                
Zwalm
140.719
        
5.695
            
146.414
        
49
                
16.107
          
1
                  
1
                  
16.158
             
162.572
          
11.074
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Zwevegem
330.859
        
92.927
          
423.786
        
47.358
          
90.827
          
1
                  
1
                  
138.187
            
561.973
          
39.621
            
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
1
        
5
                                
Total municipalities
14.688.664
   
7.303.759
     
21.992.423
   
4.661.407
     
4.298.427
     
52
                
18
                
8.959.904
         
30.952.327
     
1.247.352
       
50
      
53
      
50
      
50
      
17
      
220
                            
Provincie West-Vlaanderen
-
               
-
               
-
               
-
               
-
               
-
               
-
               
-
                   
-
                 
-
     
-
     
-
     
-
     
-
     
-
                             
Total public participants
14.688.664
   
7.303.759
     
21.992.423
   
4.661.407
     
4.298.427
     
52
                
18
                
8.959.904
         
30.952.327
     
1.247.352
       
50
      
53
      
50
      
50
      
17
      
220
                            
32.199.679
                              
Participants
Voting shares
Non-voting
Grid management electricity and gas
Other activities
Total grid 
management + 
other activities
Profit certificates

--- Page 133 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
133 
5. 
Imewo 
 
6. 
Intergem 
 
Ae
Ag
Total grid 
management
Apg
Apt
Ate
Aw
Total other 
activities
Aov
Ce
Cg
Cpg
Cpt
Cw
Total profit 
certificates
Aalter
341,177
132,668
473,845
30,357
50,911
2
-- 
81,270
555,115
-- 
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Assenede
169,299
64,864
234,163
8,068
15,322
1
1
23,392
257,555
12,702
1
1
1
1
1
5
Beernem
168,405
63,420
231,825
13,438
24,710
1
-- 
38,149
269,974
32,721
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Berlare
149,240
52,754
201,994
7,867
14,769
1
-- 
22,637
224,631
13,853
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Blankenberge
232,642
194,938
427,580
20,006
32,137
1
-- 
52,144
479,724
39,256
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Bredene
147,068
94,141
241,209
11,394
25,221
1
-- 
36,616
277,825
36,654
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Brugge
1,383,974
1,177,829
2,561,803
139,780
268,256
1
-- 
408,037
2,969,840
179,419
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Damme
108,770
53,899
162,669
8,168
16,911
1
-- 
25,080
187,749
32,995
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
De Pinte
102,098
38,143
140,241
5,240
11,470
1
-- 
16,711
156,952
-- 
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Deinze
817,036
258,317
1,075,353
28,078
76,715
2
1
104,796
1,180,149
91,656
1
1
1
1
1
5
Destelbergen
200,548
120,733
321,281
13,614
15,146
1
1
28,762
350,043
18,669
1
1
1
1
1
5
Eeklo
296,627
274,835
571,462
20,576
38,506
1
-- 
59,083
630,545
26,259
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Evergem
487,418
228,526
715,944
29,955
49,498
1
-- 
79,454
795,398
57,376
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Gent
4,535,304
3,568,363
8,103,667
288,460
498,205
1
-- 
786,666
8,890,333
-- 
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Jabbeke
-- 
92,404
92,404
3,833
8,085
1
-- 
11,919
104,323
-- 
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
3
Kaprijke
82,883
30,753
113,636
4,541
8,535
1
-- 
13,077
126,713
25,251
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Knokke-Heist
643,984
449,646
1,093,630
41,018
89,893
1
1
130,913
1,224,543
71,473
1
1
1
1
1
5
Laarne
146,362
67,599
213,961
9,279
17,147
1
-- 
26,427
240,388
22,299
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Lede
160,817
109,650
270,467
8,168
14,380
1
-- 
22,549
293,016
13,037
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Lichtervelde
95,844
47,713
143,557
8,370
13,295
1
-- 
21,666
165,223
12,442
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Lievegem
307,680
147,661
455,341
18,666
33,485
3
1
52,155
507,496
53,046
1
1
1
1
1
5
Lochristi
287,398
147,597
434,995
14,448
22,964
1
1
37,414
472,409
39,313
1
1
1
1
1
5
Lokeren
459,425
320,502
779,927
38,224
64,349
1
-- 
102,574
882,501
78,280
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Maldegem
260,910
184,720
445,630
16,743
33,630
1
-- 
50,374
496,004
18,975
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Melle
125,026
111,624
236,650
7,967
12,800
1
1
20,769
257,419
23,645
1
1
1
1
1
5
Merelbeke
192,022
189,202
381,224
20,614
33,082
1
-- 
53,697
434,921
34,201
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Moerbeke
80,026
42,157
122,183
4,235
7,151
1
1
11,388
133,571
10,900
1
1
1
1
1
5
Oostende
1,163,272
594,707
1,757,979
68,627
123,475
1
-- 
192,103
1,950,082
172,524
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Oosterzele
149,051
37,201
186,252
6,958
9,564
1
-- 
16,523
202,775
21,521
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Oostkamp
230,078
96,770
326,848
18,896
31,784
1
-- 
50,681
377,529
48,684
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Sint-Laureins
86,063
35,680
121,743
4,335
7,952
1
-- 
12,288
134,031
10,146
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Sint-Lievens-Houtem
117,422
22,522
139,944
9,785
14,039
1
-- 
23,825
163,769
11,267
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Sint-Martens-Latem
98,044
34,343
132,387
6,262
10,726
1
-- 
16,989
149,376
17,203
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Wachtebeke
60,269
23,002
83,271
4,541
6,239
1
-- 
10,781
94,052
18,321
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Wetteren
336,205
218,815
555,020
31,731
51,043
1
-- 
82,775
637,795
40,543
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Wichelen
127,636
49,498
177,134
5,525
9,931
1
-- 
15,457
192,591
17,714
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Zedelgem
202,768
111,631
314,399
20,878
31,180
1
-- 
52,059
366,458
40,690
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Zele
282,684
227,635
510,319
25,314
46,537
1
-- 
71,852
582,171
35,777
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Zuienkerke
36,248
10,770
47,018
1,906
3,082
1
-- 
4,989
52,007
3,842
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
Total municipalities
14,871,723
9,727,232
24,598,955
1,025,865
1,842,125
43
8
2,868,041
27,466,996
1,382,654
38
39
39
39
8
163
Provincie West-Vlaanderen
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
Total public participants
14,871,723
9,727,232
24,598,955
1,025,865
1,842,125
43
8
2,868,041
27,466,996
1,382,654
38
39
39
39
8
163
28,849,650
Imewo number of shares and profit certificates
per 31 December 2022
Participants
Voting shares
Non-voting shares
Grid management electricity and gas
Other activities
Total grid 
management + 
other activities
Profit certificates
Ae
Ag
Total grid 
management
Apg
Apt
Ape
Ate
Aw
Total other 
activities
Aov
Ce
Cg
Cpg
Cpt
Cpe
Cw
Total profit 
certificates
Aalst
1,176,018
628,026
1,804,044
357,271
383,963
111,052
1
1
852,288
2,656,332
-- 
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Affligem
108,906
31,500
140,406
12,420
43,213
12,730
1
-- 
68,364
208,770
14,093
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Bever
14,928
221
15,149
-- 
7,038
2,073
-- 
-- 
9,111
24,260
2,584
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Beveren
719,677
326,004
1,045,681
214,363
192,329
55,161
1
-- 
461,854
1,507,535
-- 
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Brakel
124,453
23,854
148,307
9,106
71,754
19,285
1
-- 
100,146
248,453
26,324
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Buggenhout
185,746
73,440
259,186
32,612
61,354
17,519
1
1
111,487
370,673
10,554
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Denderleeuw
167,448
108,867
276,315
53,700
76,764
22,613
1
-- 
153,078
429,393
28,836
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Dendermonde
582,389
448,810
1,031,199
260,728
191,785
56,497
1
-- 
509,011
1,540,210
51,336
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Erpe-Mere
230,344
33,465
263,809
5,105
87,022
25,635
1
1
117,764
381,573
27,913
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Geraardsbergen
309,484
214,325
523,809
124,488
126,942
42,285
1
-- 
293,716
817,525
39,435
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Haaltert
168,123
66,200
234,323
25,068
77,391
23,467
1
-- 
125,927
360,250
-- 
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Hamme
242,215
210,287
452,502
113,610
106,399
31,343
1
-- 
251,353
703,855
21,986
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Herzele
142,680
42,688
185,368
13,982
66,287
22,081
1
1
102,352
287,720
25,173
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Kruibeke
168,091
116,418
284,509
79,665
68,933
20,307
1
-- 
168,906
453,415
30,456
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Lebbeke
193,898
111,793
305,691
56,576
97,471
25,738
1
1
179,787
485,478
15,874
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Lierde
49,522
9,804
59,326
667
25,069
8,351
1
1
34,089
93,415
6,827
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Ninove
428,927
194,794
623,721
99,628
126,809
45,789
1
-- 
272,227
895,948
60,628
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Sint-Gillis-Waas
171,362
146,179
317,541
73,455
70,767
20,847
1
-- 
165,070
482,611
18,327
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Sint-Niklaas
1,043,690
686,912
1,730,602
382,131
259,500
93,702
1
-- 
735,334
2,465,936
97,966
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Stekene
162,359
135,248
297,607
68,558
62,837
18,511
1
-- 
149,907
447,514
25,917
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Temse
341,494
240,326
581,820
134,032
107,934
31,796
1
-- 
273,763
855,583
32,526
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Waasmunster
101,276
51,407
152,683
20,421
38,166
11,102
1
1
69,691
222,374
13,926
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Zottegem
275,848
110,816
386,664
54,596
117,548
34,628
1
1
206,774
593,438
-- 
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Total public participants
7,108,878
4,011,384
11,120,262
2,192,182
2,467,275
752,512
22
8
5,411,999
16,532,261
550,681
23
23
22
23
23
8
122
17,082,942
Participants
Shares with voting rights
Non-voting
Grid management electricty and gas
Other activities
Total grid 
management 
+ other 
activities
Profit certificates

--- Page 134 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
134 
7. 
Iveka 
 
Ae
Ag
Total grid 
management
Apt
Aw
Total other 
activities
Aov
Ce
Cg
Cpt
Cw
Total profit 
certificates
Arendonk
209,526
103,141
312,667
-- 
-- 
-- 
312,667
21,635
1
1
-- 
-- 
2
Baarle-Hertog
50,031
8,253
58,284
-- 
1
1
58,285
4,469
1
1
-- 
1
3
Balen
316,604
84,623
401,227
-- 
-- 
-- 
401,227
40,840
1
1
-- 
-- 
2
Beerse
263,845
165,671
429,516
-- 
-- 
-- 
429,516
18,513
1
1
-- 
-- 
2
Dessel
147,573
72,724
220,297
-- 
1
1
220,298
22,507
1
1
-- 
1
3
Essen
-- 
90,698
90,698
-- 
-- 
-- 
90,698
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
1
Geel
587,493
300,779
888,272
-- 
-- 
-- 
888,272
80,320
1
1
-- 
-- 
2
Grobbendonk
172,285
-- 
172,285
-- 
-- 
-- 
172,285
22,267
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
Herentals
446,641
266,160
712,801
-- 
-- 
-- 
712,801
39,802
1
1
-- 
-- 
2
Herenthout
132,426
90,493
222,919
-- 
1
1
222,920
9,649
1
1
-- 
1
3
Hoogstraten
351,123
196,478
547,601
-- 
1
1
547,602
33,604
1
1
-- 
1
3
Kalmthout
269,875
143,233
413,108
-- 
1
1
413,109
31,745
1
1
-- 
1
3
Kasterlee
284,788
130,129
414,917
-- 
-- 
-- 
414,917
20,208
1
1
-- 
-- 
2
Lille
274,876
153,435
428,311
-- 
1
1
428,312
17,987
1
1
-- 
1
3
Meerhout
168,814
57,639
226,453
-- 
1
1
226,454
9,561
1
1
-- 
1
3
Merksplas
-- 
70,961
70,961
-- 
-- 
-- 
70,961
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
1
Mol
545,061
267,482
812,543
-- 
1
1
812,544
53,852
1
1
-- 
1
3
Olen
175,738
111,157
286,895
-- 
-- 
-- 
286,895
18,373
1
1
-- 
-- 
2
Oud-Turnhout
212,933
119,133
332,066
-- 
-- 
-- 
332,066
15,394
1
1
-- 
-- 
2
Ravels
259,695
123,234
382,929
-- 
-- 
-- 
382,929
26,782
1
1
-- 
-- 
2
Retie
175,434
86,124
261,558
-- 
1
1
261,559
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
3
Rijkevorsel
212,864
91,322
304,186
-- 
-- 
-- 
304,186
15,958
1
1
-- 
-- 
2
Turnhout
518,717
414,743
933,460
-- 
-- 
-- 
933,460
93,312
1
1
-- 
-- 
2
Vorselaar
243,060
55,870
298,930
49,164
1
49,165
348,095
31,300
1
1
1
1
4
Westerlo
371,379
210,734
582,113
-- 
1
1
582,114
35,165
1
1
-- 
1
3
Wuustwezel
313,603
151,191
464,794
-- 
1
1
464,795
37,557
1
1
-- 
1
3
Zandhoven
202,565
107,116
309,681
-- 
1
1
309,682
13,385
1
1
-- 
1
3
Totaal public participants
6,906,949
3,672,523
10,579,472
49,164
13
49,177
10,628,649
714,185
25
26
1
13
65
11,342,834
Participants
Shares with voting rights
Non-voting
Grid management electricity and gas
Other activities
Total grid 
management + 
other activities
Profit certificates

--- Page 135 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
135 
8. 
Iverlek  
 
 
Ae
Ag
Total grid 
management
Apg
Apt
Ate
Aw
Total other 
activities
Aov
Ce
Cg
Cpg
Cpt
Cw
Total profit 
certificates
Aarschot
591,965
215,705
807,670
16,579
92,506
1
-- 
109,086
916,756
28,052
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Asse
505,426
293,883
799,309
-- 
155,489
-- 
1
155,490
954,799
40,574
1
1
-- 
1
1
4
Beersel
465,079
284,356
749,435
180,109
117,102
1
-- 
297,212
1,046,647
51,686
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Berlaar
197,460
121,461
318,921
68,246
47,133
1
-- 
115,380
434,301
10,650
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Bertem
154,225
68,535
222,760
30,810
30,080
1
1
60,892
283,652
9,817
1
1
1
1
1
5
Bierbeek
182,251
47,891
230,142
5,382
36,929
1
1
42,313
272,455
8,492
1
1
1
1
1
5
Bonheiden
260,732
129,037
389,769
69,720
61,709
1
-- 
131,430
521,199
12,891
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Boortmeerbeek
201,887
55,442
257,329
37,996
60,252
1
-- 
98,249
355,578
14,389
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Bornem
318,858
260,886
579,744
38,176
95,398
1
-- 
133,575
713,319
32,310
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Boutersem
117,563
54,007
171,570
18,936
28,183
1
-- 
47,120
218,690
9,411
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Diest
-- 
213,666
213,666
4,958
-- 
-- 
-- 
4,958
218,624
-- 
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
2
Dilbeek
590,053
503,381
1,093,434
292,385
172,982
-- 
-- 
465,367
1,558,801
47,331
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Drogenbos
90,232
111,888
202,120
12,375
27,502
-- 
-- 
39,877
241,997
7,961
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Haacht
260,213
49,123
309,336
8,673
60,738
1
-- 
69,412
378,748
15,301
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Halle
542,233
498,745
1,040,978
57,116
176,383
1
-- 
233,500
1,274,478
49,973
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Heist-op-den-Berg
732,483
298,776
1,031,259
150,631
164,153
1
1
314,786
1,346,045
54,919
1
1
1
1
1
5
Herent
331,905
185,181
517,086
19,280
73,055
1
1
92,337
609,423
23,653
1
1
1
1
1
5
Herselt
278,775
57,741
336,516
33,077
59,885
1
-- 
92,963
429,479
10,273
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Hoegaarden
115,416
71,876
187,292
37,570
30,405
1
-- 
67,976
255,268
8,935
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Hoeilaart
171,377
124,409
295,786
78,573
41,302
1
-- 
119,876
415,662
18,508
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Huldenberg
169,635
39,765
209,400
15,682
35,472
1
-- 
51,155
260,555
-- 
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Hulshout
184,658
57,365
242,023
24,465
47,133
1
-- 
71,599
313,622
26,462
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Kapelle-op-den-Bos
136,300
77,214
213,514
8,885
37,556
1
1
46,443
259,957
27,572
1
1
1
1
1
5
Keerbergen
206,900
27,971
234,871
2,914
60,362
1
-- 
63,277
298,148
17,338
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Kortenberg
323,943
225,801
549,744
5,904
67,466
1
-- 
73,371
623,115
23,534
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Kraainem
191,345
199,659
391,004
130,521
53,935
1
-- 
184,457
575,461
-- 
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Lennik
171,235
48,977
220,212
2,963
36,929
-- 
-- 
39,892
260,104
15,322
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Leuven
1,565,952
1,457,894
3,023,846
1,394,467
549,430
1
-- 
1,943,898
4,967,744
-- 
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Liedekerke
212,218
81,596
293,814
49,817
47,133
-- 
-- 
96,950
390,764
13,137
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Linkebeek
79,531
80,659
160,190
220,355
19,908
1
1
240,265
400,455
4,847
1
1
1
1
1
5
Londerzeel
285,901
106,667
392,568
12,952
82,506
1
-- 
95,459
488,027
18,237
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Mechelen
1,398,799
1,411,504
2,810,303
818,528
425,166
1
-- 
1,243,695
4,053,998
105,190
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Merchtem
263,670
98,116
361,786
38,381
74,262
-- 
-- 
112,643
474,429
13,804
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Opwijk
211,016
68,220
279,236
24,195
57,297
1
-- 
81,493
360,729
18,262
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Overijse
439,102
277,539
716,641
176,747
120,995
1
-- 
297,743
1,014,384
-- 
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Putte
296,861
106,079
402,940
55,174
90,497
1
1
145,673
548,613
14,606
1
1
1
1
1
5
Puurs-Sint-Amands
391,519
294,505
686,024
33,279
114,486
2
2
147,769
833,793
46,220
1
1
1
1
1
5
Roosdaal
194,783
63,661
258,444
22,556
44,750
-- 
-- 
67,306
325,750
12,246
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Rotselaar
294,900
74,452
369,352
8,438
60,252
1
1
68,692
438,044
15,269
1
1
1
1
1
5
Scherpenheuvel-Zichem
414,266
94,603
508,869
3,155
92,322
1
-- 
95,478
604,347
18,536
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Sint-Genesius-Rode
287,982
247,505
535,487
185,913
95,789
1
1
281,704
817,191
-- 
1
1
1
1
1
5
Sint-Katelijne-Waver
375,324
224,828
600,152
137,899
119,641
1
-- 
257,541
857,693
23,888
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw
562,105
407,161
969,266
239,652
180,303
1
1
419,957
1,389,223
39,184
1
1
1
1
1
5
Ternat
264,650
121,508
386,158
43,725
64,458
1
1
108,185
494,343
15,460
1
1
1
1
1
5
Tervuren
332,010
285,645
617,655
189,438
79,202
1
-- 
268,641
886,296
-- 
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Tienen
590,435
497,119
1,087,554
291,075
148,201
1
1
439,278
1,526,832
58,459
1
1
1
1
1
5
Tremelo
148,141
36,273
184,414
11,409
33,496
1
1
44,907
229,321
9,883
1
1
1
1
1
5
Wezembeek-Oppem
212,023
180,412
392,435
545,508
60,372
1
-- 
605,881
998,316
13,969
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Willebroek
429,121
382,494
811,615
50,475
124,571
1
1
175,048
986,663
34,239
1
1
1
1
1
5
Zaventem
644,507
598,054
1,242,561
340,191
226,219
1
-- 
566,411
1,808,972
-- 
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
Zemst
356,276
182,228
538,504
78,714
77,745
1
-- 
156,460
694,964
25,819
1
1
1
1
-- 
4
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
Total municipalities
17,743,241
11,701,463
29,444,704
6,323,969
4,859,040
44
17
11,183,070
40,627,774
1,066,609
50
51
50
50
16
217
Total public participants
17,743,241
11,701,463
29,444,704
6,323,969
4,859,040
44
17
11,183,070
40,627,774
1,066,609
50
51
50
50
16
217
41,694,383
Participants
Shares with voting rights
Non-voting
Grid management electrictiy and gas
Other activities
Total grid 
management + 
other activities
Profit certificates

--- Page 136 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
136 
9. 
PBE 
 
 
Shares E grid 
management electricty
Shares T tele 
distribution
Total number grid 
management E + 
Other activities T
number of shares E
number of shares T
total
E
T
Total profit 
certificates
BEGIJNENDIJK
110
30
140
3,834
7,121
10,955
BEKKEVOORT
67
19
86
2,547
4,303
6,850
DIEST
286
73
359
12,481
17,631
30,112
GALMAARDEN
95
-- 
95
3,539
-- 
3,539
GEETBETS
66
19
85
2,541
4,328
6,869
GLABBEEK
57
16
73
2,331
3,681
6,012
GOOIK
100
-- 
100
3,850
-- 
3,850
HERNE
74
-- 
74
2,930
-- 
2,930
HOLSBEEK
104
28
132
3,733
6,507
10,240
KAMPENHOUT
126
-- 
126
5,910
-- 
5,910
KORTENAKEN
87
25
112
2,865
5,689
8,554
LANDEN
181
46
227
6,745
11,217
17,962
LINTER
79
23
102
3,100
5,260
8,360
LUBBEEK
147
40
187
6,427
9,536
15,963
OUD-HEVERLEE
116
30
146
5,538
7,140
12,678
PEPINGEN
46
-- 
46
1,794
-- 
1,794
STEENOKKERZEEL
128
-- 
128
5,415
-- 
5,415
TIELT-WINGE
118
33
151
4,707
7,466
12,173
TREMELO
67
18
85
2,387
4,112
6,499
ZOUTLEEUW
93
26
119
3,694
6,009
9,703
Total municipalities
2,147
426
2,573
86,368
100,000
186,368
-- 
Participants
Voting shares
Non-voting
Profit certificates (only for the 
distribution of a dividend)

--- Page 137 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
137 
10. 
Riobra 
 
11. 
Sibelgas43 
 
 
43 In relation to Sibelgas, “Ce” refers to (voting) shares of category C (as referred to in article 9 of Sibelgas’ articles of association) relating to 
electricity distribution and “Cg” refers to (voting) shares of category C relating to gas distribution activities. The distinction between “Ce” and 
“Cg” shares was created in order to remunerate the contribution of infrastructure proportionally, based on the value of the contributed 
infrastructure. 
MUNICIPALITIES 
RA
RB 
RI
Total
BEGIJNENDIJK
1
131,515
32,253
163,769
BEKKEVOORT
1
76,934
13,747
90,682
BERTEM
1
185,836
45,264
231,101
BEVER
1
24,475
6,234
30,710
BOORTMEERBEEK
2
284,689
73,303
357,994
BOUTERSEM
1
235,512
13,179
248,692
GALMAARDEN
1
152,163
23,119
175,283
GEETBETS
1
83,354
10,517
93,872
GLABBEEK
1
74,197
18,626
92,824
GOOIK
1
187,691
45,659
233,351
HERNE
1
139,555
35,515
175,071
HOEGAARDEN
1
118,308
30,688
148,997
HULDENBERG
1
186,529
19,918
206,448
KORTENAKEN
1
117,280
30,582
147,863
LANDEN
2
271,518
71,222
342,742
LENNIK
1
192,142
33,907
226,050
LINTER
1
177,610
46,583
224,194
LUBBEEK
2
197,424
21,446
218,872
MERCHTEM
2
217,629
57,063
274,694
OUD-HEVERLEE
2
130,480
25,444
155,926
PEPINGEN
1
90,799
15,785
106,585
ROTSELAAR
2
373,654
19,726
393,382
SINT PIETERS LEEUW
4
395,731
0
395,735
STEENOKKERZEEL
2
229,206
59,843
289,051
TIELT-WINGE
1
130,604
0
130,605
TIENEN
4
616,839
161,714
778,557
ZOUTLEEUW
1
152,829
23,932
176,762
TOTAL
40
5,174,503
935,269
6,109,812
List Register of Participants - Number of Shares
Ce
Cg
Total Ce+Cg
Grimbergen
1
1
2
Machelen
1
1
2
Meise
1
1
2
Vilvoorde
1
1
2
Wemmel
1
1
2
I.B.E.G.
1,790,033
1,474,319
3,264,352
Total public participants
1,790,038
1,474,324
3,264,362
Participants
Total electricity and gas
Shares with voting rights

--- Page 138 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
138 
3 
Description of the Markets for Fluvius 
3.1 
General 
The below table provides an overview of the importance of the different business lines in which the 
Fluvius Economic Group is active as at 31 December 2022 in terms of turnover of the Guarantors 
(according to BE GAAP). The main activities are “Electricity distribution” and “Gas distribution”. The 
figure presented under ‘Others’ differs from the figure presented in the IFRS report due to eliminations 
between the entities of the Fluvius Economic Group. The activities under the category ‘Others’ are 
mainly “Sewerage” and “Cable TV Infrastructure”. Each of these are touched upon separately in the 
following sections. 
Activity 
Turnover 2022  
(in million EUR) 
% of total turnover 
Electricity distribution 
1,880.31 
72.6% 
Gas distribution 
573.4 
22.1% 
Others 
135.4 
5.3% 
Total 
2,589.1 
100.0% 
 
3.2 
Organisation of the Belgian Electricity Market44  
The major players on the Flemish electricity market are the electricity producers, the electricity TSO and 
the DSOs (and their service company), the wholesale and retail suppliers, energy service providers 
(including ESCOs and storage providers), intermediaries, energy communities, flexibility users and 
providers and aggregators, balance responsible parties, the end consumers and the regulators, as well as 
the Flemish Energy and Climate Agency (VEKA). Their functions are briefly outlined below.  
The picture below sketches the Belgian electricity market (including the market for energy services).  
 
 
44 Data from external sources referred to throughout this section represents the most recent data available from each such source’s website. 
Belgian
Producer
European 
Producer
Wholesale 
Market
Foreign 
electricity TSOs 
electricity TSO 
DSOs
Retail 
 
Customers
Customers

--- Page 139 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
139 
Electricity Generation  
Currently, the electricity production in the Belgian market is dominated by nuclear power plants and gas 
fired power plants. The remaining generation capacity consists of the co-generation plants at the sites of 
large industrial consumers, units for renewable energy (such as small-scale hydropower units, 
photovoltaic electricity generation, offshore and onshore wind turbines and biomass/combined heating 
and power installations).  
The construction of new installations for electricity generation is subject to the prior granting of an 
individual permit by the federal minister for Energy on the advice of the federal energy regulator CREG 
(Commissie voor de Regulering van de Elektriciteit en het Gas/Commission de Régulation de 
l’Electricité et du Gaz) (the “CREG”). 
Over the years, the electricity producers have adapted their portfolio of primary energy sources for 
electricity generation. Since the early eighties of the last century nuclear energy became more important 
(in 1986 already 67.2 per cent. of electricity was generated through nuclear energy), together with gas 
and cogeneration units. This trend continued during the nineties (the average contribution of nuclear 
energy in the nineties amounted to 58 per cent. – gas and combined production units accounted for 17 per 
cent.). Currently, the share of renewable energy sources is increasing, mainly due to the use of wind 
turbines (both onshore and offshore), solar installations and biomass. Recent Eurostat figures show that 
the share of electricity generated from renewable sources in Belgium totalled 22.1 per cent. in 2020.  
The EU’s and the Belgian federal government’s general energy policies aim at increasing the share of 
renewable energy generation and combined heat & power production (“CHP”). In order to stimulate 
these types of electricity production, the federal government had taken legal initiatives enabling the 
construction of offshore wind farms. The regional governments have worked out several measures to 
attain this goal. In the recent past, measures included the imposition of minimum supply levels (through 
quota obligations) for renewable energy and CHP by creating the legal framework for a mechanism of 
so-called “green power certificates” and “CHP-certificates” and the minimum price guarantees for green 
power and CHP certificates introduced to support the market for these instruments. The functioning of 
the green power certificates systems in the Flemish region is further outlined in section 9 – ‘Trends in 
the markets in which the Issuer and the Guarantors are active’; the working of the CHP-certificates 
system is almost identical. 
Technological evolutions result in an increasing number of smaller installations being put in place, 
continually increasing the share of decentralised and CHP production:  
Key Figures for Electricity Production in Belgium  
Electricity generation (installed capacity in Belgium – 2021)45: 27,957 MW, of which 
 
fossil fuel fired: 26.6% 
 
nuclear: 21.3% 
 
pumped hydro: 4.4% 
 
hydro: 0.4% 
 
wind:18% 
 
solar: 25.5% 
 
biomass/biogas: 2.9% 
 
45  For most figures included in this section, the source is either Eurostat, Febeg (https://www.febeg.be/statistieken-elektriciteit) or Synergrid 
(www.synergrid.be). Information contained on these websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 140 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
140 
 
waste: 1.1% 
Electricity generated in Belgium (actual net electricity production – 2021): 96.34 TWh, of which 
 
thermal, incl. biomass: 30.6% 
 
nuclear: 49.7% 
 
pumped hydro: 0.9% 
 
hydro: 0.4% 
 
wind: 12.2% 
 
solar: 5.8% 
 
other: 0.4% 
 
In 2021, Belgium was a net exporter of electricity with a total net export volume of 7.88 TWh. 
Total electricity consumption in Belgium during 2021 amounted to 83.66 TWh. The trend in electricity 
consumption volumes is stabilising, due to more energy efficiency in spite of economic growth and an 
increase of population. Electricity consumption per segment (2020 figures): 
 
industry: 45.2% 
 
services: 25.3% 
 
residential: 23.0% 
 
transport: 2.0% 
 
agriculture: 2.3% 
 
energy transformation: 2.0% 
 
Wholesale Market for Electricity  
Suppliers on the wholesale market (e.g. traders and intermediaries) buy, in Belgium and abroad, energy 
from electricity producers or other wholesale suppliers and/or sell energy to either other wholesale 
suppliers or retail suppliers. Since retail supply is an activity for which a license is required (as opposed 
to trading), traders most often do not directly sell electricity to end customers.  
Transmission System Operation  
Transmission system operation refers to the regulated activity linked to the transport of electricity over 
the medium to high and very high voltage grids with a voltage of 36 kV (local transmission) / 70 kV and 
higher. The major users of these grids are the electricity producers, electricity traders, DSOs and 
industrial consumers with a direct connection to the high voltage electricity transmission network.  
A transmission system operator or electricity TSO operates and manages its grid independently from 
electricity producers and suppliers. Electricity TSOs have to organise an objective, non-discriminatory 
and transparent access to their electricity network. Transmission system operation is a regulated activity 
that is usually granted a legal monopoly within a larger geographical area. In Belgium, electricity 
transmission is performed by one single electricity TSO, Elia Transmission Belgium (see below). To 
fulfil this objective efficiently, electricity TSOs are in charge of the operation, maintenance and 
development of their grid. They also provide the required ancillary services.  
The very high voltage electricity networks are also used for the import and export of electricity between 
interconnected national grids and for purposes of mutual assistance between electricity TSOs according

--- Page 141 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
141 
to international standards set by ENTSO-E46 operation rules (grid codes). Belgium’s very high voltage 
electricity network is connected to France, Luxembourg, the UK and the Netherlands. On 
9 November 2020, a connection to Germany was inaugurated and commercial operations on this line 
were launched on 18 November 2020. A submarine interconnection between Denmark and Belgium is 
planned by 2030, connecting offshore wind parks of both countries. 
Effective from 31 December 2019, Elia Group implemented a new company structure. As a result, it 
now consists of a holding company (Elia Group NV/SA) and an entity for the regulated activities in 
Belgium (Elia Transmission Belgium NV/SA). The latter has also become the electricity TSO for 
Belgium’s very high-voltage electricity grid by Ministerial Decree dated 13 January 2020 under a 
number of conditions, for a 20-year period which started on 31 December 2019. It also became the 
regional (Brussels-Capital) and local (Flanders and Wallonia) transmission system operator for the high 
(30/36-70kV) voltage grids. 
Distribution System Operation  
Distribution refers to the public distribution of electricity over medium and low voltage electricity 
networks, generally below 36 kV, to retail consumers (small and medium-sized enterprises and 
household consumers) using electricity for their own use. An operator of such a network is called a 
distribution system operator or DSO. The Guarantors (with the exception of Riobra, which is not active 
in the distribution of energy) are DSOs. Following a decision by the Flemish energy regulator VREG of 
5 July 201347, the license of the DSOs Gaselwest, Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek and Sibelgas has 
been expanded to the operation of electricity distribution grids up to 36 kV (formerly 30 kV).  
A DSO operates, maintains and develops its network and is required by law to organise access to its 
network in an objective, non-discriminatory and transparent manner. Distribution system operation is a 
regulated activity that is usually granted a legal monopoly within the boundaries of the operating territory 
attributed to each DSO.  
The main customers of the DSOs are wholesale suppliers and retail suppliers48.  
Most appointed DSOs in Belgium are intermunicipal companies (more specifically, mission entrusted 
associations – see above). An intermunicipal company essentially is a partnership of public authorities 
that is charged with certain activities of municipal interest common to its members.  
At the moment there are 16 DSOs in Belgium engaged in the distribution of electricity. In the Flemish 
Region, there are ten electricity DSOs, all of them being a Guarantor. The others have operations in the 
Brussels Capital Region (Sibelga) and the Walloon Region (5 DSOs). 
With a view to ensuring the DSOs’ independence, the participation of producers and suppliers in the 
DSOs’ share capital or contribution (as applicable) is limited by law. In the Flemish Region, importers, 
producers, suppliers and energy service providers may (individually or jointly) not hold more than 30 
per cent of a DSO’s (and its operating company’s) share capital or contributions (as applicable) (see 
above).  
 
46  ENTSO-E refers to the ‘European Network of Transmission System Operators for Electricity’, an association of 42 electricity TSOs from 35 
European countries (situation on 1 January 2020). Website: https://www.entsoe.eu/. Information contained on this website does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
47 BESL-2013-10. 
48  A third type of customers are those retail users that because of payment problems have been dropped by commercial suppliers of electricity. 
Flemish regulation provides that the DSOs have in such instance an obligation to supply these customers with electricity as a supplier of last 
resort (a social public service obligation).

--- Page 142 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
142 
In the Flemish Region, DSOs are appointed by the VREG. 
For reasons of clarity it should be noted that, although the intermunicipal companies/DSOs hold the 
legal monopoly of operating the electricity distribution network with a voltage below 36 kV, Elia 
Transmission Belgium 49  operates the electricity network between 36 kV and 70 kV (the local 
transmission system). Elia Transmission Belgium was granted this legal monopoly for the Flanders 
region by appointment of the VREG (24 December 2019) until 31 December 2023. For historical 
reasons, an exception still exists in relation to Fluvius Limburg, which operates the 36-70 kV grid on 
behalf of Elia Transmission Belgium.  
Retail Supply  
Retail supply of electricity refers to the sale of electricity to end customers. Since 1 July 2003 several 
commercial suppliers, who compete against each other, have been active on the Flemish supply market. 
A license is required to engage in retail supply. In the Flemish Region, such license can be granted by 
the VREG to individuals or companies that operate independently from the electricity TSO and the DSOs 
and that comply with the criteria laid down by law, such as sufficient technical, organisational and 
financial capacity (amongst other things). 
On 31 December 2022, the top-3 of electricity suppliers in Flanders (measured in the number of 
connections served) is as follows50: 
1. 
Engie Electrabel (40.42%) 
2. 
Luminus (24.22%) 
3. 
Eneco Belgium (12.75%) 
Customers  
At this moment, all Belgian customers are eligible to choose their electricity supplier (“right of 
third-party access”).  
Regulators in Belgium  
Due to the Belgian federal structure, there are currently four regulators for the electricity market:  
Federal level. The federal energy regulator, the CREG, is competent, amongst other things, for 
supervising the electricity market, including transmission at a voltage level above 70 kV and for advising 
on the licencing of electricity generation facilities with a capacity higher than 25 MW (other than nuclear 
and offshore production units). Tariff setting for the electricity TSO is also within the scope of the 
CREG’s authority, irrespective of the voltage level of the electricity network.  
Regional level. Regional regulators are competent, amongst other things, for supervising the electricity 
market operations, including distribution and local transmission at a voltage equal to or below 70 kV 
and for renewable sources of energy. The powers relating to the grid distribution tariffs (but not local 
transmission tariffs) in Belgium have been transferred from the federal level to the respective regions as 
agreed pursuant to the Belgian Sixth State Reform as from 1 July 2014. From that date onwards, the 
VREG is vested with the powers to establish the tariff methodology and the approval of the proposals 
of the tariffs submitted by the DSOs.  
 
49  Elia Transmission Belgium has been appointed as local electricity TSO for that purpose. 
50  Source: CREG.

--- Page 143 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
143 
The regional regulators in the Flemish, Walloon and Brussels-Capital Regions are respectively the 
VREG, CWaPE51 and Brugel52.  
3.3 
Organisation of the Belgian Gas Market53 
Import  
Belgium does not possess gas fields on its own territory. Apart from small shares of biogas produced 
and injected into the distribution grid, almost all gas for consumption in Belgium has to be imported 
from abroad in the form of natural gas (including LNG). An optimal sourcing and diversification of gas 
supplying countries is therefore an essential objective in Belgium’s energy policy.  
Currently, natural gas for the Belgian market is being imported from several sources (figures for 202054): 
1. 
The Netherlands (47%): the Dutch gas fields deliver low and high-calorific gas to Belgium via 
pipelines;  
2. 
Norway (32%): Norway is an important gas producer thanks to its oil and gas fields in the North 
Sea. Norwegian gas is delivered at the Zeebrugge hub; 
3. 
LNG (3%): LNG is being imported from countries such as Qatar; 
4. 
Germany (11%); 
5. 
storage (7%): gas is stored at the Loenhout facility in the north of Belgium, close to the Dutch 
border. 
Wholesale  
Players on the wholesale market (e.g. importers, traders, shippers and intermediaries) buy gas abroad or 
on the international spot market. They then sell on these volumes to industrial customers, (other) 
intermediaries, distribution companies and electricity producers. Since gas retail supply, very much like 
electricity retail supply, is an activity for which a license is required, traders most often do not directly 
sell gas to end consumers.  
Transport System Operation  
Transport system operation refers to the regulated activity related to the high-pressure gas networks and 
the energy flows on these networks. The main users of these networks are the electricity producers, 
wholesale gas suppliers, gas traders, the DSOs and large industrial users of gas.  
In Belgium, Fluxys Belgium was appointed by the federal energy regulator CREG as the sole federal 
transport system operator for the gas transmission grid, as well as for the storage capacity on 
27 September 2012. The gas transport system operator is frequently referred to as the “transport 
company”. 
Fluxys LNG is responsible for operating the LNG infrastructure. 
Transport system operators (“gas TSOs”, and together with electricity TSOs, “TSOs”), such as Fluxys 
Belgium, operate their networks independently from electricity producers and gas suppliers and are 
 
51  Commission Wallonne pour l’Energie. 
52  Reguleringscommissie voor Energie in het Brussels Hoofdstedelijk Gewest / Commission de Régulation pour l’Energie en Région de Bruxelles-
Capitale. 
53 Data from external sources referred to throughout this section represents the most recent data available from each such source’s website. 
54  Source: CREG Annual Report 2021, page 69.

--- Page 144 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
144 
bound to organise the access to their gas grid in an objective, non-discriminatory and transparent way. 
Transport operations are regulated activities that are usually granted a legal monopoly within a larger 
geographical area. To fulfil this objective efficiently, gas TSOs are in charge of the operation, 
maintenance and development of their network and also provide the necessary ancillary services such as 
pressure reduction, odorisation, balancing, storage facilities, etc.  
The gas TSO is not only responsible for the off-take and redelivery of gas within Belgium for Belgian 
consumption, it also fulfils a crucial role in the transit of gas to and from neighbouring countries since 
redelivery points will often be connection points with the gas transportation networks of other national 
networks. This is especially true for Belgium, given its good connection to gas and LNG supplies and 
also given its central position and multiple entry points linking the Belgian gas transportation grid to the 
grids in France, the UK, Germany, Southern Europe and the Netherlands.  
It must be noted that the Belgian grid caters for two different types of gas: (1) high calorific gas and (2) 
low calorific gas which is being imported from the Netherlands. The Dutch authorities have, however, 
announced that low calorific gas deliveries to markets outside the Netherlands (including the Belgian 
market) will be gradually phased out starting in 2024 and entirely stopped by the year 2030 at the latest. 
These policy measures thus necessitate large investments for the Belgian gas sector, mostly to be carried 
out by the DSOs, to finance and implement the transformation of the low calorific gas networks in large 
parts of the Flemish Region. The parts of the Flemish gas distribution grids carrying low calorific gas 
and thus affected by the Dutch decision, are mostly situated in the provinces of Antwerp and Flemish-
Brabant55. Thanks in part to planning optimisations and the simultaneous approach of this conversion 
with the roll-out of the digital meter, the targeted completion date for the Issuer’s conversion programme 
was brought forward from 2029 to the end of 2024.  
Distribution System Operation  
Distribution system operation refers to the public distribution of gas on mid-pressure and low-pressure 
networks towards the end consumers (industry, small and mid-scale companies, households). The 
operator of such networks is usually called a distribution system operator or DSO.  
A DSO operates, maintains and develops its own mid- and low-pressure network. As is the case for the 
gas TSO, DSOs are obliged to allow objective, non-discriminatory and transparent access to their 
networks to distribution network users. The operation of a distribution network is a regulated activity 
that is granted a legal monopoly within the boundaries of the operating territory attributed to each DSO.  
As indicated above, all appointed gas DSOs in Belgium are intermunicipal companies (more specifically, 
mission entrusted associations – see above) charged with certain activities of municipal interest.  
Currently, Belgium has 12 gas distribution DSOs, of which nine are situated in the Flemish Region (these 
being the Guarantors with energy distribution activities), one in the Brussels Capital Region and two in 
the Walloon Region. 
With a view to ensuring the independence of the DSOs in the gas sector, the participation of producers 
and suppliers in the DSOs’ share capital or contributions (as applicable) is limited by law. In the Flemish 
Region, importers, producers, suppliers and energy service providers may not hold more than 30 per 
cent of a DSO’s (and its operating company’s) share capital or contributions (as applicable).  
 
55  Other major areas affected in Belgium are the Brussel Capital Region and the province of Walloon-Brabant.

--- Page 145 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
145 
Retail Supply  
The retail supply of gas refers to the sale of gas to end consumers. Since 1 July 2003, the retail supply 
to household consumers in the Flemish Region is being coordinated and managed by several commercial 
suppliers competing in a liberalised market. In all three regions of Belgium (i.e., Flanders, Wallonia and 
Brussels) a license is required to engage in the retail supply of gas. The relevant authority (in the case of 
Flanders this is the VREG) will only grant such a license to individuals or companies that comply with 
certain criteria, e.g. relating to technical, organisational and financial capabilities (amongst other things).  
Currently, all Belgian customers are eligible to choose their own gas supplier (“right of third-party 
access”).  
On 31 December 2022, the top-3 of gas suppliers in Flanders (measured in number of connections 
served) is as follows: 
1. 
Engie Electrabel (39.31%) 
2. 
Luminus (23.90%) 
3. 
Eneco Belgium (14.08%) 
Belgian Regulators  
Very much in line with the competencies of the respective regulators for electricity, the federal regulator 
CREG, together with the three regional regulators (VREG, CWaPE and Brugel), is responsible for 
monitoring and surveying the Belgian gas market, each within the competencies attributed to it by law. 
Similar to the developments in the electricity sector, the Belgian Sixth State Reform has resulted in the 
transfer of the gas distribution grid tariff-setting competence from the federal to the regional level as 
from July 2014. From that date onwards, the VREG is vested with the powers to establish the tariff 
methodology and the approval of the proposals of the tariffs submitted by the Flemish DSOs.  
Basic Figures for the Gas Market56 
Total gas consumption in Belgium amounted to 190.3 TWh in 202157, down less than 1% compared to 
2020. The total number of gas connections in Belgium (2020) was 3,535,117, showing a year-on-year 
growth rate of 1%. 
3.4 
Organisation of the Flemish sewerage market58 
The Flemish sewerage market is based on the principle that the municipalities are responsible for the 
public domain and that they are as such also responsible for the wastewater that is being transported over 
the public domain for treatment.  
The Flemish policy on water and wastewater is built around the concept of the ‘water chain’, being all 
activities related to production, transport and distribution of water for human consumption, as well as 
the collection, transport and treatment of wastewater. 
 
56  Source: Febeg. 
57  Source: CREG. 
58 Data from external sources referred to throughout this section represents the most recent data available from each such source’s website.

--- Page 146 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
146 
Geographical overview and statistics59  
As at January 2020, there are seven drinking water companies in the Flemish Region as shown on the 
map below. Between them they manage approximately 63,655 km of drinking water pipelines at the end 
of 2020. Drinking water consumption by 3 million customers amounted to 296 million m³. 
Drinking water companies in the Flanders Region (situation as at January 2020) 
 
The aggregate sewerage systems in Flanders cover approximately 29,633 km of sewerage pipelines at 
the end of 2020.  
The map below60 presents the 2022 situation of the sewerage operators within the Flemish Region. The 
municipalities indicated in white, are operating their own sewerage system independently. 
 
59  Sources: the websites of AquaFlanders (www.aquaflanders.be) and VMM (www.vmm.be). Information contained on these websites does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
60  Source: VMM website at www.vmm.be. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 147 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
147 
Sewerage operators in the Flanders Region (situation 2022) 
 
Legal framework  
European Directives  
The sector of water/wastewater is to a large extent driven by European legislation. The most 
important documents in this respect are the European Water Framework Directive 61  (the 
“Framework Directive”) and the Directive Urban Wastewater62 (the “Wastewater Directive”). 
These Directives aim at securing the water resources and water quality in Europe. These two 
Directives have the largest impact on Flemish municipalities as to their policy on drinking water 
and wastewater.  
The Framework Directive imposes that all aquatic ecosystems and, with regard to their water 
needs, terrestrial ecosystems and wetlands meet “good status” by the year 2015. In line with the 
possibility to obtain postponement when improvements cannot be realised in a reasonable manner 
within the timeframe provided in the Framework Directive, Belgium has obtained a 
postponement until 2027. The Framework Directive requires Member States to use water 
sparingly and to establish river basin districts and for each of these a river basin management 
plan. It envisages a cyclical process where river basin management plans are prepared, 
implemented and reviewed every six years. There are four distinct elements to the river basin 
planning cycle:  
 
characterisation and assessment of impacts on river basin districts;  
 
environmental monitoring;  
 
the setting of environmental objectives;  
 
and the design and implementation of the programme of measures needed to achieve them.  
 
61  Directive 2000/60/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 October 2000 establishing a framework for Community action in 
the field of water policy (published in the Official Journal of the European Communities of 22 December 2000). 
62  European Council Directive 91/271/EEC of 21 May 1991 concerning urban waste-water treatment (published in the Official Journal of the 
European Communities of 30 May 1991).

--- Page 148 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
148 
As such, the Framework Directive aims to significantly contribute to climate adaptation in the 
European Union63.  
The second important Directive in the area of water and wastewater is the Wastewater Directive. 
Its objective is to protect the environment from the adverse effects of urban wastewater discharges 
and discharges from certain industrial sectors. It concerns the collection, treatment and discharge 
of:  
 
domestic wastewater;  
 
mixture of wastewater; and  
 
wastewater from certain industrial sectors.  
Four main principles are laid down in the Wastewater Directive:  
 
planning;  
 
regulation;  
 
monitoring; and  
 
information & reporting.  
More specifically, the Wastewater Directive requires:  
 
the collection and treatment of wastewater in all agglomerations of > 2,000 population 
equivalents;  
 
secondary treatment of all discharges from agglomerations of > 2,000 population 
equivalents and more advanced treatment for agglomerations > 10,000 population 
equivalents in designated sensitive areas and their catchments;  
 
pre-authorisation of all discharges of urban wastewater, of discharges from the food 
processing industry and of industrial discharges into urban wastewater collection systems;  
 
monitoring of the performance of treatment plants and receiving waters; and  
 
controls of sewerage sludge disposal and re-use, and treated wastewater re-use whenever 
appropriate.  
Implementation in the Flemish Region  
The basic legislation ruling the water policies in general and the sewerage activity64 in the 
Flemish Region in particular is the Coordinated Flemish Decree of 15 June 2018 on the integral 
water policy, as amended65 (the “Water Decree”). Pursuant to the Special Law of 8 August 1980 
on Institutional Reforms, the regions have a wide-ranging competence concerning the 
environment and water policy. This also includes the treatment of wastewater and sewerage, the 
subsidies and regulation of the tariffs.  
 
63  It should be pointed out that the purposes of the Directive, although being older, are fully in line with the United Nations’ Social Development 
Goals (the “SDGs”), especially the SDGs 6 (clean water and sanitation), 13 (climate action), 14 (life below water) and 16 (life on land). 
64  By definition, open waterways (such as ditches and brooks) are not considered to be part of the Flemish sewerage system. A sewer is defined 
as a closed tubing system. 
65 The Water Decree is the codification of, among others, the former Decree of 24 May 2002 on water used for human consumption (which was 
amended several times). This codification was ratified by Decree of 30 November 2018.

--- Page 149 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
149 
For the Flemish Region, the Wastewater Directive is mainly implemented through an Executive 
Order of the Flemish Government, dated 1 June 1995 (published on 31 July 1995), concerning 
general and sectoral provisions relating to environmental safety (also called “Vlarem II”). The 
Framework Directive was implemented by the Decree on Integrated Water Policy of 18 July 2003 
(published on 14 November 2003, and now replaced by the Water Decree).  
In October 2010, the Flemish Government fixed the river basin management plans for the river 
Scheldt and the river Meuse basins and the accompanying measures programme for Flanders. 
This programme sets out how the objectives of the Framework Directive and the Decree on 
Integrated Water Policy (now replaced by the Water Decree) can be realised. It also contains 
measures to improve the surface water quality, to reduce flooding and to purify contaminated 
sediments. Further implementation was given by an Executive Order of the Flemish Government 
of 8 April 2011 (published on 10 June 2011) which concerned the rights and obligations of the 
operators of a public water distribution network and their customers regarding the supply of water 
designed for human consumption, the execution of the obligation of remediation and the general 
water sales regulation.  
As to the possibility of receiving a subsidy for the construction of public sewers, there is the 
Executive Order of the Flemish Government of 5 May 2017 (published on 6 June 2017) 
concerning the subsidisation of works mentioned in Article 2.6.1.3.1, §1 of the Decree of 
18 July 2003 concerning the Integral Water Policy, coordinated on 15 June 2018 in the Water 
Decree. 
Finally, the zoning Executive Order of 10 March 2006 of the Flemish Government (published on 
9 June 2006) had as its objective the determination of a zoning plan for each municipality. In 
September 2006, the Flemish Environment Agency (Vlaamse Milieumaatschappij, “VMM”) 
started with the transmission of a draft zoning plan to all Flemish municipalities. These plans 
went through an approval procedure in which both the municipalities, the basin authorities and 
the citizens could express their views. This resulted in a final zoning plan for each municipality 
which consists of four different zones:  
 
the central area with pre-existing connection to a water treatment plan (orange shaded);  
 
the optimised outlying area with recent connection to a water treatment plant (green 
shaded);  
 
the outlying area which is still to optimise collectively, this is the area where the 
connection will be realised (dark green shaded); and  
 
the outlying area which is still to optimise individually, where the wastewater will have to 
be purified individually by means of an IBA (individual sewerage treatment) (red shaded).  
In order to put the zoning plan into practice, the Flemish Environment Agency in cooperation 
with the municipality will set up an area-covering implementation plan. Such an implementation 
plan contains the projects to be carried out, the order of execution (priority), the final completion 
date, the acquisition points and the exceptions to the principles of optimal disconnection. In 
addition, the implementation plan is a binding plan. The format of an implementation plan will 
therefore include the following steps:  
 
the layout of a project basket: demonstrating the reusability of the existing sewer system, 
the definition of projects and the determination of the acquisition points;  
 
the application of the methodology for prioritising projects;

--- Page 150 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
150 
 
the determination of areas where an optimal separated system should be constructed; and  
 
the adoption of the implementation plan through the Flemish Government.  
The preparation of the project basket is based on the final zoning plan, the sewerage database of 
the Issuer and the information which the municipality passes to the Flemish Environment Agency. 
The projects for the dark green clusters on the zoning plan (outlying area which is still to optimise 
collectively) should be included in the project basket of the implementation plan. Now, the draft 
implementation plans specify which projects should be executed with priority. It is clear, though, 
that a vast part of the project basket has to be implemented before 2027 at the latest.  
Wastewater treatment infrastructure and regulation – Introduction  
The European Union imposed on its Member States to substantially improve the quality of 
groundwater and surface water by 2015. This requires a developed system of wastewater 
collection, transport and treatment. In Flanders, the wastewater infrastructure is structured at two 
levels: the supra-municipal and the municipal level. The municipal or non-priority sewers collect 
the wastewater from the houses, whereas the collectors and priority sewers of the Flemish Region 
collect wastewater at the points of discharge of municipal sewers and transport it to wastewater 
treatment plants, where it is treated in accordance with European and Flemish standards.  
The competent regulator – the Flemish Environment Agency – is the regulator of the wastewater 
sector in the Flemish region. It is responsible for preparing, checking and monitoring the planning 
of the wastewater infrastructure in Flanders (VMM as ecological regulator) and the regulation of 
the tariffs (VMM as economic regulator). By Act of 6 January 2014, the competence with regard 
to price monitoring of the drinking water component of the integral water bill has also been 
transferred to VMM from 1 July 2014 onwards.  
Wastewater infrastructure at the supra-municipal level  
Aquafin NV was established by the Flemish Region in 1990, for the purpose of expanding, 
operating and prefinancing the supra-municipal wastewater collection, transport and treatment 
infrastructure in Flanders. The Flemish Region (through its holding company Vlaamse 
Milieuholding – VMH) is the sole shareholder in Aquafin.  
As at 30 June 2021, Aquafin operated 323 installations for wastewater treatment, 6,808 km of 
ducts and 1,947 supra-municipal pumping stations and storage settlement tanks66.  
Wastewater infrastructure at the municipal level  
Pursuant to the Drinking Water Decree of 24 May 2002 (published on 23 July 2002, and now 
replaced by the Water Decree), the treatment of wastewater at municipal level is a joint 
responsibility of the municipalities on the one hand, and the drinking water companies on the 
other hand. The drinking water companies are responsible for the treatment of the water they 
deliver to their customers. On the other hand, the municipalities can also be considered to have a 
specific responsibility of their own for the treatment of (all) wastewater on their proper territory. 
The drinking water companies can fulfil their obligation by concluding a service agreement with 
the owner/operator of the sewers at municipal level, which can be the municipality itself, a 
municipal or intermunicipal company or an entity which the municipality has appointed after a 
 
66  Source: www.aquafin.be. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 151 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
151 
public tendering procedure. The municipalities also have a number of ways in which they can 
fulfil their responsibilities, either by: 
 
taking care of the sewerage network themselves;  
 
entering into a partnership with the drinking water companies; or  
 
delegating the development and maintenance of the sewerage network to an 
intermunicipal company or (after a public tendering procedure) to a third party.  
These situations are in principle regulated by a contract between the parties concerned or by the 
accession through the articles of association of the intermunicipal company.  
The current situation (as at the end of 2022) in the Flemish sewerage sector is the following. 
Sewerage activities are being operated by: 
1. 
intermunicipal utility companies that are not drinking water companies: 
(a) 
Fluvius West 
(b) 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
(c) 
Fluvius Limburg 
(d) 
Riobra 
all of these being Guarantors belonging to the Fluvius Economic Group, with the Issuer 
as their operating company 
2. 
intermunicipal companies that also have drinking water activities: 
(a) 
Water-link, in collaboration with Aquafin 
(b) 
IWVA, operating under the commercial name Aquaduin 
(c) 
TMVW, operating under the commercial name Farys 
(d) 
Pidpa 
(e) 
De Watergroep, in collaboration with Aquafin 
3. 
third parties appointed after a market consultation 
(a) 
Aquafin 
4. 
municipality 
(a) 
the autonomous municipal company of Knokke-Heist 
(b) 
other municipalities 
Contribution and compensation  
Pursuant to the Drinking Water Decree (now replaced by the Water Decree), the operators of a 
public water distribution network (i.e., the drinking water companies) can charge to their 
customers a “contribution” (“bijdrage”) in order to cover the cost of the water treatment 
obligation imposed on the drinking water companies. This contribution is calculated on the basis 
of the volume of water (measured in m³) supplied by the drinking water company to the customer. 
The operator of a public water distribution network can also charge a “compensation” 
(“vergoeding”) to the users of a private water extraction. This compensation is intended to

--- Page 152 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
152 
contribute to the cost of the treatment of the wastewater coming from the private water extraction, 
as even if a customer gets its (drinking) water from a private water extraction, his wastewater will 
still be discharged via the same sewerage system.  
Both the municipal contribution and the municipal compensation are charged by the drinking 
water company to the end-users of the (municipal) sewerage systems. With the amount of 
contributions and fees they receive, the drinking water companies subsequently pay the 
municipalities or the intermunicipal companies for the sewerage services that are provided to 
them. The calculation of the contribution and compensation to be paid by the users cannot be 
freely determined by the public water companies. The operator of a public water distribution 
system (i.e., the drinking water company) will set the rate of the contribution or compensation in 
terms of the costs it must bear in order to fulfil its remediation obligations (i.e., the amounts due 
to the sewerage operator). However, there is no guarantee that the full cost can always be charged 
to the end-user/consumer, since there are two limitations to the amount of the contribution or 
compensation.  
Firstly, the regulator (being the Flemish Environment Agency) could limit the level of the 
contribution/compensation on the basis of economic, ecological or social reasons. Secondly, the 
Water Decree contains an absolute cap for the contribution/compensation. These tariffs are 
capped at a maximum of 1.4 times the supra-municipal uniform tariff for non-residential and 
large-scale consumers with a non-individualised tariff. There is a base tariff for a maximum 
volume of 30 m³ per household + 30 m³ per inhabitant and a comfort tariff for volumes exceeding 
the base volumes. The 2023 maximum tariffs (in EUR/m³) are67: 
 
municipal contribution for collecting and transporting wastewater: (1) base: 1.6407; (2) 
comfort: 3.2814 
 
individual treatment of wastewater: (1) base: 2.8126; (2) comfort: 5.6252 
 
contribution for wastewater treatment: (1) base: 1.1719; (2) comfort: 2.3438 
Residents that cannot be connected to the sewerage system, are responsible for the construction 
and operation of their own individual wastewater treatment system. In return, they can be 
exempted from the municipal and supra-municipal contribution or compensation. However, it is 
also possible for the sewerage system operators to collectivise the individual remediation 
obligation. As a result, the resident will have to pay an individual remediation contribution or 
compensation, just as the residents connected to the collective sewerage system have to pay a 
collective remediation contribution or compensation. The sewerage system operators within the 
Fluvius Economic Group have all decided to collectivise the individual remediation obligation. 
The costs are recovered through the drinking water companies. To this end, addenda to the 
agreements have been concluded between the system operators for sewerage and the drinking 
water companies. This implies that these operators, if they are the ones who placed the 
individuation remediation infrastructure, collect both the supra-municipal (at factor 1) and the 
municipal (at the abovementioned factor 1.4) contributions or compensations (i.e., a factor 2.4, 
covering sewerage and remediation). For the residents concerned, this does not make a difference, 
however, as these will not have to pay any intermunicipal contribution or compensation on top 
of the amount (at factor 2.4) owed to Fluvius for both services. 
 
67  Source: VMM website at www.vmm.be. Information on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 153 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
153 
Future developments  
The Flemish wastewater sector is faced with the need for substantial investments in both the 
expanding and upgrading the sewerage system in order to meet the European clean water 
objectives by 2027. The map below68 gives an indication of the current degree of connectivity to 
the sewerage system for wastewater (situation in April 2022): 
 
For the relevant Guarantors, the average sewerage degree (situation as at end December 2021) is 
as follows: 
 
Fluvius Antwerpen: 82.55%  
 
Fluvius Limburg: 91.81% 
 
Fluvius West: 79.64% 
 
Riobra: 77.05% 
aggregate for the four Guarantors: 85.66%. 
Separated sewers for rainwater and wastewater 
Pursuant to the Decree on Integrated Water Policy (now replaced by the Water Decree), the 
Flemish Region has undertaken to organise the management of the rainwater and surface water 
in such a way that the rainwater is separated from the wastewater (‘separated sewers’). All new 
extensions of the sewerage system consist of separated sewers. The implementation plans 
(implementing the zoning plan) will define the areas where the existing sewers should be replaced 
by separated sewers. Furthermore, the obligation to separate rainwater and wastewater is also 
applicable at the level of individual houses. For new buildings, the obligation to separate 
rainwater and wastewater is a requirement in the framework of obtaining building permits. For 
existing buildings, the Issuer and the relevant Guarantors should inform the house owners about 
 
68 Source: VMM website. 
Sewerage degree per municipality (situation as at April 2022)

--- Page 154 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
154 
their obligations, concerning rainwater and wastewater. In order to do so, detailed plans of every 
house are drafted by the Issuer and delivered to the owners of the houses. The Executive Order 
of the Flemish Government of 5 July 2013 (published on 8 October 2013) establishing a regional 
planning regulation concerning rain drains, infiltration, buffering systems and separate discharge 
of wastewater and rainwater tightened the already existing obligations at the Flemish level. It 
entered into force on 1 January 2014. In summary, it has the following core elements:  
 
any new construction of surfacing (“verharding”) larger than 40 m² will have to comply 
with this Resolution;  
 
general compulsory installation of an infiltration facility (with the exception for parcels 
with a surface of less than 250 m²); 
 
new buildings and homes larger than 100 m² must have a rainwater tank with a capacity 
of at least 5,000 litres;  
 
for new subdivisions, collective infiltration facilities will be required.  
Financing model  
VMM provided the Flemish municipalities updated financing standards in order to gain a clear 
insight into the financial challenges they are facing with regard to sewerage. The model used is 
based on the available revenues and the required investments for the zoning plans and execution 
plans for the whole of Flanders. Several scenarios have been elaborated. In this way, VMM has 
indicated that the Issuer’s sewerage municipalities, in order to reach the reduction objectives and 
the level of ambition set by VMM, will have to invest as follows:  
Fluvius 
(aggregate in EUR) 
2021-2027 
2021-2027 
(average amount per year) 
Replacement investments 
129,058,588 
18,436,941 
Expansion investments 
1,053,384,603 
150,483,515 
TOTAL 
1,182,443,191 
168,920,456 
 
Thousand EUR 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
TOTAL 
Average/yr 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
3,051 
3,441 
3,446 
3,430 
3,428 
16,796 
3,359 
Fluvius Limburg 
63,163 
71,108 
71,229 
70,929 
70,920 
347,349 
69,470 
Fluvius West 
25,177 
28,403 
28,438 
28,331 
28,322 
138,671 
27,734 
Riobra 
31,111 
35,151 
35,103 
34,836 
34,728 
170,930 
34,186 
TOTAL 
122,502 
138,103 
138,217 
137,525 
137,397 
673,746 
134,749 
 
The current investment standards provide that no expansion investments are to be carried out 
without subsidies by the Flemish Government (maximum 75%) or, in the absence thereof, by the 
relevant municipalities. However, the Issuer’s current investment standards, the current subsidy 
policy and rationalisation grants are clearly insufficient to maintain the rate presumed by VMM. 
In addition, the need for replacement investments for the maintenance of the existing sewerage 
network should also be taken into account. From the preceding numbers – which are similar for 
the whole of Flanders – it is clear that the sewerage sector in Flanders (including the Issuer and 
the relevant Guarantors) experiences structural financing problems, which may also impact the

--- Page 155 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
155 
financing of the Fluvius Economic Group as a whole. Therefore, the Issuer is currently working 
on a detailed financial plan containing various scenarios in order to remedy this structural 
problem, such as e.g. a reduction of investment needs (alternative sewerage, maintaining mixed 
sewerage systems and spreading out over time), or the creation of additional income 
(maximisation of rationalisation grants, alternative income, evolution of subsidies etc.). The 
ultimate solution will of course depend on the policy decisions taken in this regard by the Flemish 
Government and the participating municipalities. From 1 January 2016 onwards, the tariff 
structure is based on a fixed tariff plus a variable base tariff plus a variable comfort tariff 
applicable to higher consumption volumes. The Flemish Government expressed the intention that 
there will be more certainty about the flow of revenues so that the financing of the public water 
supply will be less vulnerable to possible decreases in water consumption in the future. 
Furthermore, the Flemish Government clearly stated that it will support the cities, municipalities 
and sewerage system operators in the construction, the repair or maintenance of the sewerage 
systems. Pending a more structural solution, the Issuer maximally opts for an efficient spending 
of scarce funds. At the same time, the financial plan is used to guard over the means to finance 
the intended short-term investments, whereby absolute priority is given to urgent replacement 
investments and subsidised projects.  
Subsidies  
Sewerage infrastructure owners have the possibility to apply for regional sewerage subsidies. Typically, 
since 2017, new sewerage projects can obtain a 75% regional subsidy. In many cases road works will 
also have to be carried out, but these latter costs are not covered by the subsidy mechanism and are 
generally borne by the municipalities. 
Sewerage network of the Fluvius Economic Group  
The Issuer is the largest individual player in the field of sewerage system management in Flanders with 
approx. 29% of the Flemish municipalities covered. It is operational in 8669 municipalities. Fluvius West, 
Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg and Riobra are its four system operators for sewerage. 
Fluvius West  
Fluvius West has taken over the responsibilities and obligations of the municipalities which 
have joined Fluvius West with respect to their sewerage activities. The municipalities 
participating in Fluvius West for the sewerage activity have contributed the following rights 
and assets in exchange for shares in the intermunicipality:  
 
full ownership (infrastructure, etc.) and the necessary rights required for the 
management of wastewater and rain water;  
 
the rights of the municipalities with regard to private property; and  
 
the rights of the municipalities to control the management of wastewater and rain water 
on their territories.  
Fluvius Limburg 
Fluvius Limburg has taken over the responsibilities and obligations of the municipalities which 
have joined Fluvius Limburg with respect to their sewerage activities.  
 
69 Pittem joined Fluvius West on 1 January 2020 and Lennik joined Riobra on 1 January 2021.

--- Page 156 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
156 
The municipalities participating in Fluvius Limburg for the sewerage activity have contributed 
the following rights and assets in exchange for shares in the intermunicipality:  
 
full ownership (infrastructure, etc.) and the necessary rights required for the 
management of wastewater and rain water;  
 
the rights of the municipalities with regard to private property; and  
 
the rights of the municipalities to control the management of wastewater and rain water 
on their territories.  
Fluvius Antwerpen 
Fluvius Antwerpen has taken over the responsibilities and obligations of the municipalities 
which had joined Iveg with respect to their sewerage activities. The municipalities have the 
choice whether or not to contribute full ownership of infrastructure etc. to Fluvius Antwerpen. 
It must in any event contribute the usage rights. Consequently, the participating municipalities 
for the sewerage activity contribute the following rights and assets in exchange for shares in 
the intermunicipality:  
 
the necessary rights required for the management of wastewater and rain water;  
 
the rights of the municipalities with regard to private property; and  
 
the rights of the municipalities to control the management of wastewater and rain water 
on their territories.  
Riobra  
Riobra has taken over the responsibilities and obligations of the municipalities which have 
joined Riobra with respect to their sewerage activities. The municipalities have contributed the 
full ownership of all assets appropriate for the activity of Riobra in exchange for shares in 
Riobra. The sewerage activities of each municipality are transferred to Riobra by means of a 
complete transfer of competence. Furthermore, the municipalities freely contributed into 
Riobra  
 
the exclusive rights on all pipes, sewers, buildings, installations and equipment required 
for the management of wastewater and rain water; 
 
the rights which the municipality disposes of concerning private property; and  
 
the rights which the municipality disposes of in order to ensure the activity of sewerage.  
3.5 
Organisation of the Flemish cable television (CATV) market 
The cable network activities of the Issuer and the relevant Guarantors are limited to the grid-related 
activities (grid extension, connections to the grid, grid maintenance etc.). The commercial and 
content - related CATV activities, however, have been transferred to Telenet NV following the 2008 
Telenet Agreement as set out below. The relevant grid is owned by those Guarantors with CATV-
activities (being Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West and PBE). 
The current commercial market for CATV services in Flanders is split up between a number of service 
providers, the most prominent ones being Proximus and Telenet. These (and other) providers offer 
television, internet and telephony services to the customers.

--- Page 157 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
157 
3.6 
Other activities of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
3.6.1 
Public lighting  
The responsibilities for public lighting in Flanders are split between the Region (for roads and 
the public domain belonging to the federal authorities) and the municipalities (for roads and the 
public domain owned by the municipalities). The Issuer and the Guarantors are only involved in 
public lighting at the municipal level. Public lighting operations are a historic public service 
obligation for the DSOs (article 4.1.22 of the Energy Decree). 
The majority of the Flemish municipalities (272 out of a total of 30070) have decided to contribute 
their public lighting infrastructure (mainly the poles, fittings and lamps used for public lighting 
purposes) into their electricity DSO in exchange for an amount in cash and shares of the DSO. 
By concentrating their assets for public lighting within the DSO, the roll-out of the investment 
programme to switch the entire municipal public lighting in Flanders, i.e., approximately 1.2 
million lighting points, to energy-efficient LED technology is facilitated71 and can be executed 
in the most efficient way from an operational and financial point of view. It should be noted that, 
by decision of the Flemish Government, the public service obligation of operating the municipal 
public lighting was eliminated as from 1 January 2022 onwards. To take this into account, the 
allowed income for electricity in the year 2022 is expected to be reduced by EUR 5.9 million. 
For the period 2022-2027, an aggregated budget of EUR 371.1 million is provided by the Fluvius 
Economic Group for public lighting investments. 
3.6.2 
Financial participations 
Certain Guarantors hold substantial financial participations in certain holdings (directly or 
indirectly) controlling the Belgian TSOs Elia Transmission Belgium SA/NV (electricity) and 
Fluxys Belgium (gas).  
Publi-T 
Publi-T is the controlling shareholder of Elia Group NV/SA (“Elia Group”). Elia Group is the 
sole shareholder of Elia Transmission Belgium NV/SA, which has been licensed as Belgium’s 
electricity TSO.  
Publi-T is organised as a cooperative company under Belgian law. It owns 44.82% of Elia Group’s 
shares with the other shares divided over Publipart (3.32%) and free float (51.86%). 
The following Guarantors directly hold shares in Publi-T (figures as at 31 December 2022): 
 
Fluvius Antwerpen: 5.27% 
 
Fluvius Limburg: 9.34% 
 
Fluvius West: 2.81% 
 
Gaselwest: 8.05% 
 
70 In 2022, five more municipalities decided to join up the activity public lighting and to contribute their public lighting infrastructure into their 
electricity DSO: Antwerp, Kapellen (part ex-IMEA) and Wommelgem in Fluvius Antwerpen, Knokke-Heist in Imewo and Herentals in 
IVEKA.  
71 In the context of rising energy prices, the municipalities started looking for ways to reduce the cost of their energy consumption. Public lighting 
also came into the picture. Partly for this reason, the Issuer decided to accelerate the roll-out of LED installations for public lighting. The end 
date for the entire conversion programme was brought forward from 2030 to the end of 2028.

--- Page 158 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
158 
 
Imewo: 9.01% 
 
Intergem: 4.29% 
 
Iveka: 0.07% 
 
Iverlek: 7.27% 
 
PBE: 1.93% 
aggregate for the above Guarantors: 48.03%. 
The Guarantors’ total book value of their Publi-T participations is EUR 328.74 million (according 
to Belgian GAAP) as at 31 December 2022 (compared to the same amount as at 31 December 
2021). In 2022, they received a total dividend of EUR 22.5 million.  
Publigas 
Publigas is the controlling shareholder of Fluxys. Publigas is organised as a cooperative company 
under Belgian law. It owns 77.49% of the Fluxys shares with the other shares divided over the 
Canadian pension fund CDPQ72 (19.87%), the federal investment entity FPIM73 (2.13%) and the 
Fluxys employees (0.51%). 
The following Guarantors directly hold shares in Publigas (figures as at 31 December 2022): 
 
Fluvius Antwerpen: 6.59% 
 
Gaselwest: 6.84% 
 
Imewo: 7.13% 
 
Intergem: 3.06% 
 
Iverlek: 6.74% 
aggregate for the above Guarantors: 30.36%. 
The Guarantors’ total book value of their Publigas participations is EUR 74.49 million (according 
to Belgian GAAP) as at 31 December 2022 (which was the same (according to Belgian GAAP) 
as at 31 December 2021). In 2022, the relevant Guarantors received a total Publigas dividend of 
EUR 31.61 million.  
3.6.3 
District heating  
Networks for district heating are gaining more and more traction over the last few years. Such 
grids distribute heat generated in a heating source to consumers. These grids can deliver heat to 
residential customers, office buildings, industrial customers or a mix. District heating offers 
enhanced energy-efficiency, since the technology often uses residual heat, which would otherwise 
be lost, for heating purposes or for industrial processes. 
In the Flemish Region, the Energy Decree74 defines district heating networks. At the date of this 
Base Prospectus, district heating falls outside the scope of regulation by the energy regulator 
 
72  CDPQ = Caisse de Dépôt et Placement du Québec. 
73  FPIM = Federale Participatie- en Investeringsmaatschappij (in French: Société Fédérale de Participations et d’Investissement). 
74  The Decree also defines cooling networks.

--- Page 159 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
159 
VREG (or any other regulating body). Nevertheless, the VREG is charged by the Flemish 
legislator with (1) the duty to inform the market on district heating, (2) an advisory role in this 
respect and (3) a supervisory role on the service quality delivered by heat suppliers. The VREG 
is also competent for establishing a Technical Regulation for district heating. And, finally, the 
VREG can act as an arbitrator in market disputes in which heating network operators are 
involved. 
In 2022, Fluvius System Operator was involved in the following district heating projects as grid 
operator and/or heat supplier75: 
Location 
Project 
Number of 
residential heat 
consumers 
Number of non-
residential heat 
consumers 
Antwerpen 
Blue Gate 
0 
3 
Antwerpen 
Nieuw Zuid 
1,180 
65 
Dessel 
De Ark 
22 
0 
Diksmuide 
Hof ter Bloemmolens 
130 
0 
Gistel 
Brouwerijdomein 
92 
0 
Hoogstraten 
De Kluis 
0 
2 
Kuurne-Harelbeke 
Kuurne-Harelbeke 
304 
9 
Mol 
Guido Gezellestraat 
64 
0 
Mol 
Rodekruislaan 
0 
2 
Roeselare 
Roobaertpark 
3 
0 
Roeselare 
Sint-Idesbald 
0 
7 
Turnhout 
Niefhout 
100 
1 
Veurne 
Suikerpark (phase 1) 
37 
0 
TOTAL 
 
1,932 
89 
 
At the end of 2022, the first pipes went into the ground for the large-scale ‘Heat Network Antwerp 
North’ project. These works will last until the end of 2023. The heat for this project is industrial 
residual heat from Indaver (thermal processing of industrial waste). The heat will be used by 
Boortmalt for the production of malt; in a later phase, 3,200 social housing units in the Luchtbal 
and Rozemaai districts could be heated by this heat project. The project will save 80,000 tonnes 
of CO2 per year. The project is in line with the City of Antwerp’s urban climate policy and will 
be the first ‘open access’ heat network in Belgium. 
Although the number of district heating grids in Flanders (76 as reported by the VREG) is still 
relatively limited, this segment is developing rapidly. For the period 2022-2027, an aggregated 
budget of EUR 75.0 million is provided by the Fluvius Economic Group for the development of 
district heating grid projects.  
4 
Regulatory and contractual framework applicable to the Guarantors 
4.1 
Regulatory framework for the Flemish energy DSOs (electricity and gas) 
4.1.1 
Natural monopoly and regulation  
A DSO’s activity of energy distribution within its operating area is considered to be a “natural 
monopoly” activity. This concept implies that, on a specific market segment, one single company 
 
75  Source: VREG District Heating Grid Report, dated 5 October 2021, https://www.vreg.be/sites/default/files/document/rapp-2021-20.pdf. 
Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 160 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
160 
can produce a desired output at a lower social cost than two or more companies placed in 
competition are able to, because of both high fixed costs and economies of scale. On the other 
hand, a monopolist could in theory show undesired behaviour, such as excessive pricing for its 
end consumers, or inefficiency in its operations and an underdeveloped productivity.  
This monopoly market position for the DSOs is also acknowledged in the Flemish Region where 
the operation of a distribution network is a regulated activity that is granted a legal monopoly 
within the boundaries of the operating territory attributed to each DSO.  
For their distribution services, DSOs charge a distribution grid fee (consisting of so-called 
“distribution tariffs”) to the energy suppliers. The suppliers include this grid fee into the end 
consumers’ energy bill. The energy consumption bill that goes out to the end consumers thus 
includes not only the cost of energy that was used (and a profit margin), but also the fees that 
were invoiced by the TSO and the DSO for respectively the transport and distribution of 
electricity and gas. Nonetheless, under the Flemish regulatory framework, the DSO directly 
invoices one-off costs for their connection to the distribution grid to the end consumers. Under 
this regulatory framework, established by the Flemish legislator, the Flemish regulator VREG 
sets or approves the level of tariffs, including the profits, that DSOs in the Flemish Region are 
allowed to make and the VREG permanently verifies the professional and managerial reliability 
of the DSOs and their operating company. The distribution grid fee is regulated, which means 
that the distribution tariffs have to be submitted for prior approval (i.e. before the grid fee is 
actually charged) to the VREG.  
The tariffs of this distribution grid fee are fixed following a proposal for each individual DSO 
and for each of electricity and gas distribution separately. In practice, this means that there are 
differences between the tariffs charged by each DSO, dependent on the level of its operational 
costs and taking into account an incentive structure.  
The regulatory framework consists of multi-annual tariffs, set on the basis of a tariff methodology 
that is fixed for a certain tariff period. During a specific tariff period, tariffs can in principle only 
change in clearly defined circumstances and according to a pre-established formula. Currently, a 
tariff period lasts 4 years. 
The tariff methodology set by the VREG applies to the DSOs for gas and electricity that operate 
within the Flemish Region.  
The VREG’s tariff methodology is based on an “allowed income” model in which a cap 
determines the maximum revenue a DSO can collect from the grid users, with the exclusion of 
so-called “exogenous” costs that are beyond the DSO’s control. In addition, the tariff 
methodology caters for an adequate compensation of a DSO’s volume risk (i.e. the risk that the 
actual income derived from the grid fees deviates from the expected income due to a difference 
between actual and expected off-take and injection volumes from the grid users). The latter 
volume risk compensation is foreseen both on the level of exogenous and endogenous costs.  
The allowed income formula allows for the allowed incomes to be updated annually based on the 
consumer price index as published by the Federal Public Service for the Economy (in Dutch: 
“Federale Overheidsdienst Economie”) based on the forecasts by the Federal Planning Agency 
(in Dutch: “Federaal Planbureau”). The VREG defends the allowed income model on the 
grounds that it incentivises cost efficiencies generated by the DSOs and that it best remedies the

--- Page 161 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
161 
VREG’s information handicap76. From an investor’s point of view, the most important criterion 
of the tariff methodology is the amount and the stability of the allowed income.  
The tariff methodology establishes the distribution grid fee which is the main source of revenue 
for the DSOs. The purpose is to sufficiently remunerate the DSOs, which should enable them to 
carry out the duties imposed on them, to build and maintain future-proof grids and to realise a 
fair remuneration for their shareholders as a return on the capital they invested. The VREG also 
pointed out that it wishes to take into account the regulatory risk and the potential impact thereof 
on financiers. Therefore, the tariff methodology should be transparent and – to the extent possible 
– stable and predictable. Any arbitrary and discriminatory action by the VREG with an impact on 
distribution tariffs must be ruled out. A situation in which there is an exaggerated focus on 
temporary effects violating the tariff methodology’s stability, effectivity and credibility should at 
all times be avoided. 
Tariffs are public, they are applied for the whole of the territory of each DSO and they are not 
subject to negotiation between the DSOs and their customers. The currently applicable tariffs can 
be consulted on the VREG’s website77 and on the Issuer’s website78. 
The grid tariff structure is based on the cascade principle: end users pay for the cost of the grid 
level to which they are connected and the costs of all higher grid levels proportionally to their 
use of these grid levels. In the electricity market this cascade principle is fully implemented as 
the DSOs pay the TSO for the use of the transmission grid. The transmission tariffs of Elia 
Transmission Belgium, the Belgian electricity TSO, are hence included in the electricity 
distribution tariffs of the DSOs, which the latter charge to their customers, the suppliers/access 
holders (who eventually charge them on to their customers, the end consumers/grid users). This 
is conversely not the case on the gas market where the gas TSO Fluxys Belgium invoices the 
suppliers/access holders directly without the DSOs being involved.  
As mentioned above, distribution grid tariffs are regulated, which means that the distribution grid 
fees are (i) based on a tariff methodology established by the VREG in principle for the entire 
regulatory tariff period (currently 4 years) and (ii) have to be submitted (based on a proposal for 
each individual DSO and both for gas and electricity separately) for prior approval (i.e. before 
being actually charged) by the VREG. The VREG will exercise control on the proposed 
distribution grid fees. This takes the form of a check in advance (“ex ante”) when the DSOs’ tariff 
proposals are submitted for approval. At that moment, the VREG can reject elements of the 
budgeted costs and will establish the allowed income for a DSO (i.e., the part of the income that 
can be recovered through the grid tariffs). Afterwards (“ex post”), i.e., after the year for which an 
allowed income had been established, the DSO merely has a reporting obligation and is obliged 
to submit a detailed report to the VREG regarding the actual costs incurred (both for the so-called 
exogenous and endogenous costs) during the preceding year. The regulatory framework consists 
of multi-annual tariffs applying for the whole tariff period. The regulatory framework aims at 
sufficiently remunerating the DSOs, enabling them to carry out the duties imposed on them and 
realising a fair remuneration as a return on the share capital or contributions (as applicable) of 
their shareholders.  
 
76  The theoretical concept of ‘information handicap’ refers to the universal and structural handicap a regulator faces in relation to the entities it 
regulates: a regulator as an outsider can never obtain the same level of information about a regulated entity’s activities as this regulated entity 
itself. 
77  See: https://www.vreg.be/nl/distributienettarieven. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
78  See: https://www.fluvius.be/nl/thema/aansluitingen-elektriciteit-1/contracten-reglementen-en-tarieven-elektriciteit.

--- Page 162 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
162 
Only the Guarantors (and not the Issuer) obtain their income directly from these grid fees. Where 
certain costs are not taken into account in the regulated tariffs, the corresponding economic cost 
is to be (ultimately) borne by the shareholders of the Guarantors (through a decrease in profit). 
As mentioned above, the operating company works on the basis of a pure pass-through 
mechanism for all its costs to the Guarantors, based on an allocation key.  
4.1.2 
Legislative principles underlying the tarification framework 
 Following to the Sixth State Reform of Belgium, the tariff-setting competences for distribution 
grid tariffs have been transferred to the regions from 1 July 2014 onwards. On 14 March 2014, 
the Flemish Parliament approved a Decree altering the Energy Decree to formally appoint the 
VREG (in replacement of the CREG) as the competent regulatory body with responsibility for 
the distribution grid tariffs, and to anticipate the implementation of these new tariff competences 
in the Flemish Region as from July 2014.79 
The general principles underlying the tariff methodology are enshrined in the tariff guidelines set 
out in the Energy Decree. The current tarification system in Flanders is an income and incentive 
regulation based system, also called an “allowed income” model (see above). 
The regional legislator and the VREG are bound by the general principles defined by the Third 
Energy Package and (for electricity) the Clean Energy Package (and to the extent the proposals 
become law, will be further finetuned by the Fit for 55 package and the proposed Electricity 
Market Design reform – see section 9.2 – ‘Trends in the energy sector’ of Part VII – ‘Description 
of the Issuer and the Guarantors’). In particular, the VREG has to respect the principle that tariff 
methodologies should guarantee the long-term ability of the system to meet reasonable demands 
for the distribution of electricity and gas. In addition, the tariff methodologies should allow the 
DSOs to ensure the necessary investments in their networks to be carried out in a manner that 
allows those investments to ensure the viability of the networks. Increasingly, tariff legislation 
places a focus on the facilitation and incentivising of flexibility, demand-response, distributed 
generation, storage and energy efficiency services, including through aggregation or via energy 
sharing and energy communities, by providers independent from the DSOs (including 
non-discriminatory network access for these providers and their customers). 
The regulator’s role and competencies  
The current powers of the VREG are quite broad and it holds an independent position within the 
energy market. The VREG has the exclusive power to establish (although after “structured, 
documented and transparent” consultation with the DSOs) the tariff methodology to be used by 
the DSOs as a basis for their tariff proposals, and subsequently to approve these tariff proposals 
or – if needed – to impose provisional tariffs.  
Nevertheless, when establishing the tariff methodology, the VREG remains bound by a number 
of binding guidelines incorporated in legislation. Amongst these guidelines is the principle that 
the VREG executes its tariff competency within the boundaries of the general energy policy as 
defined at European, federal and regional level. Furthermore, the VREG is compelled to 
extensively motivate its tariff decisions, both for its tariff methodology and the actual tariff 
decisions. The VREG is not allowed to retro-actively amend tariffs, notwithstanding the 
 
79  For transmission (including local transmission) of electricity and transport of natural gas, the federal regulator CREG has retained its 
tariff-setting competency beyond 1 July 2014.

--- Page 163 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
163 
settlement of tariff balances in subsequent tariff periods (“regulatoire saldi” – see below) or 
compensatory measures after having imposed temporary provisional tariffs. 
In accordance with the rules laid down in the Third Energy Package, the core duties of the VREG 
as regulator for tariff setting do not deprive the legislator of the right to issue general policy 
guidelines which will have to be reflected in the tariff structure and methodology. The Energy 
Decree sets out binding tariff guidelines, which include, amongst others, the more general 
principles of exhaustiveness and transparency, non-discrimination and proportionality. In 
addition, this article in the Energy Decree also specifies that:  
 
the criteria to reject costs should be non-discriminatory and transparent;  
 
grid users should not be charged twice for the same use;80 
 
the tariffs are non-discriminatory and proportional, and should reflect the actual costs, to 
the extent that these correspond to the costs made by efficient and structurally comparable 
DSOs;  
 
the remuneration for the regulated assets should allow a DSO to make the necessary 
investments for the execution of its tasks and its “access to capital”;  
 
the charges related to public service obligations are included in the tariffs, yet the VREG 
still has the power to assess the costs generated by the DSOs for those tasks and to 
benchmark those costs with the other DSOs;  
 
the tariff methodology should stipulate the determination of the tariff balances;  
 
cross-subsidisation between regulated and non-regulated activities is not allowed; 
 
costs which are not under the control of a DSO constitute “exogenous costs”; costs relating 
to the execution of certain public service obligations and additionally imposed during a 
tariff period qualify as exogenous costs as well; 
 
the DSOs should perform their tasks in an efficient way; and 
 
any capacity tariff should take into account regionally objectifiable differences.  
4.1.3 
Tarification principles (2021-2024) – allowed income model 
(a) 
Allowed income of the DSOs 
There are two main aspects in tarification that have to be clearly separated: 
(i) 
the tariff methodology establishes the defining principles and parameters by which 
the DSOs costs and allowed income are calculated; 
(ii) 
the tariff structure sets out how the distribution tariffs are spread over the different 
categories of end consumers. 
 
80 This most recent addition to the guidelines should be read in the context of any transitional arrangements that may result from the Constitutional 
Court judgement of 14 January 2021, which annulled the application of virtual reversed metering in combination with a prosumer tariff for 
solar panel owners being switched to a digital meter, in order to avoid that they might be charged cumulatively with a prosumer tariff and on 
their actual offtake. Please refer to section 4.1.5 – ‘Other tariff-related topics – tariff structure’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors’ for more information.

--- Page 164 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
164 
It is to be noted that a Guarantor’s income is only affected by the tariff methodology, not 
by the tariff structure. 
The VREG has chosen for a tariff regulation based on the so-called “allowed income” 
model with the exception of exogenous costs (see above). It deems this approach the best 
approach to incentivise DSOs to execute their operations as cost-efficiently as possible.  
The tariff methodology used by the VREG considers three different categories of a DSO’s 
costs, which are touched upon below: 
(A) 
endogenous costs: to be processed through the grid fee via the allowed income, 
subject to incentive regulation 
(B) 
exogenous costs: entirely to be passed through to the grid users through the grid 
fee 
(C) 
other costs: to be borne by the DSO itself, these costs cannot be included into the 
grid fee 
(A) 
Endogenous costs 
In the “allowed income” model, the endogenous costs are subject to incentive 
regulation to stimulate a DSO to work as cost-efficiently as possible and to ensure 
a sustainable management of the grid over time. Hence, to cover the endogenous 
costs, the tariff methodology should allow each DSO a certain amount of fixed 
revenues (the “allowed income”), which should correspond to the revenues of an 
efficient DSO. According to the VREG, the cost budget for a DSO should reflect 
the recent historical evolution of the endogenous sector costs and the actual share 
of each individual DSO therein (“sector trend methodology”).  
The major endogenous costs for the DSOs are: 
 
operational net expenditures, 
 
depreciations, 
 
remuneration for the cost of equity, 
 
remuneration for the cost of debt. 
Operational net expenditures 
The operating net expenditures incurred by a DSO in the context of its regulated 
activities, i.e. operational costs minus operational revenues, qualify as endogenous 
costs to which incentive regulation applies.  
Depreciations  
The value of all infrastructure elements that make up a distribution grid for 
electricity or gas is depreciated in accordance with the rules established by the 
VREG. This depreciation cost is integrally included into the distribution grid fee.  
The amortisation of surplus values based on the historical indexation and the initial 
regulated asset base is also taken into account. 
The VREG believes that goodwill and formation expenses do not qualify as assets 
used for distribution grid management purposes. As a consequence, the tariff

--- Page 165 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
165 
methodology does not allow a DSO to include amortisations on goodwill and 
formation expenses as an endogenous cost in its tariff envelope. These costs cannot 
be recovered via the distribution tariffs.  
Remuneration for the cost of equity  
The DSO is also entitled to receive a fair remuneration for the resources that its 
shareholders have invested in the distribution grid in the form of contributions and 
reserves. Basically, the remuneration for equity is set on the basis of the formula  
‘RAB x WACC’, 
in which 
 
RAB (Regulatory Asset Base) equals the regulated grid value calculated as 
the net economic reconstruction value, i.e. the investment amount needed 
to build a technically equivalent new grid, but based on the age of the 
current grid. The evolution of the RAB is monitored through a technical 
inventory and the yearly changes thereof (being investments in new grid 
infrastructure on the one hand and decommissioned infrastructure elements 
on the other hand).  
The net working capital can be included into the RAB value taken into 
consideration for the establishment of the equity remuneration. 
and in which 
 
WACC (Weighted Average Cost of Capital) is a weighted average of an 
entity’s costs of equity and debt, weighted by the proportions of equity and 
debt in its total balance sheet value. The WACC parameter is derived from 
the CAPM81 pricing formula. The WACC is determined ex ante by the 
VREG and should be at an efficient and realistic level. The capital 
remuneration is calculated with reference to the relevant assets on the 
DSO’s balance sheet used for executing its regulated activities. Following 
the equity/debt calibration, an additional adjustment is made for corporate 
taxes as well. 
The parameters for this calculation during the tariff period 2021-2024 have been 
set as detailed in section 4.1.4(a) – ‘The regulatory tariff period 2021-2024’ below. 
Remuneration for the cost of debt 
A DSO’s costs for debt (including interests and transaction costs) are also being 
remunerated through the grid fee. 
The VREG has indicated that it is not in favour of introducing a major risk of 
refinancing by the regulated DSOs. Such a risk might arise when a DSO is obliged 
to refinance its outstanding debt (mostly on terms beyond a 4-year tariff period so 
as to reflect the long-term useful life of its grid infrastructure assets) at the start of 
 
81  CAPM refers to the commonly used “Capital Asset Pricing Model”, an economic model for the determination of required returns on 
investments given the risk of the relevant assets and the cost of capital. The CAPM formula is as follows: “the expected return of an investment 
equals the risk-free rate multiplied by the investment beta multiplied by the market risk premium”, in which beta is a measure of how much 
risk the investment will add to (or subtract from) an investment portfolio equivalent to the market.

--- Page 166 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
166 
each new tariff period. With the basic principle of cost-efficiency in mind, the 
VREG also does not want to incentivise DSOs towards early redemptions of debt 
(whether bank loans or bonds), which would trigger additional costs. Therefore, 
the VREG has chosen for an approach which combines current market 
circumstances (interest rates) and the historical circumstances at the basis of 
outstanding DSO debt. 
The tariff methodology allows for transaction costs related to attracting debt 
financing. Transaction costs are, amongst other things, fees paid to legal and 
financial advisers, costs paid to the financial regulator FSMA, costs made for 
drawing up a prospectus, listing costs, credit rating costs etc. 
More precisely, to determine the cost of debt in the WACC (as a percentage), the 
VREG applies a combined value consisting of the sum of (i) a risk-free interest rate 
for historical debt, (ii) a risk premium for historical and for new debt and (iii) an 
increase for transaction costs (for both historical and new debt). The values for 
these components and other parameters to calculate the cost of debt during the tariff 
period 2021-2024 have been set as detailed in section 4.1.4(a) – ‘The regulatory 
tariff period 2021-2024’ below. 
Allowed income for endogenous costs  
Endogenous costs are subject to incentive regulation. The VREG has emphasised 
the importance of identifying the amount of the allowed income for endogenous 
costs in a transparent, non-discriminatory and predictable manner. To this end, the 
VREG has decided to determine the amount of the allowed income for endogenous 
costs on the basis of the evolution of the endogenous “sector” costs during a certain 
“observation period”. This observation period equals the 5-year period starting 
from the year before the start of a specific tariff period. This method of 
post-calculation allows the VREG to determine a DSO’s future income on the basis 
of the evolution and amount of the sector’s most recent (historical) costs.  
Furthermore, by referring to the “sector” costs, the VREG can incentivise all DSOs 
to work as efficiently as possible. For example, in case a DSO’s endogenous costs 
have increased more rapidly than the sector average, the former’s future allowed 
income in the next regulatory period will to a lesser extent correspond to that 
DSO’s latest cost level. Conversely, if a DSO’s endogenous costs have decreased 
more rapidly compared to the costs of its peers, its new allowed income in the next 
regulatory period will be higher than its most recent cost level.  
(B) 
Exogenous costs 
Exogenous costs in general constitute the costs that are “beyond the control” of the 
DSO (or its operating company). These costs are therefore not subject to a system 
of incentive regulation and, as such, they are left out of the allowed income. All 
exogenous costs are passed through to the distribution grid users, without any profit 
margin for a DSO and/or its operating company. 
A DSO is obliged to introduce an annual budget for exogenous costs to the VREG. 
The VREG then investigates this budget proposal for approval and introduction 
into the relevant grid fees. Any differences between these annual budgets (which 
are proposed “ex ante”) and the actual costs incurred by the DSO (which can only

--- Page 167 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
167 
be exactly established “ex post”), whether positive or negative (so-called “tariff 
balances”), are being processed in the tariffs during the following tariff period (in 
principle in a 4-year cycle).  
The major exogenous costs for a Flemish DSO are: 
 
costs for the (financial) public service obligations to be performed by the 
DSO (in relation to e.g. the stimulation of rational energy use or minimum 
gas supply) 
 
costs for the transmission of electricity (invoiced by electricity TSO Elia 
Transmission Belgium) 
 
pension charges (see below for more details) 
 
taxes (excluding corporate tax) 
 
levies 
 
charges related to certificates; and 
 
the reduction of tariff balances. 
Costs for public service obligations  
The legislative authorities have imposed on the Flemish DSOs a number of public 
service obligations, which are mostly social, technical and ecological measures, 
such as the costs for budget metering, combatting energy poverty and minimum 
gas supply82, the costs for RUE83 subsidies paid out to consumers, energy scans, 
insulation projects etc. The net costs incurred by the DSOs with respect to certain 
of these public service obligations84 are fully passed on to the end consumers 
through the distribution grid fee.  
Costs for the transmission of electricity (electricity TSO Elia Transmission 
Belgium) 
The federal electricity TSO Elia Transmission Belgium85 (unlike the gas TSO 
Fluxys Belgium) invoices its costs for the use of the electricity transmission grid 
to the DSOs. The DSO is allowed to include the transmission cost as an exogenous 
cost into its own tariff to be invoiced to the electricity suppliers/access holders. The 
DSO can do so, since the transmission cost invoiced by electricity TSO Elia 
Transmission Belgium is also subject to regulation, albeit by the federal energy 
regulator CREG.  
The federal contribution, which is added to the electricity grid tariffs, is not 
included into these exogenous costs. 
 
82 To the extent these costs are not compensated by any direct support from the Flemish Government. 
83  RUE: rational use of energy. 
84  Only the net costs for public service obligations may be introduced into the tariffs, i.e. after deduction of (i) any contributions or receipts from 
third parties, including the Flemish Government, and (ii) any fines or indemnities due by the DSO for failure or late execution of a public 
service obligation (e.g., in case of delays in installing smart meters on a network user’s request). 
85  Elia Transmission Belgium NV/SA has been designated as the national and regional/local electricity TSO for the very-high and high voltage 
electricity grid in Belgium (source: Elia Group Press Release of 20 January 2020).

--- Page 168 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
168 
Pension charges 
The charges incurred by a DSO for the non-capitalised supplementary pensions or 
the public sector pensions paid out to employees that have executed a regulated 
activity in electricity and/or gas distribution are deemed to have an exogenous 
character, on the express condition that these charges are due on the basis of 
statutory regimes, collective bargaining agreements or any other sufficiently 
formalised agreements approved prior to 30 April 1999. 
Taxes 
Taxes are considered to be exogenous costs. Corporate taxes, if any, are an 
exception to this general principle. This also applies to other amounts levied by 
public authorities and paid for by third parties, e.g. retributions paid by the DSOs 
to municipalities86 and the levy on the use of the large-scale reference file (as 
stipulated in the Flemish Decree of 16 April 2004 regarding the Large-Scale 
Reference File87). 
Levies 
Part of the total grid fee consists of federal and regional levies. More particularly: 
 
the energy contribution is a levy on each kWh of electricity and gas 
consumed. 
 
the federal contribution serves amongst other things to finance the Social 
Energy Fund and the Fund for Protected Consumers. It also finances the 
federal regulator CREG. Lastly, the federal contribution is also used to 
finance the Denuclearisation Fund and dedicated measures aimed at 
reducing greenhouse gas emissions. 
 
the Flemish contribution (“contribution to the Energy Fund”) is used by the 
Flemish authorities to finance their energy policy. As such, these funds are 
being used to finance the VREG’s operations, the social energy policy, and 
the policies related to rational use of energy, combined heat-power (CHP) 
and renewables. This contribution, or levy, on an electricity offtake point is 
invoiced by electricity suppliers. On the electricity invoices, this is 
mentioned as “contribution to the Energy Fund” (“Bijdrage Energiefonds”). 
The contribution is payable separately for each separate connection to the 
electricity grid (i.e., each offtake point). The electricity supplier must 
transfer the contributions on a monthly basis to the account of the Flemish 
Tax Administration. Suppliers can report on a yearly basis on the non-
recoverable debts, which can be set off (accordingly, there is no final 
financial risk for the supplier). The Guarantors are involved in their capacity 
as social supplier for end consumers or as supplier of last resort. 
In the tariff methodology, these levies are treated as exogenous costs for the DSOs. 
 
86  The so-called “regulation on municipal retributions” (in Dutch: “reglement gemeentelijke retributies”). 
87  Published in the Belgian State Gazette on 5 July 2004.

--- Page 169 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
169 
Charges related to certificates 
The DSOs’ costs directly related to the obligatory purchase of certificates for green 
power and combined heat/power (“CHP”), at their minimum support level, can be 
introduced into the grid fee as an exogenous cost. Also included as exogenous costs 
are the costs/revenues from the obligatory solidarity mechanism between the 
DSOs, which results in either an additional cost (if a specific DSO has to take over 
additional certificates from other DSOs) or a revenue (if a DSO can sell certificates 
to other DSOs). The same holds for certificates which a DSO can sell to the Flemish 
authorities within the framework of measures laid down in the Energy Decree. 
More details about the certificate mechanism such as it is being applied in the 
Flemish Region, are included in the next paragraphs. 
In the Flemish Region, a system of so-called green power certificates and CHP 
certificates was introduced in 2004. The three main pillars of the Flemish green 
power and CHP certificate system are (i) the possibility of producers of green 
energy and CHP to be granted green/CHP certificates88 , (ii) the obligation for 
suppliers of electricity to surrender each year a number of green power and CHP 
certificates (quota obligation) and (iii) the guarantee system whereby a minimum 
price for the certificates is guaranteed to the producers of electricity for a 
predetermined period.  
In this framework, the producers of green electricity and CHP have the 
responsibility to transmit the necessary production information to the VREG, 
which will rely on this information to issue green power and CHP certificates. The 
DSOs also have an important role in the guarantee system, since this guarantee 
system has been implemented through the obligation for the DSOs to purchase 
green power and CHP certificates from certain producers of green electricity/CHP 
at a guaranteed minimum price (see below).  
The Issuer, as the operating company for the Flemish electricity DSOs, is also 
responsible for the administrative aspects towards the prosumers in Flanders. The 
latter have to contact Fluvius for all matters pertaining to the green certificates/CHP 
database, such as a change of address, the input of their solar production data in 
order to obtain certificates, etc. 
The system is such that the DSOs are obliged to buy the green power and CHP 
certificates at a fixed minimum price predetermined by the public authorities, 
without the DSOs having any say on the price level. The DSOs buy these 
certificates at the guaranteed minimum price from any party requesting to do so, 
thereby temporarily immobilising (“banking”) them and then selling them again in 
the market at a later time, or as the case may be permanently immobilising 
(cancelling) them. The difference between the guaranteed minimum price (at which 
the DSOs have bought the certificates) and the market price received for the 
certificates (i.e. the price at which they are sold again by the DSOs) is funded as a 
 
88  For installations with a start date before 1 January 2013, one green power or CHP certificate is attributed for each 1,000 kWh of green 
electricity produced or saved. For installations with a start date from 1 January 2013, one green power or CHP certificate is attributed for each 
1,000 kWh of green electricity produced or saved, multiplied by the applicable banding factor (which is calculated each year on the basis of 
the unprofitable summit for the type of project concerned).

--- Page 170 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
170 
public service obligation, to be charged through the distribution grid fee as an 
exogenous cost. The number of certificates which the DSOs can be forced to 
purchase is not limited and will depend on the amount of produced renewable 
energy. Through this certificate mechanism, the Flemish authorities have 
established a support mechanism for the development of renewable and 
decentralised (including CHP) electricity generation in Flanders.  
Paragraph 5.4 of the 2021-2024 tariff methodology provides that the net costs 
incurred by the electricity DSOs in relation to their financial public service 
obligations on the promotion of rational use of energy (RUE), as imposed by the 
Energy Decree, are treated as exogenous costs. 
On 29 April 2022, the Flemish Parliament amended the Energy Decree by 
introducing another public service obligation for the electricity DSOs. The 
amendment provides for a premium for network users with decentralised 
generation facilities having a nominal capacity of no more than 10 kVA in order to 
compensate for the annulment, by the Constitutional Court on 14 January 2021, of 
the regulation on the compensation of injection and offtake. Following this change, 
the VREG decided that the costs incurred by electricity DSOs related to this new 
financial public service obligation should also be considered exogenous costs, 
given their analogous character to the other financial public service obligations on 
the stimulation of RUE, the net costs of which are also considered to be exogenous 
costs (see above).89 
Reduction of tariff balances 
In addition, the VREG in principle considers the historically accumulated tariff 
balances (“regulatoire saldi”)90 to be exogenous as well. This means that the 
amount of exogenous costs to be incorporated into the grid fees for a certain year 
may be modified annually by the VREG depending on the exogenous costs actually 
incurred in (the) previous year(s). In addition, the future balances as a consequence 
of the actually incurred exogenous costs and the actual revenues which should 
cover these costs, are subtracted from or added to the grid fees. 
(C) 
Other costs 
If and when a DSO has incurred other costs, these costs constitute “rejected costs” 
(“verworpen kosten”), which means that regulation does not allow them to be 
included into the grid tariffs. As such, these costs cannot be recovered through the 
grid fee and have to be borne by the DSO (and thus, ultimately, its shareholders). 
Examples of this category of other costs are fines, indemnities, provisions, costs 
for lost court cases etc. 
Establishment of a DSO’s total allowed income 
As mentioned above, the total allowed income which a DSO can obtain from the 
periodical distribution grid fees is based upon (i) the allowed income for exogenous 
costs and (ii) the allowed income for endogenous costs.  
 
89  VREG Decision of 27 June 2022 (‘BESL-2022-60’). 
90  Formerly called “regulatory assets & liabilities”.

--- Page 171 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
171 
Adaptations of the allowed income  
The tariff methodology allows for certain additional adaptations. A DSO’s 
endogenous costs can be adapted taking into account (i) inflation, (ii) several 
X-factors reflecting positive/negative results of the relevant DSO and (iii) a Q-
factor (quality factor) to stimulate a persistently high service quality to be delivered 
by the DSO.  
Inflation: The tariff methodology caters for inflation rate evolutions. In practice, 
this is implemented by a dual-step approach. On the one hand, the historical values 
of endogenous sector costs are updated at the beginning of every tariff period and, 
on the other hand, a DSO’s allowed income is adapted annually. The inflation rate 
is measured on the basis of the retail price index. That being said, the Group is not 
immune to inflation due to its substantial purchases of goods and services, the 
prices of which are affected by rising inflation rates. At the end of the third quarter 
of every year, the VREG adjusts the allowed income for actual levels of inflation. 
Any delta between the ex-ante projected inflation which was taken into account for 
the allowed income for a certain year and the actual level of inflation as identified 
in Q3 of that year, is passed through the tariffs in the subsequent two years as an 
exogenous cost (which is similar to the system applied to compensate for 
differences between actual and projected volumes). 
X-factor: The adaptation of a DSO’s allowed income on the basis of inflation is 
corrected by a so-called “X-factor”. This X-factor indicates to what extent a DSO’s 
tariffs can increase annually assuming that the DSO performs its tasks efficiently. 
The use of the X-factor constitutes a form of incentive regulation as it indicates to 
what extent a DSO has to deliver extra efficiency and productivity. Through the 
X-factor, consumers directly participate in the expected cost reductions in the form 
of lower tariffs in the next regulatory period. On the other hand, a DSO can also 
benefit as long as it manages to reduce costs in excess of the X-factor. The residual 
cost savings can then be retained in the form of higher profits in the next regulatory 
period.  
Q-factor: A DSO could theoretically exaggerate its cost savings benchmarked 
against the X-factor, possibly at the expense of the quality of its services delivered 
to the end consumers. To mitigate this problem, the tariff methodology also 
contains a so-called “Q-factor”. The Q-factor or “quality factor” measures the level 
of quality of a DSO’s services and is translated into a financial remuneration (or a 
financial penalisation).  
X’-factor: On 20 September 2018, the Flemish energy regulator introduced a 
specific additional factor, labelled “X’-factor”, into the then ongoing tariff 
methodology (for 2017-2020) at the occasion of the merger of the DSOs’ operating 
companies Eandis System Operator and Infrax into Fluvius System Operator. The 
X’-factor introduces an extra financial cost saving incentive for the DSOs, as well 
as a compulsory timing for these cost savings to be realised. This X’ factor is 
maintained in the new tariff methodology from 2021 onwards. 
X’’ factor: Frontier shift 
The previous tariff methodology (for 2017-2020) made use of a mechanism to set 
the allowed income for endogenous costs based on the actual costs of the previous

--- Page 172 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
172 
years. This model includes a competitive element, incentivizing the individual 
DSOs to outperform the norm, being the average evolution for the group of all 
DSOs.  
As a consequence of the Fluvius merger, the VREG introduced an additional 
safeguard for cost efficiency in the new tariff methodology from 2021 onwards. 
This safeguard takes the form of a so-called “X’’-factor” or “frontier shift”, i.e. a 
productivity improvement which efficient companies can realise. The cost 
evolution for distribution system operations is being compared to the ones in 
comparable and representative sectors. Every DSO should be able to realise at least 
the net frontier shift productivity improvement. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, each of the electricity DSOs has already realised its frontier shift. 
The Guarantors and the Issuer are faced with the financial impact of the decision 
by the Flemish Government to accelerate the roll-out of digital metering for 
electricity and gas, compared to the original timeline. In accordance with the 
provisions in the 2021-2024 tariff methodology, the Issuer requested and obtained 
advances for the year 2021 for a total amount (electricity and gas combined) of 
EUR 43 million. These advances were integrated into the grid fees and thus result 
in an increase of the tariffs. For 2022, an advance for electricity of EUR 21,998,060 
was allowed by the VREG; for gas, no advance for the year 2022 was requested.  
However, to limit the impact of the increasing inflation rates on distribution tariffs, 
the DSOs decided to repay all abovementioned advances (amounting to 
approximately EUR 72 million). In addition, no new advances (for electricity and 
energy transition) were requested for 2023. In order to mitigate the effect of this 
within the DSOs’ results, financial reserves for an amount of EUR 119 million have 
been temporarily deployed. These measures were discussed with, and approved by, 
the VREG. Without additional efforts by the DSOs, the Issuer and the Flemish 
Government, the distribution grid tariff of an average Flemish household would 
have increased by more than 10% (or EUR 137) in 2023, according to the Issuer’s 
calculations. These extra efforts are expected to limit the impact of inflation on the 
end users’ 2023 energy bill, with an expected increase of only 4%. 
(b) 
Periodical and non-periodical costs and tariffs 
Within the tariff methodology, a distinction is made between periodical and non-periodical 
(or one-off) costs. The non-periodical tariffs include e.g. tariffs for the connection to the 
distribution grid, for studies related to a connection or for adaptations to the metering 
system. Periodical tariffs include tariffs for the use of the distribution grid, for public 
service obligations, for the use of the transport grid and for a number of ancillary services.

--- Page 173 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
173 
4.1.4 
The regulatory tariff period 2021-2024 
(a) 
The tariff period 2021-2024 
The VREG published its decision on the tariff methodology for the tariff period 2021-2024 
on 13 August 202091.  
Apart from the general principles underlying all tariff methodologies, as commented upon 
in section 4.1 – ‘Regulatory framework for the Flemish energy DSOs (electricity and gas)’ 
of this Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’, the main points of the 
2021-2024 methodology can be summarised as follows: 
The VREG will apply the following calculation parameters: 
in calculating the cost of equity, 
 
a gearing ratio of 40% equity versus 60% debt, irrespective of the actual 
balance sheet structures of the regulated DSOs; 
 
a risk-free interest rate of 0.09%, which is derived from the one-year 
weighted average of yields on 10-year government bonds (for 75% Belgian 
government bonds (“OLO”) and for 25% on German government bonds 
(“Bunds”));  
 
the compensation for the decreasing impact of the ongoing bond purchase 
programme by the ECB on government bonds, introduced in the previous 
(2017-2020) tariff methodology, will no longer apply in the 2021-2024 tariff 
period; 
 
an additional market risk premium of 4.81%;  
 
a parameter reflecting the risk profile of the DSO (the so-called “equity beta 
factor”) set at 0.83 for both electricity and gas. 
Based on these parameters, the VREG set the pre-tax cost of equity at 5.44% (post-tax at 
4.08%92). 
in calculating the cost of debt, 
 
the proportion between historical debt and new debt is set at 60% for 
historical debt and 40% for new debt; 
 
the same risk-free interest rate parameters as described above for the cost of 
equity are being applied, albeit without the compensation for the ECB bond 
purchasing programme; this amounts to a risk-free interest rate for historical 
debt of 2.11%;  
 
91  VREG Decision of 13 August 2020 ‘BESL-2020-31’ (available at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2020-31). The original Decision was 
subsequently amended by Decisions of 11 December 2020 (‘BESL-2020-86’, available at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2020-86), 
5 February 2021 (‘BESL-2021-07’, available at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2021-07), 25 June 2021 (‘BESL-2021-33’, available 
at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2021-33) and 8 October 2021 (‘BESL-2021-97’, available at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-
2021-97) and 27 June 2022 (‘BESL-2022-60’, available at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2022-60). Information contained on these 
web pages does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
92  Calculated on the basis of a corporate tax rate of 25.00%.

--- Page 174 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
174 
 
a risk premium for historical debt of 0.58% and 0.85% for new debt; 
 
the interest rates are set at 2.84% for historical debt and at 1.09% for new 
debt; 
 
0.15% is added to the cost of debt, both for new and historical debt to cater 
for transaction costs.  
The overall cost of debt used in the tariff methodology 2021-2024 for the Flemish DSOs 
is therefore 2.14%. 
The combined cost of equity (5.44%) and cost of debt (2.14%) results in a total WACC 
(pre-tax) of 3.5%.  
Additionally, the VREG decided to implement a fundamental change in the remuneration 
mechanism for the RAB: the revaluation surplus values within the RAB93 are being set 
apart and the relevant remuneration will be gradually phased out to disappear entirely over 
a period of eight years (2021-2029). 
The quality incentive, also identified as “Q-factor”, will be an element in the allowed 
income for endogenous costs. It will be calculated on the basis of a DSO’s performance 
on (i) power outages and (ii) late connections to the distribution grid. 
The trend methodology which the regulator uses for setting the DSOs’ allowed income 
does not take into account a swift and substantial increase of costs, since it is based on the 
evolution in the recent past and not on the expected costs in the near future. That is why 
the VREG has foreseen an advance payment scheme that allows the Issuer and the 
Guarantors to file year-by-year a request for an advance to compensate for quickly rising 
costs. The decision by the Flemish Government, dated 5 June 2020, to accelerate the smart 
metering roll-out (see section 9.2 – ‘Trends in the energy sector’ of this Part VII – 
‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’) does indeed trigger substantial additional 
costs at the level of the Issuer and the Guarantors. For further details and information on 
(the approval of) advancements, please refer to section 4.1.3 – ‘Tarification principles 
(2021-2024) – allowed income model’ – ‘(a) Allowed income for the DSOs’ – ‘(C) Other 
costs’ of this Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
Following the publication of the 2021-2024 tariff methodology, the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors in its meeting of 26 August 2020 evaluated the tariff methodology’s impact on 
the Fluvius Economic Group’s financials. The Board concluded that the new tariff 
methodology will have a considerable impact on the DSOs’ allowed income, and thus on 
their revenues, cashflows and profit margins for both electricity and gas, due to, amongst 
other things, a reduction of the WACC to a level below market conditions, the phase-out 
of the remuneration on the RAB revaluation surplus values, the additional X’-factor cost 
savings target of EUR 150 million, the “frontier shift” measures in gas distribution and 
the uncertainty on the advance mechanism for 2022 and beyond to mitigate the effects of 
the accelerated roll-out programme for digital metering. 
The downward revision by the VREG of the parameters for setting the allowed incomes 
during the tariff period 2021-2024 results in a downward trend for the revenues and cash 
 
93  For 2019, the Guarantors’ aggregate RAB value for electricity and gas network infrastructure amounted to EUR 9.9 billion, of which 
approximately an amount of EUR 1.9 billion is composed of revaluation surplus values.

--- Page 175 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
175 
flows that can be generated by the DSOs in their regulated businesses of electricity and 
gas distribution. The exact impact can, however, only be estimated reliably once the exact 
allowed income for each of those four years will have been formally set by the VREG 
(which generally occurs around mid-October of the preceding year). The 2021-2024 tariff 
methodology also inspired Moody’s and Creditreform’s decisions to lower the Issuer’s 
credit rating outlook from ‘stable’ to ‘negative’ in 2020. In June 2021, however, the Issuer 
and the Guarantors themselves approved a set of mitigating measures which aim at 
lessening the negative impact of the 2021-2024 tariff methodology on the Guarantors’ 
financial position. In summary, these measures entailed: (i) requesting advances from the 
VREG in relation to the accelerated roll-out of digital metering, so that the allowed income 
is temporarily increased to cope with the additional need for financing; (ii) setting strict 
technical and financial criteria for evaluating investments (capex); (iii) implementing 
extra cost savings in order to reach the cost saving target of EUR 150 million by the end 
of 2024, as set by the VREG; and (iv) adjusting the dividend policy, starting with the 
dividends for the financial year 2022, taking into account the ratio ”equity on RAB” in 
each mission-entrusted company shareholder. Following these measures, Moody’s has 
since then upgraded the Issuer’s credit rating outlook again to ‘stable’ (as from 29 October 
2021). On 16 August 2022, Creditreform downgraded the Issuer’s credit rating from ‘A+ 
negative’ to ‘A stable’ (action validity date being 22 August 2022). Please refer to (i) 
section 1.4 – ‘The Issuer’s corporate credit ratings’, (ii) section 7.2 – ‘Significant changes 
in the financial position and prospects of the Guarantors’ of this Part VII – ‘Description of 
the Issuer and the Guarantors’ and (iii) the risk factor entitled “Future changes to gas, 
electricity and/or sewerage tariffs or tariff methodologies, for example if these are not in 
line with the European internal energy market (if applicable), may have an adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ assigned credit ratings, ability to obtain funding and, 
hence, on their operational performance.” for more information. 
The allowed income for each of the Guarantors for the year 2023, both for electricity and 
gas, was established by various VREG decisions taken in the last quarter of 202294. 
4.1.5 
Other tariff-related topics – tariff structure 
(a) 
Capacity tariff 
In the run-up towards establishing the 2021-2024 tariff methodology for electricity, the 
VREG had already announced its intention to fundamentally change the tariff structure, 
i.e., the mechanism setting out how total costs are spread out over different categories of 
end users. As a result, it has been decided to introduce in the Flemish Region, as from 
1 January 202395 (the original deadline for implementation of 1 January 2022 having been 
postponed several times and ultimately by 12 months), a grid fee based on capacity. The 
capacity-based elements will only impact that part of the aggregate grid tariff for 
 
94 Fluvius Antwerpen: BESL-2022-154 as amended by BESL-2022-176 for electricity and BESL-2022-164 for gas; Fluvius Limburg: BESL-
2022-155 as amended by BESL-2022-177 for electricity and BESL-2022-165 for gas; Fluvius West: BESL-2022-156 as amended by BESL-
2022-178 for electricity and BESL-2022-166 for gas; Gaselwest: BESL-2022-157 as amended by BESL-2022-179 for electricity and BESL-
2022-167 for gas; Imewo: BESL-2022-158 as amended by BESL-2022-180 for electricity and BESL-2022-168 for gas; Intergem: BESL-
2022-159 as amended by BESL-2022-181 for electricity and BESL-2022-169 for gas; Iveka: BESL-2022-160 as amended by BESL-2022-
182 for electricity and BESL-2022-170 for gas; Iverlek: BESL-2022-161 as amended by BESL-2022-183 for electricity and BESL-2022-171 
for gas; PBE: BESL-2022-162 as amended by BESL-2022-184 for electricity; Sibelgas: BESL-2022-163 as amended by BESL-2022-185 for 
electricity and BESL-2022-172 for gas. 
95 VREG Decision of 27 June 2022 (‘BESL-2022-60’).

--- Page 176 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
176 
residential and SME consumers, which is directly related to building, managing and 
maintaining the grid. Tariff components such as the cost for public service obligations, 
transmission of electricity and surcharges remain out of scope of the capacity tariff. These 
are still calculated and allocated on the basis of consumed volumes (kWh). 
The former tarification mechanism for electricity distribution is entirely based on energy 
consumption volumes (i.e., euro/kWh-consumption/period). A capacity-based distribution 
grid fee is based on euro/kW/period.  
 
 
The general idea behind a capacity-driven grid fee is that such a tariff better reflects a 
DSO’s actual cost drivers, and that the capacity criterion is a better way to allocate the 
relevant costs to those grid users that have actually triggered the costs. Indeed, a DSO’s 
relevant operational costs are largely driven by the grid dimensioning (expressed as the 
expected peak capacity on the grid and the simultaneity of the peak capacity of the 
aggregate users on the grid), as financially reflected in depreciations and the cost of 
capital, rather than by the energy volumes distributed at a specific connection over a period 
of time. Grid dimensioning is primarily determined taking into account the expected 
system peak. The energy transition which entails more electrification (electric mobility, 
electric heat pumps etc.) and a more decentralised and decarbonised energy system – will 
inevitably result in a higher system peak and substantially higher grid investments, if no 
further measures are taken. 
In the capacity tarification proposed by the VREG, a grid user “reserves” an expected peak 
capacity for the upcoming year, the so-called “access capacity”. The access capacity 
would be determined on the peak capacity of the past year. The capacity tariff would not 
be influenced by the moment at which the peak capacity will be reached.  
A capacity-driven distribution tariff structure is thought to incentivise a grid user to better 
align its connection capacity utilisation on the condition that the grid user gains a better 
insight into its use of the connection capacity. This insight into grid and connection 
utilisation is enabled by the introduction of digital metering linked to an in-house display. 
Grid users will be more aware of the costs caused by peak capacity and thus be pushed 
towards reducing those peaks.  
The Flemish energy minister filed a procedure with the Brussels Court of Appeal against 
the decision of the VREG to introduce the capacity tariff from 1 January 2023. The case 
was argued before the Court on 25 January 2023 with interventions on behalf of the 
minister, the VREG, the Issuer and the federation of energy companies Febeg. The Issuer 
pleaded for a decision in the interest of legal certainty and continuity of public service. On 
1 March 2023, the Court of Appeal ruled that the annulment appeal on behalf of the 
Flemish Government was admissible but unfounded. This confirmed the VREG’s decision

--- Page 177 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
177 
to let the capacity tariff enter into effect as of 1 January 2023 and has no further 
consequences for its application. 
(b) 
Data management tarification 
Article 4.1.29 of the Energy Decree stipulates that the data management activities are 
subject to a system of regulated tarification. Such tarification covers the activities of 
metering, including the collection, validation and transmission of metering data according 
to article 4.1.8 of the Energy Decree.  
As from 2021, the data tariff will consist of a fixed annual amount for each access point 
and per level of metering detail (15 minutes, day, month, year). This global tariff is 
invoiced on the basis of offtake volumes. Apart from this, there is an additional tariff for 
generation within the framework of the certificate allowance. The data management tariffs 
will be significantly broader in scope than those applicable until year-end 2020, since they 
are to cover data management, which goes beyond the current ‘metering activity’. But for 
the end consumers, this specific price increase will be compensated by a similar decrease 
of the other elements in the grid fee. Potential volume-based balances arising out of a 
smaller number of customers with 15-min readings versus other customers can be 
recovered in subsequent tariff periods. 
As from 2022, a fixed tariff term for data management (EUR/year) is introduced. It is a 
global tariff that the consumer is due for the entire data management for the relevant access 
point. It will consist of a fixed annual amount, determined by the meter type and the degree 
of reading detail (15 minutes, day, month, year). It will also be applicable to production 
meters within the framework of the certificate allowance. 
For the sake of completeness: beside the data management, there is also a tariff for non-
periodic data services. The proceeds of the latter tariff are negligible compared to those 
from the data management tariffs. These data services aim at the development of new 
markets based on data that become available through the data management activities 
carried out by the Issuer/Guarantors, and they are bundled in a so-called “services 
catalogue”. This catalogue includes (i) making available 15-minute data collected from 
tele-read meters, (ii) making available through a web portal 15-min or daily data collected 
from digital meters, (iii) making available through machine-to-machine exchanges (API) 
15-min or daily data collected from digital meters and (iv) consultancy and data 
consultancy services. 
(c) 
Prosumer tariff 
The so-called prosumer96 tariff was introduced into the Flemish energy market on 1 July 
2015. It applies to consumers with a decentral electricity production installation equal to 
or below 10 kVA (most often solar panels) and a reversing analogue (“Ferraris”) electricity 
meter. It should be pointed out that the prosumer tariff is an element of distribution grid 
tarification, not a tax. The prosumer tariff allows for the distribution grid tariffs to better 
 
96  The term “prosumer” (a contraction of the words “producer” and “consumer”) refers to grid users that use the grid to take off electricity but 
also to inject electricity. The electricity they inject into the distribution grid is produced by their own small-scale decentralised generation 
installation (equal to or less than 10 kVA such as solar panels and others).

--- Page 178 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
178 
reflect the actual electricity volumes transiting over the DSOs’ distribution networks97 as 
it is supposed to compensate (in the form of a lump-sum compensation) for the 
non-measured part of the prosumer’s use of the distribution grid. 
The prosumer tariff is set for each DSO separately. It is calculated based on the maximum 
AC capacity of the inverter (measured in kVA), since the regulator considers this 
calculation method to be the best possible indicator for the maximum impact the 
prosumer’s installation has on the DSO’s grid. The actual prosumer tariff, valid during 
2023, is the result of the AC capacity in kVA multiplied by a set tariff which varies between 
EUR 38.56 (Fluvius Antwerpen) and EUR 50.05 (Gaselwest), 6% of VAT included. The 
most recent changes were introduced by the VREG in its Decision of 8 October 2021: 
(i) 
solar panel owners switching from an analogue (reverse) meter to a digital meter 
get to “take up” their built-up negative net balance, in the form of a one-off 
reduction on their next settlement invoice, to maximum the amount of their actual 
offtake of that first invoice as measured by the digital meter; any excess balance 
will be forfeited; and 
(ii) 
the monthly prosumer tariff will be split more evenly over the year, based on the 
normal amount of sunny hours per month. 
The introduction of digital meters has changed the situation for prosumers who had the 
option, under the old Article 4.1.30/1 of the Energy Decree, for their digital meter to either 
(i) function, during a period of maximum 15 years, as a “virtually” reversing meter, in 
which case the prosumer tariff would remain due in combination with a remuneration for 
their compensated offtake or (ii) function as a proper digital meter (capable of separately 
measuring offtake and injection), and have their distribution grid fee calculated on the 
actual off-take volumes. With a judgment of 14 January 2021 (No 5/2021) however, the 
Constitutional Court annulled this arrangement deeming it to be discriminatory, given that 
grid users who did not own solar panels would not be able to benefit from it. As a result, 
the tariff methodology was amended and no longer takes into account the possibility of 
“virtual reverse metering”. Consequently, the prosumer tariff can be applied only to 
prosumers with an actual, analogue reverse meter. 
The introduction of the digital meter does not impact the electricity commodity price as 
such, nor the surcharges to be paid by the prosumer. 
The introduction of the capacity tariff does not change the fact that consumers with a 
decentral electricity production installation equal to or below 10 kVA (most often solar 
panels) and a reversing analogue (“Ferraris”) electricity meter remain liable to pay the 
prosumer tariff (instead of the capacity tariff) as set out above. 
4.2 
Regulatory framework for the Flemish sewerage intermunicipalities 
For a description of the regulatory framework on sewerage in Flanders, please refer to section 3.4 – 
‘Organisation of the Flemish sewerage market’ of this Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the 
 
97  Prior to the introduction of the prosumer tariff, the DSOs’ distribution tariffs did not reflect the actual electricity volumes which were transiting 
over their grid (i.e., both off-take and injection), because prosumers only contributed to the network costs at the rate of the net balance measured 
on their reversing meter between the quantities consumed from and injected into the network (the so-called “compensated offtake” or 
“gecompenseerde afname”). As a consequence, a prosumer injecting 3,000 kWh and taking off 3,000 kWh in a given year, was only charged 
based on the net meter reading of a balance of zero off-take and zero injection. Hence, the DSOs were faced with a decrease of revenues and, 
therefore, afterwards in an upward pressure on the tariffs to be paid by non-prosumer grid users.

--- Page 179 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
179 
Guarantors’, in which the legislative basis at the European and Flemish level is set out, the role of both 
the Flemish Environment Agency (VMM) and Aquafin are explained and the subsidy mechanism for 
sewerage projects in the Flemish region is commented upon. 
4.3 
Regulatory and contractual framework for Flemish CATV intermunicipalities 
On 1 October 2008, Fluvius Antwerpen (former Integan), Fluvius Limburg (former Interelectra and 
Inter-media), Fluvius West (former WVEM) and PBE, united within Interkabel, entered into an 
agreement with Telenet NV (the “2008 Telenet Agreement”), whereby Telenet NV acquired the 
analogue and digital subscriber base of these companies. Furthermore, a long-term lease of certain 
network assets was granted to Telenet NV at the occasion of this transaction. The Issuer and the relevant 
Guarantors now act as contractors for Telenet NV and they are responsible for the operation, 
maintenance, expansion and upgrading of the cable network.  
In the same agreement, it was agreed upon that the cable companies could use the cable network to offer 
services to provinces, cities, municipalities and related local governments and public entities located in 
the area of the aforementioned Guarantors. Following the 2008 Telenet Agreement, Telenet NV has all 
rights to use substantially all of the network under a long-term lease for an initial period of 38 years. 
Telenet is contractually obliged to pay recurring fees in addition to the fees paid in relation to the 
Interkabel Contribution Deed (which was entered into by Telenet Vlaanderen NV in 1996, and remains 
in full force and effect) under certain pre-existing agreements with the relevant Guarantors that remain 
the network’s legal owners. All capital expenditures associated with the network will be initiated by 
Telenet NV, but executed and prefinanced by the Guarantors through an increase of the lease payments 
due by Telenet NV to them, and will follow a 15-year reimbursement schedule. Telenet NV’s usage 
rights on the network take the form of long-term lease agreements (“erfpacht”). Unless extended, the 
long-term leases will expire on 23 September 2046, and cannot be terminated earlier, except in the 
following cases:  
(a) 
non-payment of at least 25% by Telenet NV of its annual lease payments, which is not remedied 
within 100 business days; or  
(b) 
bankruptcy of Telenet NV.  
However, in each such case of early termination, the long-term lease will not be terminated if Telenet NV 
is replaced by a Replacing Entity (“Instappende Entiteit” as defined in the long-term leases) within a 
certain time period. A Replacing Entity is any interested party that meets certain strict solvency 
requirements. In the event that a long-term lease is transferred to a Replacing Entity for an event that 
does not also lead to the automatic termination of the usage rights under the Interkabel Contribution 
Deed (see below), Telenet Vlaanderen NV will have the right (but not the obligation) to transfer its usage 
rights on the network to such Replacing Entity, subject to certain conditions. Under the terms of the 
Interkabel Contribution Deed, Telenet’s usage rights to provide point-to-point services over the network 
will automatically terminate if, among other things, (i) there is a unanimous and definitive decision of 
the board of directors of Telenet NV to cease any direct or indirect development, installation or 
exploitation of its telecommunications network in Belgium, (ii) Telenet NV or Telenet Vlaanderen NV 
is declared bankrupt or placed into liquidation, (iii) certain provisions of the articles of association 
(“statuten”) of Telenet Vlaanderen NV are amended in any way that is detrimental to the rights of 
Interkabel without Interkabel’s written consent, (iv) the director of Telenet Vlaanderen NV nominated 
by Interkabel is dismissed for any reason without Interkabel’s written consent and such director is not 
replaced by another director nominated by Interkabel or (v) Telenet Vlaanderen NV ceases to be an 
affiliate of Telenet NV. However, in each such case of early termination, the usage rights will not be 
terminated if Telenet Vlaanderen NV is replaced by a Replacing Entity (as defined in the Interkabel

--- Page 180 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
180 
Contribution Deed) within a certain time period. Telenet Vlaanderen NV has pre-emptive rights, with 
certain exceptions, with respect to any proposed transfer by Interkabel or any of Fluvius Antwerpen, 
Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West and PBE of its respective interests in the network, or transfers by the 
latter of shares in Interkabel, at the price offered by a third party. For as long as Telenet Vlaanderen NV 
has the usage rights on the network under the Interkabel Contribution Deed, Interkabel has pre-emptive 
rights, with certain exceptions for transfers to certain affiliates, with respect to any proposed transfer of 
Telenet Vlaanderen NV shares, at the price offered by a third party. Interkabel and the relevant 
Guarantors have agreed not to dissolve their co-ownership structure in respect of the network voluntarily 
without the consent of Telenet Vlaanderen NV. The Issuer made use of the possibility provided for in 
the 2008 Telenet Agreement to use the cable network to offer services to provinces, cities, municipalities 
and related local governments and public entities located in the area of the aforementioned Guarantors 
and started a number of CATV grid-related services (Fluvius-LAN-net, Fluvius-TEL-net and Fluvius-
INTER-net, together called “Fluvius Net”): 
 
Fluvius-LAN-net consists of a Local Area Network which links, through the cable network, all 
the buildings and services of the municipalities and allows for the exchange of information 
between these services.  
 
Fluvius-TEL-net consists of a telephone service over the cable network between the different 
services of the municipalities.  
 
Fluvius-INTER-net provides access to broadband internet to the municipality services and the 
schools.  
The main characteristic of these services is that they are only available in municipalities where a relevant 
Guarantor owns the cable network. It should be noted, however, that following a review of its corporate 
strategy, the Issuer has decided to divest the aforementioned CATV grid-related services to local 
authorities, on the express condition that the new operator takes over these activities at the same (or 
improved) financial conditions for the local authorities and at the same (or improved) service levels. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the divestment programme has not yet started and no specific target 
date has been put forward as this will largely depend on market circumstances and responses. 
The legal basis for the CATV activity is based, on the one hand, on the federal Law of 13 June 2005 
regarding electronic communication (published on 20 June 2005, which covers telecom and internet 
cables) and, on the other hand, on the Flemish Media Decree of 27 March 2009 (published on 27 March 
2009, which covers CATV cables).  
Fast data network 
On 26 June 202098, the Issuer formally announced the start of talks with Telenet about the realisation of 
a fast data network of the future for the Flemish Region. The Issuer had taken this step after having set 
up five fibre-to-the-home (“FTTH”) pilot projects covering in total 15,000 homes passed (in Antwerp, 
Genk, Ghent, Diksmuide and Poperinge) and in which it only provides the open fibre infrastructure 
without offering any services. The pilot projects prompted the Issuer’s concern that, in the long term, a 
new digital divide may arise in Flanders with certain regions and customers gaining access to new, faster 
data connections, while others might completely lag behind. A potential partnership with Telenet would 
allow for the development of a high-quality and fast data network for all customers. 
 
98  For the entire text of the press release, see https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-06/fluvius-and-telenet-talk-about-data-netwerk-of-
the-future.pdf. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 181 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
181 
On 19 July 202299, the Issuer and Telenet entered into a binding agreement to take a joint next step in 
the realisation of the FTTH project. Pursuant to this agreement, the Issuer and Telenet aim to provide 
speeds of 10 Gbps across the entire footprint in time, for which there is a clear roadmap. As announced 
in October 2021, a new independent self-funding infrastructure company will be incorporated for this 
purpose (“NetCo”), of which Telenet will own 66.8% and the Issuer will own 33.2%. Combining 
Telenet’s and the Issuer’s fixed network assets, NetCo will invest in the gradual evolution of their current 
hybrid fiber coaxial (“HFC”) network infrastructure into an FTTH network. It is intended that NetCo, 
by 2038, equips 78% of all homes that are currently connectable in Flanders with FTTH, through a 
combination of own build and/or a potential collaboration with external partners. Telenet’s footprint in 
parts of Brussels and Wallonia will also be included in NetCo and be part of NetCo’s investments. The 
estimated investment of up to EUR 2 billion (excluding termination capital expenditures) will be funded 
through NetCo’s cash flow as well as additional intragroup financing facilities and will therefore not 
require any incremental external financing. Most of this investment will be done within the first eight 
years from this agreement. NetCo will also focus on upgrading the existing HFC network in areas where 
FTTH will not be deployed. This will ensure that everyone in Flanders will continue to enjoy the fastest 
and most reliable internet connection. 
On 17 November 2022, the Issuer and Telenet announced that they have been informed that the binding 
agreement between them falls within the scope of the EU Merger Regulation and hence must be notified 
for prior approval by the European Commission’s Directorate General for Competition. The European 
Commission granted clearance on 31 May 2023, and it is expected that the Issuer and Fluvius will deploy 
NetCo on 1 July 2023. 
The Issuer’s main goals in relation to the development of the “data network of the future” are: 
 
to create a fibre data network that is available to all Flemish families and businesses, both in 
urban and rural areas; 
 
to create an open network with an open structure and non-discriminatory conditions allowing full 
and free competition between service companies; 
 
to create a new data network that will, in the long term, allow even higher data speeds than today; 
and 
 
the roll-out to take place at the lowest possible social cost and in a sustainable way.  
Within the business of the Issuer, this activity will be carried out completely independently from its 
regulated energy distribution activities. 
5 
Selected Financial Information Concerning the Issuer and the Fluvius Economic Group  
5.1 
Selected historical financial information of the Issuer for the financial years ended on 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 
The following tables set out in summary form certain information from the statement of financial 
position, the income statement and the cash flow statement relating to the Issuer. The information has 
been extracted from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022.  
 
99 For the entire text of the press release, see https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-07/Telenet-and-fluvius-reached-binding-agreement-
data-network-of-the-future.pdf. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 182 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
182 
The audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2021 have been approved by the Issuer’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 
8 June 2022. The audited, consolidated financial annual statements of the Issuer as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 are put forward for approval by the Issuer’s Annual General Meeting of 
Shareholders on 24 May 2023. 
These audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS. The Issuer’s auditor delivered an unqualified report on these audited consolidated annual 
financial statements both for the year ended 31 December 2021 and for the year ended 31 December 
2022.  
Consolidated statement of profit or loss as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and for the 
years then ended

--- Page 183 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
183 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and 
for the years then ended  
 
Consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and for 
the years then ended

--- Page 184 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
184 
Consolidated cash-flow statement as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and for the years 
then ended 
 
5.2 
Selected consolidated historical financial information of Fluvius Economic Group for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and for the years then ended 
The following tables set out in summary form certain information from the statement of financial 
position, the statement of profit or loss, the statement of comprehensive income and the cash flow 
statement relating to the Fluvius Economic Group. The information has been extracted from the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group for the years ended 
(In thousands of EUR)
Notes
2022
2021
Profit for the period 
 
0
0
Amortization of intangible assets 
7, 10 
629
610
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 
7, 11 
12.490
13.023
Change in provisions (Reversal -; Recognition +) 
7, 24 
-1.321
-115
Impairment current assets (Reversal -; Recognition +) 
7, 26 
2.234
12.562
Gains or losses on realization receivables 
 
1.185
386
Net finance costs 
 
9.588
9.639
Change in fair value of derivative financial instruments 
16
-4.836
-1.867
Gains or losses on sale of property, plant and equipment 
 
-7
-7
Income tax expense 
9 
7.230
7.142
Change in inventories 
18 
-34.407
-43.820
Change in trade and other receivables 
 
27.843
76.969
Change in trade payables and other current liabilities 
 
56.638
-94.828
Change in employee benefits 
24 
1.321
115
Interest paid 
 
-106.674
-125.179
Interest received 
101.444
132.857
Financial discount on debts 
 
183
176
Income tax paid (received) 
9 
-6.499
-7.039
Net cash flow from operating activities 
 
67.041
-19.376
 
 
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 
 
7
7
Purchase of intangible assets 
 
-70
-93
Purchase of property, plant and equipment 
 
-380
-241
Proceeds from sale of companies and other investments 
 
0
100
Net investments in long-term receivables 
 
11
-89
Net cash flow used in investing activities 
 
-432
-316
 
 
Repayment of borrowings 
23 
-503.500
-503.500
Proceeds from borrowings 
23 
349.650
199.800
Proceeds from bonds/borrowings 
23 
695.381
1.191.244
Payment of finance lease liabilities 
12 
-12.884
-12.825
Change in current financial liabilities 
23 
-160.120
-87.480
Change in cash pool 
19 
132.496
193.667
Provide long-term loans 
17 
-1.051.392
-1.400.000
Repayment of borrowings 
 
500.000
500.000
Net cash flow from/used in financing activities 
 
-50.369
80.906
 
 
Net increase/decrease in cash 
 
16.240
61.214
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of period 
20 
62.904
1.690
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of period 
20 
79.144
62.904

--- Page 185 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
185 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. These consolidated statements of the Fluvius Economic 
Group have been prepared in accordance with IFRS.  
The statutory auditor of the Fluvius Economic Group has issued an unqualified opinion on both of these 
audited consolidated annual financial statements. These however contain an emphasis of matter 
paragraph which describes the specificities of the regulatory framework and tariffs and the related 
accounting treatment, as well as the uncertainties related to the balances resulting from the tariff 
settlement mechanism. 
Fluvius Economic Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss as at 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022 and for the years then ended 
 
Fluvius Economic Group’s consolidated statement of comprehensive income as at 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2022 and for the years then ended

--- Page 186 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
186 
Fluvius Economic Group’s consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022 and for the years then ended

--- Page 187 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
187 
Fluvius Economic Group’s consolidated cash-flow statement as at 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022 and for the years then ended  
 
 
 
5.3 
Financing policy of the Fluvius Economic Group  
General 
For its activities, the Fluvius Economic Group attracts financing from various sources. The Fluvius 
Economic Group primarily addresses short-term funding needs through its commercial paper 
programme as well as through various short-term revolving credit facilities. All bond and note financing 
of the Fluvius Economic Group is entered into by Fluvius System Operator and guaranteed by the

--- Page 188 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
188 
Guarantors. No third parties have granted guarantees in respect of the indebtedness of the Fluvius 
Economic Group. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not subject to any financial 
covenant, nor has it granted any security, under its financing arrangements. 
It is the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ intention to move in the long term towards a balance sheet structure 
for each individual Guarantor in which a maximum of up to 60 per cent. of their assets is financed 
through debt (for regulatory purposes calculated according to Belgian GAAP). This proportion was 
established by the VREG in its tariff methodology for the determination of the Guarantors’ distribution 
tariffs for both electricity and gas. However, for credit rating purposes and, more specifically, in order 
to maintain a favourable credit rating with the rating agencies Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. and 
Creditreform Rating AG, the Fluvius Economic Group aims to retain a sufficient level of equity on its 
balance sheet. 
As at 31 December 2022, 20.10% of the total indebtedness of the Fluvius Economic Group was directly 
incurred by the Guarantors (compared to 21.33% as at 31 December 2021). 
Long-term financing100  
The total amount of long-term interest-bearing debt of the Fluvius Economic Group that is currently 
outstanding amounts to EUR 7,293.5 million as of 31 December 2022 (compared to EUR 6,710.9 million 
as at 31 December 2021). 
The Fluvius Economic Group strives to optimise the maturity profile of its debt. The principal amounts 
and interests to be paid by the Fluvius Economic Group on its long-term financing are set out in the 
maturity profile below (situation as at 31 December 2022, taking into account the current position of 
long-term financing):  
 
Long-term financing is obtained through a broad range of financial instruments: bank loans, 
(sub)benchmark bonds, retail bonds and private placement debt instruments. Such financing enables the 
Guarantors to finance their investment and operational activities. All funds raised by the Issuer are 
entirely passed through to the Guarantors at the same conditions of maturity and interest rates.  
All bank loans are directly entered into by the DSOs themselves, after a tendering procedure carried out 
by the Issuer on their behalf. So, the amounts raised through bank loans do not figure on the Issuer’s 
statements of financial position. On the other hand, bonds and private placement debt instruments are 
issued by Fluvius System Operator and guaranteed by the Guarantors. The amounts thus raised are 
immediately passed through to the Guarantors. As a consequence, the amounts raised in bonds and 
 
100 This includes the current portion of the long-term financing.

--- Page 189 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
189 
private placement debt instruments are figuring both as a liability to bondholders and as an asset (a 
receivable, payable by the Guarantors to the Issuer) on the Issuer’s statement of financial position in the 
annual financial statements. In April 2021, the Issuer drew the first two tranches (for a total amount of 
EUR 200 million and a 7-year maturity) under a EUR 425 million credit facility granted by the European 
Investment Bank (EIB). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the remaining amount of EUR 225 million 
was not yet drawn. The proceeds are to be used to finance the investments in digital metering for 
electricity. Furthermore, in May 2022, the Issuer drew the first tranche (for an amount of EUR 150 
million and a 5-year maturity) under a EUR 350 million credit facility granted by the EIB. The remaining 
tranche of EUR 200 million was drawn on 15 November 2022, also with a 5-year maturity. The proceeds 
of these loans are to be used to finance investments in the electricity grid infrastructure in the Flemish 
Region for the purpose of supporting the energy transition. The loans with the EIB are guaranteed on a 
several and proportionate but not joint basis by the ten Guarantors with electricity distribution activities. 
Furthermore, in April 2021, the Issuer realised a private placement under the Programme for an amount 
of EUR 100 million with a 12-year maturity. Through this transaction, the Issuer was able to reduce its 
short-term financing. In June 2021, the Issuer realised an EMTN benchmark bond transaction for an 
amount of EUR 500 million with a 7-year maturity. These proceeds are to be used to finance the 
investments in gas distribution in the period 2022-2026 and to reduce the short-term financing in the 
Publi-T participation. In November 2021, the Issuer realised an EMTN benchmark bond transaction for 
an amount of EUR 600 million with a 10-year maturity. These proceeds are to be used as well to finance 
the investments in gas distribution and to reduce the short-term financing in the heating grids activity 
and public lighting activity. Furthermore, in July 2022, the Issuer realised another benchmark issuance 
for an amount of EUR 500 at a 10-year maturity; and over the course of 2022, the Issuer realised several 
private placement issuances for an aggregate amount of EUR 200 million, with varying tenors. Lastly, 
in May 2023, the Issuer realised a EUR 700 million benchmark bond at a 10-year maturity with a coupon 
of 3.875% and an issue price of 99.350%. 
 
 
A complete overview of the outstanding bonds and private placement debt instruments as at 1 June 2022 
is presented in the following table (in order of maturity). These bonds and private placement instruments 
all have a fixed interest rate.

--- Page 190 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
190 
 
The Schuldschein and Namensschuldverschreibung debt instruments mentioned in the table above are 
long-term debt instruments under German law. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Fluvius Economic Group is not in default under any covenants 
set out in long-term financing agreements. 
Short-term financing  
The Fluvius Economic Group has the benefit of various financing arrangements for a total amount of 
EUR 925 million to cater for its short-term financing needs. See the following table for more details 
(situation as at 31 December 2022): 
As at 31 December 2022, EUR 319.5 million short-term financing was outstanding (compared to 
EUR 485.2 million as at 31 December 2021).  
The Information Memorandum on the Issuer’s Commercial Paper (CP) programme dated February 2019 
is available on the Issuer’s website: https://www.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2019-11/cp-fluvius-info-
memo-2019.pdf. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Type 
E = Eandis
I = Infrax
F = Fluvius
Amount 
(€)
Settlement date Maturity date
Maturity 
(years)
Coupon 
EMTN benchmark
E
500
09/10/2013
9/10/2023
10
2.875%
EMTN subbenchmark
I
250
30/10/2013
30/10/2023
10
3.75%
Retail Bond
E
200
23/06/2017
23/06/2025
8
2.00%
EMTN benchmark
E
400
04/12/2014
4/12/2026
12
1.75%
Schuldschein 
E
50
21/09/2012
21/09/2027
15
3.50% 
EMTN Private Placement
E
54.5
28/03/2013
28/03/2028
15
3.50% 
EMTN benchmark
F
500
14/06/2021
14/06/2028
7
0.25%
EMTN benchmark
E
550
07/05/2014
7/05/2029
15
2.875%
EMTN subbenchmark
I
250
29/10/2014
29/10/2029
15
2.625%
EMTN benchmark GREEN
F
600
02/12/2020
2/12/2030
10
0.25%
EMTN benchmark
F
600
24/11/2021
24/11/2031
10
0.625%
EMTN benchmark
F
500
06/07/2022
6/07/2032
10
4.00%
EMTN Private Placement
E
50
10/07/2012
10/07/2032
20
3.95% 
EMTN Private Placement
E
5
10/07/2012
10/07/2032
20
3.95% 
EMTN Private Placement
E
55
10/07/2012
10/07/2032
20
3.95% 
EMTN Private Placement
E
25.5
10/07/2012
10/07/2032
20
3.95% 
EMTN Private Placement
E
20.5
28/03/2013
28/03/2033
20
3.75% 
EMTN Private Placement
F
100
8/04/2021
8/04/2033
12
0.81%
EMTN benchmark
F
700
9/05/2023
9/05/2033
10
3.875%
EMTN Private Placement
F
50
20/09/2022
20/09/2034
12
4.278%
Private Placement
E
95
27/10/2014
27/10/2034
20
2.60%
EMTN Private Placement
F
50
07/11/2022
7/11/2034
12
4.625%
EMTN Private Placement
F
15
15/11/2022
15/11/2034
12
4.61%
Private Placement
E
23
05/03/2014
5/03/2036
22
3.55%
EMTN Private Placement
F
50
28/10/2022
28/10/2042
20
4.778%
EMTN Private Placement
F
35
15/12/2022
15/12/2042
20
4.254%
Namensschuldverschreibung
E
50
24/06/2013
24/06/2043
30
3.50%
Private Placement
E
52
05/03/2014
5/03/2044
30
3.55%
Private Placement
E
170
27/10/2014
27/10/2044
30
3.00%
Facility 
Amount 
Counterparties 
Committed? 
Cash facility / straight 
loan 
EUR 225 million  
2 banks 
yes 
Revolving credit 
EUR 200 million  
1 bank 
yes 
Commercial Paper 
programme 
EUR 500 million  
4 banks 
no

--- Page 191 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
191 
6 
Legal and arbitration procedures  
6.1 
Legal and arbitration proceedings of the Issuer  
Legal Proceedings  
With the exception of the proceedings about the gas explosion in Wilrijk (see below), the Issuer is 
currently not involved in any other governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or have had 
in the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer. 
 
Gas explosion in Wilrijk (Antwerp): At the request of the public prosecutor’s office in Antwerp, the 
free-trial court (raadkamer) referred, on 30 September 2020, the Issuer, its CEO and its Director 
Grid Operations to the First Instance Criminal Court (correctionele rechtbank) for their possible 
involvement in the gas explosion in Wilrijk (Antwerp) on 3 September 2019. One person died and 
three people were severely injured by this explosion, and it caused considerable material damage. 
Pleadings before the First Instance Criminal Court of Antwerp took place in March 2021 and the 
Issuer argued extensively to show that the company, its managers and employees are not to blame 
for these tragic events. In April 2021, the court ruled the acquittal of both managers and the simple 
declaration of guilt of the Issuer with suspension of sentence. On 27 May 2021, the Issuer lodged 
an appeal against this judgment in respect of the declaration of guilt. A first hearing before the Court 
of Appeal took place on 18 May 2022 and it was decided to appoint an expert to provide an opinion 
on the circumstances of the explosion. A judgment is expected following the submission of the 
expert’s opinion. The appeal hearing has been postponed until the end of June 2023 to allow the 
expert more time to finalise its report. In addition, a civil procedure is also ongoing before the 
Enterprise Court in Antwerp in relation to the claims of those affected. This procedure is on hold 
until the Court of Appeal rules in the criminal case. 
 
On 14 January 2021, the Belgian Constitutional Court (Grondwettelijk Hof) struck down various 
provisions of the Decree of the Flemish Region of 26 April 2019 amending the Energy Decree of 8 
May 2009 in respect of the roll-out of digital meters and amending Article 7.1.1, 7.1.2 and 7.1.5 of 
that Decree introducing digital meters. More specifically, the Court struck down the temporary 
maintenance of the compensation mechanism (the “reversing electricity meter”) and the prosumer 
tariff. The Court further annulled the charging to grid users of the costs of installing smart meters 
and putting them into service, as well as the ability to cut off users from the electricity grid if they 
obstruct the installation of a smart meter, unless an opinion is first obtained from the Local Advisory 
Committee (LAC). Lastly, the Court held that every grid user should be able to choose to have wired 
communications to and from the smart meter rather than wireless. The annulment took effect as 
from the publication of the judgment in the Belgian State Gazette on 1 March 2021 and does not 
apply retroactively. 
The judgment has far-reaching consequences for the Issuer and other market participants. In 
conjunction with the Flemish Minister for Energy and the Flemish energy regulator VREG, the 
Issuer has decided to temporarily suspend the accelerated switch to smart meters for existing 
prosumers and not to restart it until new, approved legislation is in place. Smart meters are still being 
installed in specific situations, such as replacements for faulty meters, overcoupling with voltage 
changes, tariff changes (from single hourly tariff to time-of-use tariff), enhancements or meters 
installed on request.

--- Page 192 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
192 
The Issuer has abandoned the target of providing smart meters to all solar panel owners by the end 
of 2022. They will now be included in the accelerated geographical roll-out and will receive smart 
meters over the period from 2021 to 2029. The general targets remain in place: 80% smart meters 
by 2024 and universal smart metering by 1 July 2029. 
Prosumers who already have a smart meter, will no longer have to pay the prosumer tariff. Since 
the publication of the judgment of the Constitutional Court in the Belgian State Gazette (on 
1 March 2021), their electricity bills are based on the electricity that they actually offtake from the 
grid (including energy cost, standing charges, kWh-based taxes and VAT). They are able to obtain 
payment from their supplier for the electricity they feed in. This system also applies to new 
prosumers who joined as from 1 January 2021. 
The VREG has now adjusted the 2021-2024 distribution tariff methodology in line with the 
judgment of the Constitutional Court (VREG decision 2021-07). This change also took effect as 
from the publication date of the judgment of the Constitutional Court. 
Further discussions are still ongoing with the Flemish government and the VREG on a number of 
points, such as the specific approach to customers who claim to be sensitive to electromagnetic 
radiation. In collaboration with the VREG and the Flemish government, the Issuer is implementing 
an action plan towards grid users that refused a digital meter for unjustified reasons. This approach 
aims at the enforced instalment of a digital meter via Court order, by lack of an amicable solution. 
On 29 April 2022, the Flemish Parliament amended the Energy Decree by introducing a public 
service obligation for the electricity DSOs. The amendment provides for a premium for network 
users with decentralised generation facilities having a nominal capacity of no more than 10 kVA in 
order to compensate for the judicial annulment, by the Constitutional Court on 14 January 2021, of 
the regulation on the compensation of injection and offtake. Following this change, the VREG 
decided that the costs incurred by electricity DSOs related to this new financial public service 
obligation should also be considered exogenous costs, given their analogous character to the other 
financial public service obligations on the stimulation of RUE, the net costs of which are also 
considered to be exogenous costs.101  
Insurance Proceedings  
The Issuer is currently not involved in any insurance proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or have had in the twelve months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuer.  
6.2 
Legal and arbitration proceedings of the Guarantors  
Legal Proceedings  
The summary below gives an overview of the proceedings that may have a material impact on one or 
more of the Guarantors as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
DSOs – distribution tariffs: Zonstraal VZW is disputing the prosumer’s tariff (VREG tariff 
methodology 2015-2016). Claimant brought the case before both the Brussels’ Court of Appeal and 
the Council of State (Raad van State). The latter has declared itself competent (8 June 2017). In a 
second proceeding on the same matter (but relating to the tariff methodology 2017-2020 established 
by the Flemish energy regulator, the VREG), this time before the Markets Court (Marktenhof), the 
 
101  VREG Decision of 27 June 2022 (‘BESL-2022-60’).

--- Page 193 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
193 
Markets Court ruled on 22 November 2017 in favour of the VREG. Since this ruling, no new 
elements or evolutions have appeared. Regardless of the outcome of the proceedings, the DSOs will 
not be subject to any material adverse financial impact, since they are able to pass through any 
potential costs in the distribution grid tariffs.  
 
Proximus litigation: The Antwerp Court of Appeal ruled on 18 December 2017 on the claim for 
damages brought by the telecom operator Proximus against Interkabel and the Guarantors with 
CATV activities. Proximus’s claim was rejected by the Court of Appeal. At the end of June 2019, 
Proximus decided to file an appeal with the Court of Cassation against this judgment of the Antwerp 
Court of Appeal. Interkabel and the Guarantors involved in this case filed their conclusions to the 
Court of Cassation on 27 September 2019. Telenet also filed their conclusions. On 22 January 2021, 
the Court of Cassation ruled that the judgment of the Court of Appeal of Antwerp should be partially 
annulled. The partial annulment only relates to the point that the Antwerp Court of Appeal did not 
sufficiently justify its rejection of Proximus’s demand to annul the agreement between Telenet and 
the DSOs, but does not express an opinion on this point. In order to examine and rule on this, the 
case is referred to the Brussels Court of Appeal for a retrial on this point. The Court of Cassation 
did not annul the rejection by the Antwerp Court of Appeal of Proximus’s claim for compensation, 
which may therefore be definitively rejected. Proximus has reintroduced before the Brussels Court 
of Appeal amongst others a claim for compensation (for EUR 1.00 provisionally) for the supposed 
wrongful closure and execution of the agreement with Telenet. However, the contracts between 
Telenet and the DSOs contain an indemnity clause in favour of the relevant DSOs which limits the 
DSOs’ liability to a maximum amount of EUR 20 million in case of a negative outcome of the 
judicial proceedings. Any amounts exceeding EUR 20 million will have to be borne by Telenet. An 
amount of EUR 20 million has been recognised in the DSO accounts as a provision (this provision 
is only recognised in the Belgian GAAP accounts, not in the accounts according to IFRS). The DSOs 
filed their last conclusion on 27 February 2023. The pleading date is not yet known. 
Insurance Proceedings  
In the course of their normal activities, the Guarantors are confronted with a large number of insurance 
proceedings that are separately not material but taken all together could have a material impact on the 
financial position or profitability of one or more Guarantors. In the following paragraph an aggregated 
overview of the insurance proceedings in which at least one of the Guarantors is involved is presented. 
Note that not all of the disputes listed below have led or will lead to a legal proceeding, taking into 
account that many of them are expected to be settled amicably by agreement between the DSO and the 
end user. 
As for the period from 1 January 2022 until 31 December 2022: 
 
the Guarantors were involved in 7,094 claims of third parties, of which 108 were under 
consideration of their insurer. Claims were paid out to third parties for a total amount of EUR 
1,845,211.32; 
 
the Guarantors closed 50 cases which were pending in legal proceedings, of which 10 were under 
consideration of their insurer. Claims were paid out to third parties for a total amount of 
EUR 1,082,351.40 in relation to these closed legal proceedings; 
 
9,553 debit notes were outstanding for a total amount of EUR 8,900,913.16 and EUR 7,203,294.17 
was collected by third parties relating to property damages.

--- Page 194 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
194 
7 
Significant changes in the financial position and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantors  
7.1 
Significant changes in the financial position and prospects of the Issuer  
Trend information 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer and no material adverse 
change in the Issuer’s prospects since 31 December 2022. 
Investments 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the annual investment budgets for the period 2023-2027 are as 
follows (all figures in the table below are expressed in EUR million and represent net investments, i.e., 
the investments after deduction of the financial contribution by the end users)102:  
Activity 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
2027 
Electricity 
distribution 
831.3 
958.2 
1,084.9 
1,145.1 
1,117.0 
Gas distribution 
258.9 
248.8 
206.8 
279.2 
269.6 
Public lighting 
103.0 
126.8 
120.7 
119.7 
119.3 
Sewerage 
122.5 
138.1 
138.2 
137.5 
137.4 
CATV / FTTH 
38.8 
37.0 
36.8 
36.9 
36.8 
Heating 
25.6 
29.6 
13.1 
10.6 
8.5 
Others103 
4.4 
3.1 
5.8 
3.9 
5.1 
TOTAL 
1,384.6 
1,541.6 
1,606.3 
1,732.9 
1,693.7 
7.2 
Significant changes in the financial position and prospects of the Guarantors  
Trend information 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Guarantors and no material adverse 
change in the Guarantors’ prospects since 31 December 2022. However, reference is made to the ongoing 
negative impact of the tariff methodology for the distribution of gas and electricity, as established by the 
VREG for the tariff period 2021-2024. For more information, please refer to (i) section 1.4 – ‘The 
Issuer’s corporate credit ratings’, (ii) section 4.1.4 – ‘The regulatory tariff period 2021-2024’ of this Part 
VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’ and (iii) the risk factor entitled “Future changes to 
gas, electricity and/or sewerage tariffs or tariff methodologies, for example if these are not in line with 
the European internal energy market (if applicable), may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the 
Guarantors’ assigned credit ratings, ability to obtain funding and, hence, on their operational 
performance”. 
 
102 Please note that the annual investment budgets will be revised in December 2023.  
103  The other investments include investments in buildings, vehicles, etc.

--- Page 195 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
195 
Investments 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantors have not made any firm commitments on other 
future investments in electricity and gas in addition to those in their 2023-2032 Energy & Climate 
Transition investment plan which was approved by the VREG on 31 March 2023 (and which is subject 
to annual updates).  
8 
Statutory Auditors charged with the statutory audit 
The statutory auditor of the Issuer and each of the Guarantors is EY (EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV), represented by 
Mr Marnix Van Dooren, Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12, 9051 Ghent (Belgium). 
EY (EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV), represented by Mr Marnix Van Dooren, Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12, 9051 
Ghent (Belgium), furthermore performs the audit procedures on the financial statements of the Fluvius 
Economic Group. 
The statutory auditor for Fluvius OV is: 
EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by Mr Marnix Van Dooren 
Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12, 9051 Ghent (Belgium) 
The statutory auditor for De Stroomlijn, consolidated subsidiary of Fluvius System Operator, is: 
Figurad Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by Mr Stefaan Beirens 
J.B. de Ghellincklaan 21, 9051 Sint-Denijs-Westrem (Ghent, Belgium)  
The statutory auditor for Atrias, consolidated subsidiary of Fluvius System Operator, is: 
RdB BV, represented by Mr Renaud de Borman 
Lange Eikstraat 3, 1970 Wezembeek-Oppem (Belgium) 
The statutory auditor for Synductis, consolidated subsidiary of Fluvius System Operator, is: 
Figurad Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by Mr Stefaan Beirens 
J.B. de Ghellincklaan 21, 9051 Sint-Denijs-Westrem (Ghent, Belgium)  
The statutory auditor for Interkabel, entity within the Fluvius Economic Group, is: 
EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by Mr Marnix Van Dooren 
Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12, 9051 Ghent (Belgium) 
Each of the statutory auditors of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Issuer’s consolidated subsidiaries is a 
member of the Belgian “Instituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises”. 
9 
Trends in the markets in which the Issuer and the Guarantors are active  
9.1 
Trends identified in the Flemish Government Agreement 2019-2024, the Flemish Energy & 
Climate Plan and the “Core Activities Debate” 
Flemish Government Agreement 2019-2024 
The current Flemish Government, which took office early October 2019 for a five-year period, has 
outlined a number of objectives on energy policy in its coalition government agreement (the “Flemish

--- Page 196 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
196 
Government Agreement”)104. The items impacting the Issuer and the Guarantors are briefly set out 
below. 
As from 2021 onwards, large-scale allotment projects and large apartment buildings are only connected 
to the gas distribution grid for collective heating through CHP or in a combination with a renewable 
system as the main source of heating. Additionally, a fuel-based heating system cannot be replaced if a 
gas distribution grid is available in the street. Based on profitability calculations by Fluvius, the tariff 
methodology was amended to reflect the fact that Fluvius no longer needs to contribute to the cost for 
an extension or reinforcement of the low-pressure gas grid to connect new residential buildings, and 
limited to 19 metres from the existing gas grid for non-residential connections. 
For digital metering, the aim is to obtain a maximum roll-out in the period 2019-2024. The energy 
distributors were called upon to urgently build and implement a highly performant, cost-efficient and 
future-proof software platform for the exchange of data delivered by the digital meters installed on the 
grid, named Atrias. The Atrias software platform went live on 1 November 2021 and has been gradually 
phased in for its users until it reached full functionality on13 December 2021.  
The DSOs and the Issuer as their operating company should implement an analytical accounting system 
in which their regulated and non-regulated (energy) activities are being separated. This should enhance 
transparency and financial stability, and avoid possible cross-subsidies between activities 105 . The 
Flemish Government also announced an inquiry into the activities currently carried out by the DSOs and 
the Issuer. Their core activity should be an efficiently operated distribution grid which is able to tackle 
future challenges in an affordable way. Further simplifications in the landscape of the Flemish electricity 
and gas DSOs are also put forward. 
In public lighting, all infrastructure is switched to LED-technology by 2030 106 . Public lighting 
maintenance costs have been eliminated from the distribution grid fees. Dimming, turning off and the 
smart management of public lighting are mentioned as means to reduce light pollution.107  
DSOs will not be allowed to own, develop, manage or operate infrastructure for energy storage. 
A reform of the current certificate mechanism for green power and CHP was announced. Support 
mechanisms for sustainable biomass and biogas when injected into the gas distribution networks or when 
used for industrial or collective heat generation will be elaborated.  
As regards regulation, the Flemish Government will strive towards one single regulatory body for grid-
related infrastructure (electricity, gas, heat, cable, water, sewerage, etc.) and media.  
The development of district heating will be incentivised by evaluating, amongst other things, the relevant 
regulatory framework. The Flemish Region will support local authorities in drawing up a heat plan. The 
 
104 The full text can be consulted at https://www.vlaanderen.be/publicaties/regeerakkoord-van-de-vlaamse-regering-2019-2024. Information 
contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
105 For the avoidance of doubt, no specific deadline has been set by the legislator for the implementation of the analytical accounting system. 
Furthermore, as the analytical accounting system will be separately maintained, it is not expected to impact the comparability of the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer against its financial statements in relation to the preceding years. 
106 In the context of rising energy prices, the municipalities started looking for ways to reduce the cost of their energy consumption. Public lighting 
also came into the picture. Partly for this reason, the Issuer decided to accelerate the roll-out of LED installations for public lighting. The end 
date for the entire conversion programme was brought forward from 2030 to the end of 2028. 
107 By decision of the Flemish Government, as from 1 January 2022, the DSOs’ public service obligation of operating the municipal public 
lighting infrastructure was abolished. Consequently, the relevant costs are no longer to be borne by these DSOs (and thus integrated into the 
electricity grid tariffs), but by the municipal authorities themselves.

--- Page 197 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
197 
most cost-efficient model for building and managing district heating grids on the public domain will be 
investigated.  
For the sewerage activity, the Flemish Government plans to adapt the tariff structures for drinking water 
and wastewater. The current financing mechanisms for the municipalities and Aquafin will be amended 
as well with the aim to evolve into a more result-driven, flexible and programme-based approach 
(simplified procedures, more responsibility in the division of activities between the Flemish 
environmental agency VMM108 and the sewerage operators). Closer coordination between sewerage 
operators and other stakeholders in sewerage investments (other utilities, public domain) will be 
promoted. Sewerage asset management should be coordinated between Aquafin and the sewerage 
operators. An analytical accounting system should be implemented. 
In its climate policy, the Flemish Government formulated its ambition to substantially increase energy 
efficiency by enhancing the share of renewable and low-carbon energy sources in the total energy mix. 
Greenhouse gas emissions in Flanders should be reduced with 80% by 2050 with the ambition to reach 
complete climate-neutrality. 
The surplus costs on the end consumers’ energy bill should not increase due to this Flemish policy. Extra 
focus will be on the battle against energy poverty. The digital meter should enable the timely detection 
of budget derailments.  
Flemish Climate & Energy Plan 2021-2030 
On 9 December 2019, the Flemish Government approved the Flemish Energy and Climate Plan. This 
plan is part of the Belgian Climate and Energy Plan 2021-2030, which was submitted to the European 
Commission on 31 December 2019.  
The Flemish Energy and Climate Plan expressly mentions the Issuer in relation to its role as data provider 
and its involvement in digitalising the energy system, in upgrading and reinforcing the distribution grids 
as an answer to the growing volumes of intermittent energy and electrification. A maximum roll-out of 
digital metering is proposed for 2024 and the replacement of the classic budget meter by digital ones by 
2021. 
Other major topics relevant to the Issuer and the Guarantors are:  
 
boosting energy efficiency in the industrial, residential and transport sector; 
 
accelerating the process of renewable energy; and 
 
the digital management of energy services and technology. 
Finally, the Flemish Energy and Climate Plan also mentions that the Issuer (as well as gas transport 
company Fluxys) should reduce methane emissions in gas transport and distribution. 
Core activities debate 
Apart from the 2019-2024 Flemish Government Agreement discussed above, the Flemish authorities 
(i.e., the Flemish Government and the Flemish parliament) have engaged in the so-called “Core 
Activities Debate” (in Dutch “kerntakendebat”). The aim of this is to define what activities and which 
scope of activities the Issuer and the Guarantors can (and cannot) engage in in the future. The debate 
 
108 VMM has responsibilities in three domains: air, water and the environment. It helps in avoiding, reducing and eliminating detrimental effects 
in water systems and the atmosphere. It reports on the overall condition of the environment in Flanders and it tries to realise these objectives 
through the integral water policy.

--- Page 198 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
198 
should define what tasks are entrusted to regulated entities such as the Issuer and the Guarantors, what 
should be performed by the authorities and what is left to the commercial market. This should - in the 
view of those politically responsible - ultimately lead to a situation in which the Guarantors and the 
Issuer can concentrate themselves to a maximum degree on their core activity: managing an efficient 
distribution grid which is able to tackle tomorrow’s challenges. As such, the debate looks into the Issuer’s 
and the Guarantors’ current activities (energy distribution, public lighting, district heating, sewerage, 
CATV infrastructure, data management, fibre-to-the-home, etc.), but also into other activities, such as 
water distribution, telecom, etc.  
In line with the broad outcome of the said “Core Activities Debate” referred to above, as well as the 
implementation of rules resulting from the Clean Energy Package referred to below, the Issuer decided 
to divest a number of non-core activities, including, for example, purchase services for municipalities 
(e.g. electric/CNG vehicles), Fluvius Net services (internet, telephony, LAN), Fluvius GIS services and 
Fluvius Center (data centre). The divestment programme will be carried out in close consultation with 
the Guarantors’ shareholders and is conditional on the new operator guaranteeing the continuation of the 
service at (at least) the same financial and service conditions. Other than the satisfaction of this 
precondition, no specific timeline applies to the implementation of the Issuer’s voluntary divestment 
programme. 
In addition to this voluntary divestment programme, the Flemish Government gave its approval (on 
3 February 2023) in principle to a preliminary draft decree amending the Energy Decree with regards to 
grid management, energy efficiency and environmentally friendly energy production. This decree, once 
adopted, provides for a phasing out of the possibility for DSOs to offer energy services (ESCO/EDLB) 
to their shareholders and partners, whether or not in cooperation with the Flemish Energy Company. The 
said energy services can be offered until 31 December 2024 at the latest. Implementation of projects 
before this date may continue until 31 December 2027 at the latest. 
9.2 
Trends in the energy sector 
The main challenge identified for energy distribution grid management in Flanders and elsewhere is the 
energy transition, i.e., the switch of the energy system into a decentralised and decarbonised (and often 
also digitalised) energy system. This general trend is supported by a wide array of initiatives taken at the 
European policy level. For the Flemish DSOs (the Guarantors) and their operating company (the Issuer) 
this means that their overall role evolves from being a grid operator into being a system operator.  
Between 1996 and 2009, three consecutive legislative packages have been adopted at the European level, 
containing measures related to the liberalisation of the gas and power markets, including through the 
unbundling of transmission and distribution from other activities, open, non-discriminatory access to 
markets and networks, the transparency of the market and the market regulations, the protection of 
consumers, the improvement of interconnections and the safeguarding of a sufficient supply. In addition, 
the EU 2030 and 2050 climate-related targets have had and still have an important impact on the overall 
energy market and the investments in the sector in which the Issuer and the Guarantors are operating.  
The Issuer has identified a number of general trends in the energy sector. These can be summarised as 
follows:  
1. 
the energy landscape: synergies between utilities and the commitment of the end consumer (e.g. 
intelligent metering, storage, flexibility and demand-response);  
2. 
the energy demand and energy independence: changes in the energy mix with increasing 
electrification and a decrease in natural gas consumption, with the latter potentially offset by an 
increase in LNG, hydrogen, e-fuels and biogas consumption;

--- Page 199 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
199 
3. 
energy production: more decentralised electricity, energy sharing/communities, heat generation 
and renewable and low-carbon gas and hydrogen production;  
4. 
managing demand and supply; centralised and decentralised supply and demand management, 
flexibility and aggregation services – accounting for new players in an adapted market model;  
5. 
grid management: smart and micro grids and new technological advances in grid management; 
and  
6. 
upward pressure on energy prices and public pressure on governments to reduce them, leading to 
temporary and structural market interventions and initiatives to curb windfall profits by 
regulating prices, reducing or rolling back subsidies (“avoiding overcompensation”) etc. 
The so-called “Clean Energy Package”, adopted in 2019, which has been implemented, amongst others, 
by a Flemish Decree of 2 April 2021 (as published on 28 May 2021 with entry into force on 7 June 
2021), contains a wide range of measures to strengthen the internal energy market. For the Guarantors 
and their operating company (the Issuer), the most notable elements in this Clean Energy Package 
include the following: 
 
the proposed cooperation between DSOs at EU level through a new, to be established EU DSO 
entity, which will be tasked with, among other things, the planning of distribution networks, the 
integration of renewables, digitalisation and the cooperation with TSOs within the European 
Union; 
 
the Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on common rules for the internal 
market for electricity requires EU Member States to ensure a competitive, consumer-oriented, 
flexible and non-discriminatory electricity market organisation; 
 
dynamic electricity price contracts will be allowed, thanks to the introduction of digital metering; 
 
the distribution grids will need to be able to cope with more active consumers, since all final 
consumers will be entitled to act as active consumers, i.e., they will consume, store or self-
generate electricity; 
 
DSOs will need to facilitate flexibility, demand-response and storage under certain conditions, as 
well as the development of recharging infrastructure for electric vehicles. 
On Wednesday 14 July 2021, the European Commission took a major step towards accomplishing its 
ambitious target of making Europe the first climate neutral continent by 2050, as enshrined in the EU 
Climate Law, by adopting a package of proposals amending the EU’s climate, energy, land use, transport 
and taxation policies with a view to reducing net greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by at least 55% by 
2030 (the “Fit for 55” package). 109  A second batch of “Fit for 55” proposals was published on 
15 December 2021. The package includes, amongst other things, proposed revisions of the following 
Directives and Regulations: 
 
the Energy Efficiency Directive (Directive (EU) 2018/2002); 
 
the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive (Directive (EU) 2018/844); 
 
the Renewable Energy Directive (Directive (EU) 2018/2001); 
 
109 All proposals and the Communication are available at https://ec.europa.eu/info/strategy/priorities-2019-2024/european-green-deal/delivering-
european-green-deal_en. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 200 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
200 
 
the Energy Taxation Directive (Directive 2003/96/EC); and 
 
the Gas Market Directive (Directive 2009/73/EC) and Regulation (Regulation (EC) No 715/2009) 
(the hydrogen and gas markets decarbonisation package). 
It further includes proposals for a new Methane Emissions Regulation, a Cross-Border Adjustment 
Mechanism for imports of certain carbon-intensive goods into the EU (CBAM), a reform of the EU ETS 
and a Green Mobility Package (amending and introducing various existing and new legislation around 
transport and mobility). 
The Fit for 55 proposals are in various stages of the legislative process. On the date of this Base 
Prospectus, (provisional) political agreement has been reached, amongst other things, on the ETS and 
CBAM proposals, parts of the Green Mobility Package, the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy 
Directives. Agreement on other proposals, including the second batch, is expected still before the next 
European elections in May 2024. 
The Commission is proposing a combination of stricter regulation and emissions standards for the 
industry, carbon pricing and taxation, as well as rules to promote investment in low-carbon fuels, 
technologies and infrastructure. Although the package will affect most business sectors, the carbon-
intensive energy, transport and buildings sectors will bear the greatest brunt. As the package becomes 
law, the Guarantors and the Issuer will be impacted in terms of their tasks and obligations, in particular 
in relation to energy efficiency and the integration of renewables into the grid. 
The European Commission has in addition proposed on 8 March 2022 an outline of a plan 
(REPowerEU)110 to make Europe independent from Russian fossil fuels well before 2030, starting with 
gas, in light of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. This plan also outlines a series of measures to respond to 
rising energy prices in Europe and to replenish gas stocks for next winter (including a joint procurement 
mechanism for natural gas). Europe has been facing increased energy prices for several months, but now 
uncertainty regarding supply is exacerbating the problem. REPowerEU will seek to diversify gas 
(including LNG) supplies, speed up the roll-out of renewable gases and replace gas in heating and power 
generation. The aim is to reduce the EU’s demand for Russian gas by two thirds before the end of the 
year. 
In an attempt to marry national governments’ desire to keep energy prices under control with the EU’s 
decarbonisation goals (as they result from the Green Deal and the targets set by the EU Climate Law), 
the Commission launched a set of proposals for a reform of the European Electricity Market Design as 
part of its Green Deal Industrial Plan. The Commission’s reform proposals of 16 March 2023 aim to 
stabilise energy prices by providing more predictable long-term price signals. They also seek to empower 
consumers and suppliers to participate more actively in the power and balancing markets, amongst other 
things through demand-response and storage solutions. 
Consumers will get access to clearer pre-contractual information and have the right to lock in the price 
they pay for energy through long-term fixed contracts that suppliers will need to hedge for. At the same 
time, consumers will be able to have several power agreements in place at the same time, which should 
allow them to reap the benefits of price fluctuations (e.g. by using a variable contract for power needs 
that can be planned during low hours), while enjoying the stability of a fixed price contract for power 
needs that are less easily planned (so-called “peak shaving”). Energy sharing between consumers (e.g. 
via energy communities) will also be further encouraged. Moreover, the proposed reform brings 
 
110 See: https://ec.europa.eu/commission/presscorner/detail/en/ip_22_1511. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 201 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
201 
enhanced protection of vulnerable consumers, amongst other things, by requiring Member States to 
designate a supplier of last resort (which could be a DSO, is it is already the case in Flanders) in case a 
supplier goes insolvent, prohibiting the disconnection of consumers with payment arrears in certain 
circumstances, and allowing Member States to temporarily regulate retail prices for consumers and 
SMEs during a crisis.  
All of these measures could, if they become law, impact DSOs such as the Guarantors and their cashflows 
(positive and negative), notably in the form of extended public service obligations. For example, fixed 
subsidy schemes such as green certificates for infra-marginal (i.e. renewable) production may no longer 
be possible in the future. This could have a positive impact on the Guarantor’s cashflows in the long run, 
as they will no longer need to buy and therefore prefinance such certificates as those schemes are phased 
out. 
Decentralised Electricity Generation  
The Issuer and the Guarantors have already for a number of years been faced with a steady increase in 
the number of installations for decentralised electricity generation (e.g. solar modules, CHP, wind 
turbines and others) that are or need to be connected to the distribution grid. This puts pressure on the 
traditional design of the electricity distribution grid. As more and more end users inject electricity into 
the distribution grid themselves – rather than only being off-takers of electricity – the distribution 
network design needs to reflect and cater for a bidirectional use of the distribution network. This trend 
has also impacted the volumes of electricity being transported over the DSOs’ distribution grids. The 
Issuer has noted that the growth rate in the number of photovoltaic installations is volatile, due to a 
number of external factors such as the applicable subsidy mechanisms, public perception of solar panels 
as a sensible investment and the price development of solar installations compared to the price 
development of electricity for the Flemish end-consumers. Insufficient investments in electricity 
distribution grids might lead to insufficient capacity of these grids, associated with higher risks for fall-
outs, grid disturbances and a poorer quality of electricity delivery. 
Another important evolution is the development of offshore wind farms in the Belgian part of the North 
Sea (this relates to the future Princess Elizabeth zone for offshore wind farms bordering the French 
exclusive economic zone with a combined capacity up to 3.5GW, and potentially a third offshore wind 
zone in the long-term, under the next marine spatial plan). All his entails considerable investments, 
especially at the level of the transmission grid operated by electricity TSO Elia Transmission Belgium, 
but it also has an impact on the distribution grids operated by the Issuer.  
On 18 March 2022, the Federal Government decided on the prolongation of the two most recent nuclear 
reactors (Doel 4 and Tihange 3) for 10 years until 2035, despite earlier legislation from 2003 ordering 
the closing of all seven nuclear reactors in 2025. At the same time, the Federal Government confirmed 
its commitment to issue subsidies under the capacity remuneration mechanism for at least two gas-fired 
power plants to be operational by 2025-2026, in accordance with the results of auctions organised in 
October 2021 and October 2022, and a corrective auction organised in April 2022. On the other hand, 
an investment plan of EUR 1.2 billion has been approved in order to scale up the energy transition (a 
large chunk of which will go to offshore wind). Heads of terms have been agreed on 9 January 2023 
between the Federal Government and the operator of the Belgian nuclear park (ENGIE), concerning the 
life extension of Doel 4 and Tihange 3 and a maximum invoice for the processing of nuclear waste. 
Further negotiations are ongoing. 
The Issuer wants to be ready for these developments, both by planning and budgeting for the required 
grid modifications, as well as executing them. It has developed the following lines of action:

--- Page 202 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
202 
 
Consultation of the competent authorities in order to analyse the use and impact of stimuli for the 
optimal geographic location of large decentralised generation facilities with a view to minimising 
electricity grid expansion costs;  
 
Pro-active investments in the electricity grid where it is possible to estimate the future levels of 
decentralised generation;  
 
A step-by-step evolution of the electricity distribution grid towards a smart grid, in which 
important investments in the mid-voltage networks will be required in the short term to enable 
control of the energy flow direction. In the medium term, the realisation of a smart grid will 
require investments to enable real-time data collection. Expansive metering will allow for a better 
management of energy flows, or a so-called “smart grid”. The planning, phasing and realisation 
thereof is the subject of a study that will lead to an investment decision.  
The Issuer is currently assessing the investments needed in the medium to long term. Its long-term 
investment plans will be updated accordingly. Investments by electricity TSO Elia Transmission 
Belgium will have a direct impact on this assessment, since Elia’s investments can directly trigger 
additional investments in the distribution grid.  
Logically, and as explained in section 4 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework applicable to the 
Guarantors’, investments in the distribution grid will impact the distribution grid fee. In addition, the 
increased costs will be distributed over smaller distributed volumes of energy, since production of 
electricity is expected to happen in a much more decentralised way. The Issuer will closely monitor the 
impact of these evolutions on the overall distribution grid fee and will analyse and propose options to 
reduce sudden increases in the grid fees. To this end, the introduction of injection tariffs coupled to 
granting financial stimuli for projects that only need marginal investments for connection to the 
distribution grid, could be one way of incentivising efficient investments in decentralised electricity 
generation aiming at bringing distribution grid fees down.  
The development towards clean, electric and connected mobility 
During recent years, a clear trend became visible towards clean, electric and connected mobility. Electric 
mobility is seen as an important part of the overall energy transition towards fossil free energy 
consumption. The Issuer sees its role as facilitator via the connection of charging infrastructure to the 
electricity grid. The Belgian Government also took measures towards the fast decarbonisation of so-
called “company cars” (leased car as employee benefit) by 2026 and incentivises individuals to invest 
in home-based charge point infrastructure. The sharp increase in the number of electric vehicles in 
Flanders which is expected in the coming years will have an important impact on the investment budgets 
of the Guarantors. 
The future of gases 
The gas sector is currently characterised by rapid developments. The trend towards decarbonisation has 
an undeniable impact on the gas sector in general and gas distribution networks in particular.  
Tomorrow’s gas networks should most probably be able to inject, transport and store renewable and 
low-carbon (advanced) biogas, biomethane, green and blue hydrogen, ammonia, synthetic methane and 
possibly other forms of gas as well. An increased complementarity between gas and electricity systems 
(e.g., gas-to-power or power-to-gas applications) is high on the agenda. The Issuer points out that gases 
are an excellent means for energy storage for longer time scales (such as seasonal storage). As such, gas 
distribution can play a crucial role in the energy transition and the further development of renewable 
energy forms, of which many are by definition intermittent.

--- Page 203 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
203 
An important evolution in the gas market is the compulsory switch from low to high calorific gas, 
following a decision by the Dutch gas supplier(s) and Dutch authorities to slow down and ultimately 
completely stop deliveries of low calorific gas to the Belgian market. Such a switch requires major 
investments to adapt part of the Flemish gas distribution networks. The planning of this switch is 
coordinated by Synergrid (the federation of electricity and gas grid operators in Belgium). As per 1 May 
2023, for the area serviced by the Issuer, a conversion rate of 26.5% was reached. Taken into account 
that a number of large conversion operations will take place in 2024, a 100% conversion is expected to 
be reached on 1 September 2024.  
The Dutch authorities have announced that the 12-month period from 1 October 2021 until and including 
30 September 2022 will be the last regular year of gas production from the Groningen field111.  
Digital Metering, the Market Model and Data Management  
Metering and the management of metering data are crucial tasks in the efficient organisation of energy 
markets. A more pronounced competition in the energy markets and the drive towards more energy 
efficiency in the European Union put more demands on the distribution grids’ metering systems. As a 
consequence of the increase in decentralised electricity production, the network configuration changes 
drastically (from a waterfall principle to bidirectional distribution networks), but there is also an impact 
on the management of metering data. The above evolutions have put the introduction of digital meters 
in the limelight, because the implementation of digital (‘smart’) meters allows retrieving – at any given 
point in time – sufficient data on the actual state of the distribution grid (e.g., location and volumes of 
infeed into and offtake from the grid), which allows managing the grid in the most efficient and 
sustainable way. 
Due to the increasing importance of the energy transition and climate policy on the different businesses 
of the Issuer, the new position of “Director Energy and Climate Transition” has been created within the 
Issuer’s Executive Committee as from 1 July 2022 onwards. 
9.3 
Trends in the other business segments 
Sewerage 
The most prominent challenge for the Flemish sewerage sector is to achieve the European objectives for 
clean watercourses by 2027. This will require substantial additional infrastructure investments. The 
Flemish environmental agency VMM therefore defined technical-ecological and financial objectives for 
each municipality in 2019. The starting point for this VMM model is a cargo reduction of nitrogen and 
phosphorus based on the number of households in each municipality. Sewerage operators can prioritise 
projects and financial policy in their multi-annual programme based on the data in this VMM model. 
Furthermore, this information was and is also useful for preparing and establishing the river basin 
management plans 2022-2027. 
The Flemish Government in its Flemish Government Agreement focuses on investing in a robust water 
system (both drinking water for consumption and wastewater). The general usage of rainwater plans 
should become the norm. Making more use of rainwater and re-using wastewater are two elements in 
this general plan.  
Financing and operations in both the drinking water and wastewater sectors should, in the current 
Flemish Government’s opinion, become more efficient and effective. For that purpose, the financing 
 
111 See: 
https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/actueel/nieuws/2021/09/24/laatste-reguliere-gasjaar-winning-groningen-naar-39-miljard-kuub. 
Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 204 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
204 
mechanisms for Aquafin and the municipalities are to be reformed following a result-driven, flexible 
and programme-oriented approach. The division of tasks between VMM, the sewerage operators and 
other stakeholders (e.g., other utilities) should be better aligned. The Flemish authorities will entrust 
Aquafin with the task of coordinating water infrastructure networks from an asset management 
perspective. 
The water sector (both drinking water and wastewater) will be part of the core activities debate on 
utilities in the Flemish Region. 
Mid-2020, the Flemish Government announced its so-called “Blue Deal” to tackle the increasing water 
scarcity and drought in Flanders. This plan contains 70 measures along 6 different tracks: (i) public 
authorities give the right example and take care of appropriate regulation, (ii) circular use of water 
becomes the standard, (iii) agriculture and nature become part of the solution, (iv) sensibilisation and 
promotion of private persons towards softening of the soil, (v) increasing the security of supply and (vi) 
investing in innovation to make the water system smarter, more robust and more sustainable. An amount 
of EUR 75 million has been dedicated to the first phase of the Blue Deal implementation. The Flemish 
Government has announced to allocate an additional amount of EUR 75 million to financing measures 
within the Blue Deal framework.  
CATV 
The development of fast and reliable data networks will be a key element in the communication grid 
sector in Flanders. In this respect, the Issuer is willing to play its role as an independent and experienced 
provider of reliable networks for data transmission, as evidenced by its long-standing role as CATV grid 
operator (partly on behalf of Telenet) and as the owner/manager of its own glass fibre network. The 
Issuer proposes partnerships with other parties that should become responsible for the commercial and 
content-related side of the operations. In this respect, the Issuer issued a press release on 
28 October 2021 confirming that it had entered into a non-binding term sheet with Telenet which sets 
out the framework for the realisation of the “data network of the future” and the joint roll-out of FTTH 
technology through their joint venture NetCo, which is expected to be deployed on 1 July 2023. For 
further information, please refer to section 4.3 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework for Flemish 
CATV intermunicipalities’. 
9.4 
General trends 
For the period 2019-2024, which corresponds to the current legislative term of the Flemish Government, 
the Issuer has identified a number of policy items which are particularly relevant to the Flemish utility 
grids operated by itself on behalf of its shareholding Guarantors. All of these twelve topics touch upon 
the challenges posed by the energy transition to a greater or lesser extent. 
1. 
The Flemish regulation should allow for flexibility, enabling local flexibility markets in line with 
the free-market principle. The Issuer could then assume the role of flex data manager and thus 
safeguard the technical flexibility for the DSOs. 
2. 
The reinforcement of the active management of the distribution grids is only feasible if storage 
technology is put in place, which will align generation and consumption patterns. 
3. 
In the Issuer’s view, electric vehicles will undeniably play a vital role in tomorrow’s energy 
landscape. Facilities for the fast-recharging of e-vehicles (battery technology and charging 
infrastructure) are a crucial element in the development of this market. However, it also requires 
the availability of larger capacities on local distribution grids.

--- Page 205 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
205 
4. 
A smart capacity-based tarification system for the use of the distribution grids. In the Issuer’s 
opinion such a system better reflects the actual cost drivers in energy distribution. Capacity tariffs 
will incentivise the end-consumers to adapt their consumption and reduce peak consumption. It 
is also a fair system for allocating distribution costs between different groups of consumers. 
5. 
The Issuer is in favour of a legal and regulatory tarification mechanism that only reflects the costs 
directly related to the use of the distribution networks. Indirect costs (such as the costs incurred 
by the DSOs for public service obligations, taxes and others) should preferably be eliminated 
from the distribution grid fee. 
6. 
The future role of gas is widely discussed. The Issuer considers natural gas as a transitional energy 
source in the medium to long term, awaiting the further technical developments in renewable 
alternatives. The decision by the Dutch authorities to phase out deliveries of low-calorific gas 
(see also section 3.3 – ‘Organisation of the Belgian gas market’) triggers a specific problem for 
the Flemish gas DSOs. Appropriate and fair financing for the necessary grid adaptation should 
be implemented. 
7. 
Public lighting in Flanders should be based on energy-efficient LED-technology. Such an 
evolution allows for more opportunities for the smart management of public lighting. 
8. 
The Flemish Region should make maximum use of the available potential for district heating 
projects. A regulatory framework which clearly sets out the roles and responsibilities for all 
relevant stakeholders is an essential stepping stone towards that aim. 
9. 
The Issuer is willing to support the development of an open digital data network in Flanders.  
10. 
In sewerage, the Issuer feels that the financing mechanisms for sewerage grid investments (which 
will have to be quite substantial in the period up to 2027) should entail a partly ecological 
incentive for the rational use of water and the local storage and infiltration of rain water. Such an 
approach will alleviate the pressure on the sewerage grid system. 
11. 
The Issuer positions itself as the natural partner and the expert/catalyst for local authorities in 
their ambitions and concrete actions on climate and energy efficiency. These activities, which 
take the form of a wide array of energy-related services, are fully in line with the Issuer’s core 
activities and can create clear and substantial benefits for the Flemish society. 
12. 
Finally, an integrated vision on the multi-utility concept for grid-related utilities is absolutely 
vital. The starting point should be a customer-focused service delivery with a strong commitment 
of the local authorities (cities and municipalities). 
 
10 
Membership of professional organisations 
The Issuer is a member of Synergrid vzw, the federation of electricity and gas grid operators in Belgium.  
The Issuer is a member of the European Distribution System Operators for Smart Grids (EDSO for Smart 
Grids). The Issuer is also a member of the European Federation of Local Energy Companies (CEDEC).

--- Page 206 ---
Use of proceeds 
206 
PART VIII – USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless (i) otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) the relevant Final Terms specifies the relevant Series 
of Notes as being “Green Notes”, the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for general corporate 
purposes. 
The general corporate purposes include (i) the financing of the Guarantors’ investment programmes (capex), as 
approved by the competent regulator, in order for the Guarantors to be able to fulfil their tasks attributed to them by 
law, decree or regulation (more specifically, proceeds will be used to finance that part of the funding needs that 
exceed the Fluvius Economic Group’s auto-financing capabilities at any given point in time) and (ii) the refinancing 
of currently outstanding loans and other debt financings of the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Final Terms relating to a specific Tranche of Notes specify that the relevant Notes constitute Green Notes, the 
Issuer will apply the net proceeds from that specific issue of a Tranche of Notes exclusively to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, the Eligible Green Projects (as defined in Part IX – ‘Green Financing Framework’). 
For further information, please see Part IX – ‘Green Financing Framework’.

--- Page 207 ---
Green Financing Framework 
207 
PART IX – GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK 
1 
Introduction 
The Issuer has developed its green financing framework (the “Green Financing Framework”) to align its 
financial policy with the overall strategy of the Issuer and, in particular, with its corporate social responsibility 
(CSR) and sustainability strategy. The first edition of the Green Financing Framework, approved by the Issuer’s 
Board of Directors on 23 September 2020, was updated and revised in 2023 and approved by the Issuer’s Board 
of Directors on 8 February 2023 and on 24 May 2023. Through the Green Financing Framework, the Issuer 
aims at highlighting its important contribution to sustainable solutions for the Flemish Region at large, and its 
energy system in particular. The Issuer’s ultimate purpose is to safeguard reliable, efficient, sustainable and 
affordable utility services for the Flemish people and economy. 
This section contains a short summary of the Green Financing Framework as at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
The Green Financing Framework may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
The Green Financing Framework is in line with: 
 
the Green Bond Principles, as issued by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) (version 
June 2021, including Appendix 1 dated June 2022); and 
 
the Green Loan Principles issued by the Loan Market Association (LMA) (version February 2023). 
The Green Financing Framework also takes into consideration, where relevant and to the extent possible, the 
legislative proposal for the European green bond standard dated 6 July 2021. It may be further updated in the 
future to take into consideration the final legislative text in light of the potential amendments that may still be 
made to the original draft of the European green bond standard. Any such later amendments to the original 
legislative proposal, including the provisional agreement announced on 28 February 2023, have not yet been 
taken into consideration for purposes of the Green Financing Framework. 
In the Issuer’s view, financing instruments qualifying as green finance instruments issued under its Green 
Financing Framework are efficient tools in the transition towards a low carbon economy, a more decentralised 
energy system, as well as in climate adaptation. Such instruments are expected to support the Issuer in 
implementing its sustainability strategy. While this section, which provides an overview of certain features of 
the Green Financing Framework as at the date of this Base Prospectus, specifically addresses Notes for which 
it is specified in the relevant Final Terms that the net proceeds will be allocated to Eligible Green Projects (as 
defined below) (the “Green Notes”), the Issuer may more generally from time to time enter into or issue, as 
applicable, other instruments as referred to in its Green Financing Framework. Such other instruments include, 
without limitation, any other green bonds, green notes, green private placement instruments and/or green 
(syndicated) loans entered into or issued, as applicable, under the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework, or any 
refinancing instruments in relation to any of the aforementioned instruments (together with the Green Notes, 
“Green Finance Instruments”). For each of the Green Finance Instruments, including Green Notes, (i) the use 
of proceeds, (ii) the evaluation and selection of projects, (iii) the management of proceeds, (iv) the reporting on 
allocation and impact and (v) the external review will be carried out according to the Green Financing 
Framework. 
Pursuant to the Green Financing Framework, the Issuer intends to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
the Green Finance Instruments issued from time to time under the Green Financing Framework exclusively to 
finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, a portfolio of selected assets, projects and activities which 
especially contribute to one of the environmental objectives identified in its Green Financing Framework (such 
projects, “Eligible Green Projects”). In the context of any issue of Notes, the Issuer shall at its discretion 
determine whether an amount equal to the net proceeds of such Notes shall be applied towards the portfolio of

--- Page 208 ---
Green Financing Framework 
208 
Eligible Green Projects (and hence, whether such Notes shall qualify as Green Notes). If the Final Terms specify 
that the relevant Notes constitute Green Notes, the Issuer will apply the net proceeds from that specific issue of 
Notes exclusively to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, the Eligible Green Projects. 
2 
Use of proceeds 
Pursuant to the Green Financing Framework, the Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds 
of each issue of Green Notes to a portfolio of new and/or existing Eligible Green Projects falling within one of 
the following categories (each, an “Eligible Green Category”). 
Eligible Green 
Category 
Details 
Relevant Sustainable 
Development Goals 
Energy 
efficiency 
Investments and/or expenditures in projects that contribute to the 
reduction of electricity grid losses, and decrease direct emissions 
from distribution infrastructure, including: 
 
Installation of power control devices allowing higher 
distribution and balancing efficiency, 
 
installation of digital metering, including smart grids and 
smart meters, 
 
retrofit of electricity networks to reduce energy losses 
and improve resilience and energy efficiency of the grid, 
leading to energy savings in the electricity grid of at least 
30% 
 
Investments and/or expenditures in power grid stabilisation, 
making best use of excess electricity and ensuring effective 
utilisation of peak electricity generation. 
 
Installation of LED technology for public lighting 
 
Investments and/or expenditures in energy efficiency building 
projects, leading to energy savings of at least 30% (compared to a 
baseline before renovations) 
 
Water 
infrastructure 
 
Construction, expansion or refurbishment of the sewerage 
grid in order to transport wastewater to centralized 
wastewater treatment plants 
 
 
District 
heating 
Investments and/or expenditures for the construction and 
operation of pipelines and associated infrastructure for the 
distribution of heat, supporting a transition to a net-zero emissions 
economy, including: 
 
design, construction and operations of district heating 
grids using at least 50% renewable energy, or 50% waste 
heat, or 75% cogenerated heat, or 50% of a combination 
of such energy and heat.

--- Page 209 ---
Green Financing Framework 
209 
Clean 
transport 
 
investments and/or expenditures for the installation of EV 
charging infrastructure and electric grid infrastructure 
that support sustainable mobility and the use of zero-
emission vehicles 
 
 
Electrification of the Fluvius fleet, including the purchase 
of electric or other vehicles with a maximum emission 
intensity of 50 gram CO2e/km
 
Renewable 
energy 
Investments and/or expenditures in projects that increase the share 
of low carbon electricity generation below the threshold of 
100 gCO2e/kWh, or that support the integration of renewable 
energy into the power grid, including: 
 
 
Direct connection, or expansion of existing direct 
connection of renewable energy production units 
(including solar, wind or low carbon electricity 
generation units below the threshold of 100 gCO2e/kWh) 
to the distribution grid 
 
Construction, installation, operation and/or maintenance 
of distribution infrastructure, including: 
o transformers 
o medium-voltage and low-voltage distribution 
systems 
 
Development of energy communities 
 
Development of IT systems directly aimed at enabling 
solutions for increasing the share of renewable energy, 
e.g. ‘energy sharing’, peer-to-peer sale of renewably 
generated electricity or enhanced flexibility 
 
Equipment to increase the controllability and 
observability of the electricity system and enable the 
development and integration of renewable energy 
sources, such as: 
o sensors (including meteorological sensors for 
forecasting renewable energy production), 
o control tools (including advanced software and 
control rooms, automation of substations or 
feeders, and voltage control capabilities to adapt to 
more decentralised renewable infeed).
  
 
The use of net proceeds of Green Financing Instruments have been mapped, where relevant and possible, to the 
sustainable activities as defined in the EU Taxonomy Regulation:  
Activity 
EU Taxonomy activities considered in eligibility assessment for 
Climate Change Mitigation & Alignment objectives 
Energy efficiency 
4.9. Transmission & distribution of electricity 
Water infrastructure 
5.1. Construction, extension and operation of water collection, treatment 
and supply systems 
5.2. Renewal of water collection, treatment and supply systems 
5.3. Construction, extension and operation of wastewater collection and 
treatment 
5.4. Renewal of wastewater collection and treatment 
District heating 
4.15. District heating/cooling distribution

--- Page 210 ---
Green Financing Framework 
210 
Clean transport 
4.9. Transmission and distribution of electricity 
Renewable energy 
7.3. Individual renovation measures consisting in installation, 
maintenance or repair of energy efficiency equipment 
 
All Eligible Green Projects are located in the Flemish Region. 
3 
Process for project evaluation and selection 
The evaluation and selection of projects to be financed under the Green Financing Framework by Green Finance 
Instruments (including Green Notes) is carried out by a dedicated Green Finance Committee, consisting of 
senior representatives of the Issuer. The selection of projects as proposed by the Green Finance Committee is 
validated by the Management Committee. Project teams report the necessary information to the Green Finance 
Committee, which is responsible to review and validate the Eligible Green Projects that meet the eligibility 
criteria. 
In particular, the role of the Green Finance Committee is to: 
 
review, select, validate and monitor eligible investments and expenditures towards the Eligible Green 
Projects; 
 
identify the impact metrics that best describe the environmental benefits of the Eligible Green Projects; 
 
draft, verify and validate annual reporting to investors; 
 
monitor ongoing evolutions related to the sustainable capital markets in terms of disclosure/reporting and 
update the Green Financing Framework accordingly, when needed, in order to be in line with market 
practices; and 
 
review the Green Financing Framework to reflect any potential changes about the use of proceeds, the 
selection of Eligible Green Projects, the management of proceeds or reporting, and more broadly on the 
latest sustainability strategies and initiatives of the Issuer. 
Selected projects may include planned projects, projects in execution or completed projects for which financing 
was used not earlier than 36 months prior to the issuance of the relevant Green Financing Instrument. 
4 
Management of proceeds 
The process for the management of proceeds is handled by the Issuer’s Corporate Finance and Accounting 
teams. 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from the Green Finance Instruments (including Green Notes) will be 
deposited in the Issuer’s general account and will be earmarked for allocation to Eligible Green Projects, in 
accordance with the Green Financing Framework. All relevant information regarding (i) the amount of net 
proceeds from the Green Finance Instruments and (ii) the investments made towards Eligible Green Projects 
will be monitored and kept in the Issuer’s accounting systems. The Issuer will manage the proceeds of the Green 
Finance Instruments on a portfolio basis. 
Pursuant to the Green Financing Framework, the Issuer intends to allocate the full amount of proceeds within 
the next 24 months following the issuance of the Green Financing Instruments. As long as net proceeds from 
the issuance of a Green Financing Instrument remain unallocated, the Issuer will hold and/or invest the allocated 
proceeds, at its own discretion, in its treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or in other short-term instruments.

--- Page 211 ---
Green Financing Framework 
211 
If, for any reason, a project is no longer eligible, or in case of any major controversy affecting a project in the 
portfolio of Eligible Green Projects, the Issuer’s Green Finance Committee will substitute such projects with 
other Eligible Green Projects for an amount at least equal to such projects, as soon as an appropriate substitution 
option has been identified. 
5 
Reporting 
In relation to Green Notes, the Issuer will only report annually and until the full allocation of the proceeds of 
such Green Notes, on the allocation of these net proceeds, on a project-by-project basis. 
The allocation report will present details on: 
 
the year of investment; 
 
the aggregate amounts of investments and expenses allocated to Eligible Green Projects, along with 
examples and description of emblematic Eligible Green Projects; 
 
the balance of unallocated proceeds (if any) invested in cash, the cash pooling system within the Fluvius 
Economic Group and/or cash equivalents; and 
 
the proportion of new financing and refinancing. 
Where feasible, the Issuer will report on an annual basis on a number of environmental impact metrics directly 
associated with the projects funded by the proceeds of a Green Finance Instrument (including Green Notes) 
issued under the Green Financing Framework, during the lifetime of the outstanding Green Finance Instruments.  
The Issuer will align its reporting, to the extent possible and relevant, to market practices and the latest 
principles available, such as set out in the Handbook – Harmonised Framework for Impact Reporting, as issued 
by ICMA (June 2022). 
Reports will be available on the website of the Issuer in the section relating to its green financings. Potential 
investors should be aware that any information on this website, including any reports, will not be incorporated 
into, and will not form part of, this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms. 
6 
External review 
The Issuer has obtained a report (the “Second Party Opinion”) prepared by a second party opinion provider, 
who acts as third party reviewer of the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework and who assessed the consistency 
of the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework with its overall CSR and sustainability strategy. This provider has 
certified alignment with the Green Bond Principles (version June 2021, including Appendix 1 dated June 2022) 
developed by the International Capital Markets Association and the Green Loan Principles (version February 
2023) developed by the Loan Market Association. 
Starting one year after issuance and until full allocation of the net proceeds raised by an issuance of Green 
Notes, the Issuer will request on an annual basis external assurance on the allocation and impact of the Green 
Notes issued under the Green Financing Framework. The Second Party Opinion is available on the website of 
the Issuer in the section relating to its green financings and contains the following liability disclaimer: “Neither 
ISS or ICS will have any liability in connection with the use of these Second Party Opinions, or any information 
provided therein”. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
7 
Amendments, supplements and replacements 
The Green Financing Framework and Second Party Opinion may be amended, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time. Potential investors should be aware that the Green Financing Framework is not incorporated into,

--- Page 212 ---
Green Financing Framework 
212 
and does not form part of, and that the Second Party Opinion will not be incorporated into, and will not form 
part of, this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 213 ---
Taxation 
213 
PART X – TAXATION 
The tax legislation in force in the jurisdiction of a potential investor, in the country of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
(i.e., Belgium) and in any other relevant jurisdiction may have an impact on the income which may be received from 
the Notes. The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Belgium as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law, potentially with a retroactive effect. The following overview 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision 
to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. Investors should appreciate that, as a result of changing law 
or practice, the tax consequences may be otherwise than as stated below. Investors should consult their professional 
advisers on the possible tax consequences of subscribing for, purchasing, holding or selling the Notes under the laws 
of their countries of citizenship, residence, ordinary residence or domicile. 
Investors should also note that the appointment by an investor in Notes, or any person through which an investor 
holds Notes, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Notes in any jurisdiction may have 
tax implications. Each prospective Noteholder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax adviser as to the 
Belgian tax consequences of any investment in, or ownership and disposition of, the Notes or that of any other 
relevant jurisdiction. 
BELGIUM 
The following is a general description of the main Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or 
disposing of the Notes. It is restricted to the matters of Belgian taxation stated herein and is intended neither as tax 
advice nor as a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax consequences associated with or resulting from any of 
the aforementioned transactions. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers concerning the 
detailed and overall tax consequences of subscribing for, acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or disposing of the 
Notes, including under the laws of their countries of citizenship, residence, ordinary residence or domicile. 
The summary provided below is based on the information provided in this Base Prospectus and on Belgium’s tax 
laws, regulations, resolutions and other public rules with legal effect, and the interpretation thereof under published 
case law, all as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and with the exception of subsequent amendments with 
retroactive effect. 
General 
For the purpose of the following general description, a Belgian resident is: (a) an individual subject to Belgian 
personal income tax (personenbelasting/impôt des personnes physiques) (i.e., an individual who has his domicile in 
Belgium or has his seat of wealth in Belgium, or a person assimilated to a Belgian resident), (b) a legal entity subject 
to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés) (i.e., a company that has its principal 
establishment or effective place of management in Belgium and which is not excluded by law of the Belgian 
corporate income tax), (c) an Organisation for Financing Pensions subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e., a 
Belgian pension fund incorporated under the form of an Organisation for Financing Pensions) or (d) a legal entity 
subject to Belgian legal entities tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales) (i.e., an entity other than 
a legal entity subject to corporate income tax having its principal establishment or its effective place of management 
in Belgium). A Belgian non-resident is any person or entity that is not a Belgian resident. 
Belgian Withholding Tax 
All payments by or on behalf of the Issuer of interest on the Notes are in principle subject to Belgian withholding tax 
on the gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30 per cent. Both Belgian domestic tax law and applicable 
tax treaties may provide for lower or zero rates subject to certain conditions and formalities.

--- Page 214 ---
Taxation 
214 
In this regard and for the purpose of the following paragraphs, “interest” means (i) the periodic interest income, (ii) 
any amount paid by, or on behalf of, the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether 
or not at maturity, or upon purchase by the Issuer) and (iii) if the Notes qualify as fixed income securities pursuant 
to Article 2, § 1, 8° of the Belgian code on income tax of 1992 (Wetboek van de inkomstenbelastingen 1992/Code 
des impôts sur les revenus 1992, the “BITC 1992”), in case of a disposal of the Notes between two interest payment 
dates to any third party, excluding the Issuer, the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the detention period. 
However, payments of interest and principal under the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer may be made without 
deduction of withholding tax in respect of the Notes if and as long as at the moment of payment or attribution of 
interest they are held by certain eligible investors (the “Eligible Investors”, see hereinafter) in an exempt securities 
account (an “X Account”) that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant (a 
“Participant”) in the NBB-SSS. Euroclear, Euroclear France, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD are directly or indirectly Participants for this purpose. 
Holding the Notes through the NBB-SSS enables Eligible Investors to receive gross interest income on their Notes 
and to transfer Notes on a gross basis. 
Participants to the NBB-SSS must enter the Notes which they hold on behalf of Eligible Investors in an X Account 
and those they hold for the account of non-Eligible Investors in a non-exempt securities account (an “N Account”). 
Payments of interest made through X Accounts are free of Belgian withholding tax; payments of interest made 
through N Accounts are subject to a Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent., which the NBB deducts from the 
payment and pays over to the Belgian tax authorities. 
Eligible Investors are those listed in article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of 
withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende 
voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification du précompte mobilier) which 
include, inter alia: 
(i) 
Belgian companies subject to Belgian corporate income tax as referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, b) of the BITC 
1992; 
(ii) 
institutions, associations or companies specified in Article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 on the control of 
insurance companies other than those referred to in (i) and (iii) subject to the application of Article 262, 1° 
and 5° of the BITC 1992; 
(iii) 
state regulated institutions (parastatale instellingen/institutions parastatales) for social security, or 
institutions which are assimilated therewith, provided for in Article 105, 2º of the royal decree implementing 
the BITC 1992 (koninklijk besluit tot uitvoering van het wetboek inkomstenbelastingen 1992/arrêté royal 
d’exécution du code des impôts sur les revenus 1992), the “RD/BITC 1992”; 
(iv) 
non-resident investors whose holding of the Notes is not connected to a professional activity in Belgium, 
referred to in Article 105, 5º of the RD/BITC 1992; 
(v) 
Belgian qualifying investment funds, recognised in the framework of pension savings, provided for in Article 
115 of the RD/BITC 1992; 
(vi) 
taxpayers provided for in Article 227, 2º of the BITC 1992 which have used the income generating capital 
for the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium and which are subject to non-resident income tax 
pursuant to Article 233 of the BITC 1992; 
(vii) 
the Belgian State in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in accordance with 
Article 265 of the BITC 1992;

--- Page 215 ---
Taxation 
215 
(viii) 
collective investment funds (such as investment funds (beleggingsfondsen/fonds de placement)) governed 
by foreign law which are an indivisible estate managed by a management company for the account of the 
participants, provided the fund units are not offered publicly in Belgium or traded in Belgium;  
(ix) 
Belgian resident corporations, not provided for under (i) above, when their activities exclusively or 
principally consist of the granting of credits and loans; and 
(x) 
only for the income from debt securities issued by legal persons that are part of the sector of public 
authorities, in the sense of the European system of national and regional accounts (ESA), for the application 
of the European Community Rule N° 3605/93 of 22 November 1993 on the application of the Protocol on 
the procedure in case of excessive deficits attached to the Treaty of the European Communities, the legal 
entities that are part of the aforementioned sector of public authorities. 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident investors who are individuals or Belgian non-profit 
making organisations, other than those mentioned under (ii) and (iii) above. 
The above categories only summarise the detailed definitions contained in Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 
26 May 1994, as amended, to which investors should refer for a precise description of the relevant eligibility rules. 
Transfers of Notes between an X Account and an N Account give rise to certain adjustment payments on account of 
withholding tax: 
 
A transfer from an N Account (to an X Account or an N Account) gives rise to the payment by the transferor 
non-Eligible Investor to the NBB of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest calculated from the 
last interest payment date up to the transfer date. 
 
A transfer (from an X Account or an N Account) to an N Account gives rise to the refund by the NBB to the 
transferee non-Eligible Investor of an amount equal to withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest 
calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date. 
 
Transfers of Notes between two X Accounts do not give rise to any adjustment on account of withholding tax. 
Upon opening of an X Account for the holding of Notes, the Eligible Investor is required to provide the Participant 
with a statement of its eligible status on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance and send it to the 
Participant to the NBB-SSS where this X Account is kept. There are no ongoing declaration requirements for Eligible 
Investors save that they need to inform the Participants of any changes to the information contained in the statement 
of their tax eligible status. 
Participants are required to annually provide the NBB with listings of investors who have held an X Account during 
the preceding calendar year. 
An X Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an “Intermediary”) in respect of Notes that 
the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the “Beneficial Owners”), provided that each Beneficial Owner 
is an Eligible Investor. In such a case, the Intermediary must deliver to the Participant a statement on a form approved 
by the Belgian Minister of Finance confirming that (i) the Intermediary is itself an Eligible Investor and (ii) the 
Beneficial Owners holding their Notes through it are also Eligible Investors. The Beneficial Owner is also required 
to deliver a statement of its eligible status to the Intermediary. 
These identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in central securities depositaries as defined in Article 
2, first paragraph, (1) of the Regulation (EU) N° 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 
2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and amending 
Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012 (“CSD”), acting as Participants to the NBB-
SSS (each, a “NBB-CSD”), provided that the relevant NBB-CSD only holds X Accounts and that they are able to 
identify the Noteholders for whom they hold Notes in such account. For the identification requirements not to apply,

--- Page 216 ---
Taxation 
216 
it is furthermore required that the contracts which were concluded by the relevant NBB-CSDs acting as Participants 
include the commitment that all their clients, holder of an account, are Eligible Investors. Hence, these identification 
requirements do not apply to Notes held in Euroclear, Euroclear France, Clearstream, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD or any other NBB-CSD, provided that (i) they only hold X Accounts, (ii) they 
are able to identify the Noteholders for whom they hold Notes in such account and (iii) the contractual rules agreed 
upon by them include the contractual undertaking that their clients and account owners are all Eligible Investors. 
Please refer to Part V – ‘Settlement’, for further information on the current NBB-CSDs. 
In accordance with the NBB-SSS, a Noteholder who is withdrawing Notes from an X Account will, following the 
payment of interest on those Notes, be entitled to claim an indemnity from the Belgian tax authorities of an amount 
equal to the withholding on the interest payable on the Notes from the last preceding Interest Payment Date until the 
date of withdrawal of the Notes from the NBB-SSS. 
Belgian income tax 
(a) 
Belgian resident individuals 
For Belgian resident individuals, i.e., natural persons who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(personenbelasting/impôt des personnes physiques) and who hold the Notes as a private investment, the 
interest payments will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. Belgian withholding tax. Such withholding tax 
constitutes the final taxation, fully discharging them from their personal income tax liability with respect to 
these interest payments. This means that these Belgian resident individuals do not have to declare interest in 
respect of the Notes in their personal income tax return, provided that withholding tax has effectively been 
levied on the interest. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest in respect of the Notes in their personal 
income tax return. Interest income which is declared in this way will in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30 
per cent. (or at the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s) taking into account the taxpayer’s other 
declared income, whichever is more beneficial). If the interest payment is declared, the Belgian withholding 
tax levied may be credited and may even be refundable. 
If no Belgian withholding tax is withheld, the interest received (after deduction of any non-Belgian 
withholding tax) must be declared in the personal income tax return and will be taxed at a flat rate of 30% (or 
at the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s) taking into account the taxpayer’s other declared 
income, whichever is more beneficial). 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, except to the extent the tax 
authorities can prove that the capital gains are realised outside the scope of the normal management of one’s 
private estate or unless (and to the extent that) the capital gains qualify as interest (as described in section 
“Belgian Withholding Tax” above). Capital losses realised on the disposal of the Notes held as a non-
professional investment are in principle not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private investment. 
(b) 
Belgian resident companies 
Interest attributed or paid to corporations which are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., which are subject 
to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés), as well as capital gains realised 
upon the disposal of Notes are taxable at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of in principle 25 per cent. 
(with a reduced rate of 20 per cent. applying to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable income of 
qualifying small companies as defined by article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code).

--- Page 217 ---
Taxation 
217 
Any Belgian withholding tax retained by or on behalf of the Issuer will, subject to certain conditions, be 
creditable against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount will in principle be refundable, all in 
accordance with the applicable legal provisions. 
Capital losses realised upon the disposal of the Notes are in principle tax deductible. 
Different tax rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, such as investment companies within 
the meaning of Article 185bis BITC 1992. 
(c) 
Belgian legal entities 
For Belgian legal entities subject to Belgian legal entities tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôts des personnes 
morales), the withholding tax on interest will constitute the final tax in respect of such income. 
Belgian legal entities which do not qualify as Eligible Investors and/or which do not hold the Notes through 
an X Account in the NBB-SSS will generally be subject to the Belgian withholding tax at a rate of 30 per 
cent. This tax constitutes the final levy for them and, in principle, fully discharges their income tax liability. 
Belgian legal entities that qualify as Eligible Investors and that consequently have received gross interest 
income without deduction for or on account of Belgian withholding tax, due to the fact that they hold the 
Notes through an X Account with the NBB-SSS, are required (if such entities cannot invoke a final 
withholding tax exemption) to declare and pay the 30 per cent. withholding tax to the Belgian tax authorities 
themselves (which withholding tax then generally also constitutes the final taxation in the hands of the 
relevant investors). These legal entities are advised to consult their own tax advisors in this respect. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains qualify as 
interest (as described in “Belgian Withholding Tax” above). Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. 
(d) 
Organisations for Financing Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions (Organismen voor de Financiering 
van Pensioenen/Organismes de Financement de Pensions) in the meaning of the Law of 27 October 2006 on 
the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision (wet van 27 oktober 2006 
betreffende het toezicht op de instellingen voor bedrijfspensioenvoorzieningen/loi du 27 octobre 2006 relative 
au contrôle des institutions de retraite professionnelle), are in principle exempt from Belgian corporate 
income tax. Capital losses are in principle not tax deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian 
withholding tax that has been levied can be credited against any corporate income tax due and any excess 
amount is in principle refundable. 
(e) 
Belgian non-residents 
Non-residents who use the Notes to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a Belgian permanent 
establishment, are in principle subject to practically the same tax rules as the Belgian resident companies (see 
above). 
Noteholders who are not residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes, who are not holding the Notes through 
a permanent establishment in Belgium and who do not invest in the Notes in the course of their Belgian 
professional activity, will in principle not become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains by 
reason only of the acquisition, ownership, redemption or disposal of the Notes, provided that they qualify as 
Eligible Investors and that they hold their Notes in an X Account. 
(f) 
Inheritance duties 
No Belgian inheritance duties will be levied in respect of the Notes if the deceased Noteholder was not a 
Belgian resident at the time of his or her death.

--- Page 218 ---
Taxation 
218 
Tax on securities accounts 
Pursuant to the Belgian Law of 17 February 2021 on the introduction of an annual tax on securities accounts, an 
annual tax is levied on securities accounts with an average value, over a period of twelve consecutive months starting 
on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, higher than EUR 1,000,000. 
The tax is equal to 0.15 per cent. of the average value of the securities accounts during a reference period. The 
reference period normally runs from 1 October to 30 September of the subsequent year. The taxable base is 
determined based on four reference dates: 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September. The amount of the 
tax is limited to 10 per cent. of the difference between the taxable base and the threshold of EUR 1 million.  
The tax targets securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective as to 
whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is established or located in Belgium or abroad. 
The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-residents individuals, companies and legal entities with a 
financial intermediary established or located in Belgium. Belgian establishments from Belgian non-residents are 
however treated as Belgian residents for purposes of the annual tax on securities accounts so that both Belgian and 
foreign securities accounts fall within the scope of this tax. 
Each securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a securities account, each holder is jointly 
and severally liable for the payment of the tax and each holder may fulfil the declaration requirements for all holders.  
There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for their own 
account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and foreign 
central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in article 198/1, §6, 12° of 
the Belgian Income Tax Code, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as defined by Article 1, §3 of the Law 
of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and investment companies and (iv) the investment 
companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 October 2016 on access to the activity of investment services 
and on the legal status and supervision of portfolio management and investment advice companies, which are, 
pursuant to national law, admitted to hold financial instruments for the account of customers. 
The annual tax on securities accounts is in principle due by the financial intermediary established or located in 
Belgium. Otherwise, the annual tax on securities accounts needs to be declared and is due by the holder of the 
securities accounts itself, unless the holder provides evidence that the annual tax on securities accounts has already 
been withheld, declared and paid by an intermediary which is not established or located in Belgium. In that respect, 
intermediaries located or established outside of Belgium could appoint an annual tax on securities accounts 
representative in Belgium. Such a representative is then liable towards the Belgian Treasury (Thesaurie/Trésorerie) 
for the annual tax on securities accounts due and for complying with certain reporting obligations in that respect. If 
the holder of the securities accounts itself is liable for reporting obligations (e.g. when a Belgian resident holds a 
securities account abroad with an average value higher than EUR 1,000,000), the deadline for filing the tax return 
for the annual tax on securities accounts corresponds with the deadline for filing the annual tax return for personal 
income tax purposes electronically, irrespective whether the Belgian resident is an individual or a legal entity. In the 
latter case, the annual tax on securities accounts must be paid by the taxpayer on 31 August of the year following the 
year on which the tax was calculated, at the latest. 
Anti-abuse provisions, retroactively applying from 30 October 2020, were initially also introduced: a rebuttable 
general anti-abuse provision and two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions. However, on 27 October 2022, the 
Constitutional Court annulled (i) the two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions and (ii) the retroactive effect of 
the rebuttable general anti-abuse provision, meaning that the latter provision can only apply as from 26 February 
2021. The other provisions of the law of 17 February 2021 were not considered to be unconstitutional.

--- Page 219 ---
Taxation 
219 
Prospective investors are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the tax on securities 
accounts.  
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
No tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les opérations de bourse) will be due on 
the issuance of the Notes (primary market transaction). 
A tax on stock exchange transactions will in principle be levied on the acquisition and disposal and any other 
acquisition or transfer for consideration of Notes on the secondary market if (i) entered into or carried out in Belgium 
through a professional intermediary or (ii) deemed to be entered into or carried out in Belgium, which is the case if 
the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, either by private 
individuals with habitual residence (gewone verblijfplaats/residence habituelle) in Belgium, or legal entities for the 
account of their seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a “Belgian Investor”). 
The tax is due at a rate of 0.12 per cent on each acquisition and disposal separately (hence, the tax is due separately 
from each party to any such transaction, i.e., the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee)), with a maximum 
amount of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party, both collected by the professional intermediary.  
However, if the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax on the stock exchange transactions will in 
principle be due by the Belgian Investor (who will be responsible for the filing of a stock exchange tax return and 
for the timely payment of the amount of stock exchange tax due), unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate that 
the tax on the stock exchange transactions has already been paid by the professional intermediary established outside 
Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign professional intermediary also has to provide each client (which gives such 
intermediary an order) with a qualifying order statement (borderel/bordereau), at the latest on the business day after 
the day on which the relevant transaction was realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series 
and duplicates must be retained by the financial intermediary. A duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent day-
to-day listing, numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside Belgium could 
appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (“Stock 
Exchange Tax Representative”). In such case, the Stock Exchange Tax Representative would then be jointly liable 
towards the Belgian Treasury to pay the tax on stock exchange transactions and to comply with the reporting 
obligations in that respect. If such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative has paid the tax on stock exchange 
transactions, the Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be required to pay the tax on stock exchange 
transactions. 
However, no tax on stock exchange transactions will be payable by exempt persons acting for their own account 
including investors who are not Belgian residents, provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary in 
Belgium confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional investors as defined in Article 126.1, 
2° of the code of miscellaneous duties and taxes (wetboek diverse rechten en taksen/code des droits et taxes divers). 
As stated below, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial 
transactions tax (the “FTT”) for an enhanced cooperation in the area of financial transactions tax. The proposal 
currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member States shall not maintain or 
introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 
2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock 
exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. Since 2019, participating Member 
States are discussing a new FTT proposal. According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal (submitted by the 
German government), the FTT would not apply to straight notes. The FTT proposal is still subject to negotiation 
between the participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any time.

--- Page 220 ---
Taxation 
220 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive 
for a common financial transactions tax in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “Participating Member States”). In December 2015, Estonia withdrew from 
the group of Participating Member States. 
The Commission’s Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, 
however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party is 
a financial institution (or a financial institution acting in the name of a party) established in a Participating Member 
State (or deemed to be so) and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial institution 
may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
In 2019, Finance Ministers of the Member States participating in the enhanced cooperation indicated that they were 
discussing a new FTT proposal based on the French model of the tax and the possible mutualisation of the tax as a 
contribution to the EU budget.  
According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal (submitted by the German government), the FTT would be 
levied at a rate of at least 0.2 per cent. of the consideration for the acquisition of ownership of shares (including 
ordinary and any preference shares) admitted to trading on a trading venue or a similar third country venue, or of 
other securities equivalent to such shares (“Financial Instruments”) or similar transactions (e.g. an acquisition of 
Financial Instruments by means of an exchange of Financial Instruments or by means of a physical settlement of a 
derivative). Only transactions with Financial Instruments that have been issued by a company, partnership or other 
entity whose registered office is established within one of the Participating Member States and with a market 
capitalisation of at least EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding the respective transaction would be 
covered. The FTT would be payable to the Participating Member State in whose territory the issuer of a Financial 
Instrument has established its registered office. According to the latest draft of the new FTT proposal, the FTT would 
not apply to straight bonds. Like the Commission’s Proposal, the latest draft of the new FTT proposal also stipulates 
that once the FTT enters into force, the Participating Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial 
transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on 
the common system of value added tax). However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the 
Participating Member States. Therefore, it may be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which also 
remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate and/or other Participating Member States 
may decide to withdraw. 
In any event, the European Commission declared that, if there was no agreement between the Participating Member 
States by the end 2022, it would endeavour to propose a new own resource, based on a new FTT, by June 2024 in 
view of its introduction by 1 January 2026, as also set out in the Council Regulation laying down the Multi-annual 
Financial Framework for the years 2021 to 2027. 
Prospective Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the consequences of the FTT associated 
with the subscription, purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION – COMMON REPORTING STANDARD (CRS) 
Following recent international developments, the exchange of information will be governed by the Common 
Reporting Standard (“CRS”).

--- Page 221 ---
Taxation 
221 
On 22 November 2022, 119 jurisdictions signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (“MCAA”), which 
is a multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the 
subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications. 
49 jurisdictions, including Belgium, have committed to a specific and ambitious timetable leading to the first 
automatic information exchanges in 2017, relating to income year 2016 (“early adopters”). 51 jurisdictions have 
committed to exchange information as from 2018, two jurisdictions as from 2019, three jurisdictions as from 2020, 
three jurisdictions as from 2021, two jurisdictions as from 2022, six jurisdictions as from 2023, three jurisdictions as 
from 2024 and three jurisdictions as from 2025. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence 
standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account 
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income 
generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable 
accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal 
residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report on 
the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in direct 
taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as foreseen in CRS. 
DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU. 
The Belgian government has implemented DAC2, respectively the CRS, pursuant to the law of 16 December 2015 
regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial institutions and by the Belgian tax 
administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on an international level and for tax purposes 
(the “Law of 16 December 2015”). 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies in Belgium 
(i) as of financial year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States (including Austria, 
irrespective of the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria towards other EU Member States is 
only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of financial year 2014 (first information exchange in 2016) towards 
the US and (iii) with respect to any other jurisdictions that have signed the MCAA, as of the respective date to be 
determined by Royal Decree. In a Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, as amended, it has been determined that the 
automatic exchange of information has to be provided as from (i) 2017 (for the 2016 financial year) for a first list of 
18 jurisdictions, (ii) as from 2018 (for the 2017 financial year) for a second list of 44 jurisdictions, (iii) as from 2019 
(for the 2018 financial year) for a third list of one jurisdiction and (iv) as from 2020 (for the 2019 financial year) a 
fourth list of six jurisdictions. 
The Notes are subject to DAC2 and the Law of 16 December 2015. Under DAC2 and the Law of 16 December 2015, 
Belgian financial institutions holding the Notes for tax residents in another CRS contracting state shall report 
financial information regarding the Notes (e.g. in relation to income and gross proceeds) to the Belgian competent 
authority, which shall communicate the information to the competent authority of the state of the tax residence of the 
beneficial owner. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
“FATCA”, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes (“Foreign Passthru Payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Belgium) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United

--- Page 222 ---
Taxation 
222 
States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as 
the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the 
date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining Foreign Passthru Payments are published in 
the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and 
have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date 
on which final regulations defining “Foreign Passthru Payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally 
would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 223 ---
Subscription and sale 
223 
PART XI – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Belfius Bank SA/NV, BNP Paribas 
Fortis SA/NV and BNP Paribas (the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be 
agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, the Dealers are set out in a Programme Agreement dated on or 
about 6 June 2023 (the “Programme Agreement”) and made between the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers. If 
in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantors 
and a single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of 
distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as “Non-Syndicated” and the name of that Dealer and any 
other interest of that Dealer which is material to the issue/offer of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment 
of that Dealer will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of 
distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantors and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be 
issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant 
Final Terms as “Syndicated”, the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several 
and the names and addresses of those Dealers and any other interest of any of those Dealers which is material to the 
issue/offer of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those 
Dealers has also been appointed to act as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at 
which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) 
payable or allowed by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Programme Agreement makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes 
in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the Guarantees 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each of the 
Dealers has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, except 
as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes and the Guarantees within the 
United States or to U.S. persons. In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of any offering, an offer or sale 
of the Notes and the Guarantees from that offering within the United States by any dealer whether or not participating 
in the offering may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the 
purposes of this provision:

--- Page 224 ---
Subscription and sale 
224 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
Prospectus Regulation public offer selling restriction 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant 
to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the 
date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.

--- Page 225 ---
Subscription and sale 
225 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 2000 and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue 
of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 2000 by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 
of the FSMA 2000) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA 2000 does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantors; and  
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 2000 with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Belgium 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to Consumers” as “Applicable”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not advertised, offered, sold, delivered or otherwise made available and will not 
advertise, offer, sell, deliver or otherwise make available, directly or indirectly, Notes to any Consumers in Belgium, 
and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, any prospectus,

--- Page 226 ---
Subscription and sale 
226 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, 
to any Consumer in Belgium.  
For these purposes, a “Consumer” has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended 
(Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, any natural 
person resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, 
offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, “resident of Japan” means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Eligible investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “X-only Issuance” as “Applicable”, the Notes may be held only 
by, and transferred only to, eligible investors referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994, 
holding their securities in an exempt securities account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a 
direct or indirect participant in the NBB-SSS. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons 
into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantors and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any 
related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Belgium and 
Japan, as set out in the specific selling restrictions included above.  
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in 
official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without 
prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant only to 
a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 227 ---
Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
227 
PART XII – IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF 
NOTES 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an exemption from 
the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation (“Non-exempt Offers”) in 
each Member State for which the Issuer has given its consent referred to in the relevant Final Terms (each, a “Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdiction” and together, the “Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions”). Any person making or intending 
to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer’s consent 
(see “Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation” below) and provided such person 
complies with the conditions attached to that consent. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who purchases any 
Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made 
during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by any 
offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection 
with any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised 
and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers accepts any responsibility or liability 
in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, 
the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purpose 
of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can 
rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, the Investor should take legal advice. 
Consent 
The Issuer consents and (in connection with paragraph (iv) below) offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base 
Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of a 
Tranche of Notes in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions specified in the relevant Final Terms during the Offer Period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms by: 
Specific consent 
(i) 
the Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the relevant Final Terms and whose name is 
published on the website of the Issuer (https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations) and identified as 
an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; 
General consent 
(iv) 
if General Consent is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, any other financial intermediary 
which (a) is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II and (b) accepts such offer by publishing on its 
website the following statement (with the information in square brackets duly completed with the relevant 
information) (the “Acceptance Statement”):

--- Page 228 ---
Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
228 
“We, [specify name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [specify title of Notes] (the “Notes”) 
described in the Final Terms dated [specify date] (the “Final Terms”) published by Fluvius System 
Operator CV (the “Issuer”). In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base 
Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in [specify relevant 
Member State(s)] during the Offer Period in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in 
the Base Prospectus), we accept the offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we are authorised under Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended, to make, and are using the Base Prospectus in connection with, the Non-exempt 
Offer accordingly. Terms used herein and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such 
terms in the Base Prospectus.” 
The “Authorised Offeror Terms” are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(a) 
acts in accordance with, and will be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”) from time to time 
including, without limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability 
of any investment in the Notes by an Investor and disclosure to any potential Investor; 
(b) 
complies with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” in this Base Prospectus which 
would apply as if it were a relevant Dealer; 
(c) 
considers the relevant manufacturer’s target market assessment and distribution channels identified 
under the “MiFID II product governance” legend set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
(d) 
ensures that any fee, commission, benefits of any kind, rebate received or paid by that financial 
intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does not violate the Rules and is fully and 
clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
(e) 
holds all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of 
interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; 
(f) 
complies with, and takes appropriate steps in relation to, applicable anti-money laundering, anti-
bribery, prevention of corruption and “know your client” Rules, and does not permit any application 
for Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the 
application monies; 
(g) 
retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable Rules, 
and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the Rules, make such records available to the 
relevant Dealer and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-
money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” Rules applying to the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer; 
(h) 
does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to breach any Rule or subject 
the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or 
consent in any jurisdiction; 
(i) 
immediately gives notice to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes aware or 
suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules or the Authorised Offeror Terms, and takes all 
appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules and the Authorised Offeror 
Terms in all respects; 
(j) 
does not give any information other than that contained in this Base Prospectus (as may be amended 
or supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) or make any representation in connection with the 
offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest in, the Notes;

--- Page 229 ---
Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
229 
(k) 
agrees that any communication in which it attaches or otherwise includes any announcement published 
by the Issuer at the end of the Offer Period will be consistent with the Base Prospectus, and (in any 
case) must be fair, clear and not misleading and in compliance with the Rules and must state that such 
Authorised Offeror has provided it independently from the Issuer and must expressly confirm that the 
Issuer has not accepted any responsibility for the content of any such communication; 
(l) 
does not use the legal or publicity names of the relevant Dealer, the Issuer, any Guarantor or any other 
name, brand or logo registered by any entity within their respective groups or any material over which 
any such entity retains a proprietary interest or in any statements (oral or written), marketing material 
or documentation in relation to the Notes;  
(m) 
agrees to any other conditions set out in paragraph 8(ii) of Part B of the relevant Final Terms; 
(n) 
agrees and accepts that the Guarantors and the Dealers will be entitled to enforce those provisions of 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary, formed upon acceptance by the financial 
intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use of the Base Prospectus with its consent in connection with the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer, which are, or are expressed to be, for their benefit, including the 
agreements, representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnity given by the financial 
intermediary pursuant to the Authorised Offeror Terms;  
(o) 
will co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant information and such 
further assistance as is reasonably requested upon written request from the Issuer or the relevant Dealer 
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time frame set by any 
such regulator or regulatory process. For this purpose, relevant information is information that is 
available to, or can be acquired by, the relevant financial intermediary: 
(A) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in relation to the Notes, the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and/or 
(B) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer relating to 
the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised Offeror including, without 
limitation, complaints as defined in the Rules; and/or 
(C) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time to time in relation to 
the Notes and/or to allow the Issuer or the relevant Dealer fully to comply with its own legal, 
tax and regulatory requirements; 
(p) 
will, during the period of the initial offering of the Notes (A) only sell the Notes at the Issue Price 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer), 
(B) only sell the Notes for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, (C) not 
appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer), (D) not 
pay any fee or remuneration or commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering 
or sale of the Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer) and (E) comply with such other 
rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and specified by the relevant Dealer; and 
(q) 
will either (A) obtain from each potential investor an executed application for the Notes or (B) keep a 
record of all requests the relevant financial intermediary (x) makes for its discretionary management 
clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each 
case prior to making any order for the Notes on their behalf, and in each case maintain the same on its 
files for so long as is required by any applicable Rules; 
(r) 
agrees and undertakes to each of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the relevant Dealer that if it or any of 
its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons (each a

--- Page 230 ---
Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
230 
“Relevant Party”) incurs any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or demands 
(including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto and counsel’s fees and 
disbursements associated with any such investigation or defence) (a “Loss”) arising out of or in relation 
to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties 
or undertakings by the relevant financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised 
action by the relevant financial intermediary or failure by it to observe any of the above restrictions or 
requirements or the making by it of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any 
information which has not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer, the 
relevant financial intermediary shall pay to the Issuer, the relevant Guarantor or the relevant Dealer, as 
the case may be, an amount equal to the Loss. None of the Issuer, any Guarantor nor any Dealer shall 
have any duty or obligation, whether as fiduciary or trustee for any Relevant Party or otherwise, to 
recover any such payment or to account to any other person for any amounts paid to it under this 
provision; and 
(s) 
agrees and accepts that: 
(A) 
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary formed upon acceptance 
by the relevant financial intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use this Base Prospectus with its 
consent in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer (the “Authorised Offeror 
Contract”), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Belgian 
law; 
(B) 
subject to (D) below, the Brussels courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising 
out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including any dispute relating to 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract) (a “Dispute”) and the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary submit to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the Brussels courts; 
(C) 
for the purposes of (B) and (D), the relevant financial intermediary waives any objection to the 
Brussels courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any dispute; 
(D) 
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer may, in respect of any Dispute 
or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction and (ii) concurrent 
proceedings in any number of jurisdictions; and 
(E) 
each Guarantor and each relevant Dealer will be entitled to enforce those provisions of the 
Authorised Offeror Contract which are, or are expressed to be, for their benefit, including the 
agreements, representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnity given by the financial 
intermediary pursuant to the Authorised Offeror Terms. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv) above are together referred to herein as the 
“Authorised Offerors”. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (iv) above who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Non-exempt Offer as set out above is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, 
to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 231 ---
Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes 
231 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the Notes 
Neither the Issuer, any Guarantor nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers has any responsibility for any 
of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of 
business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers and 
sales of the Notes to such Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms and 
other arrangements in place between that Authorised Offeror and such Investor including as to price, 
allocations and settlement arrangements (the “Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer”). The Issuer 
will not be a party to any such arrangements with such Investor and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus does 
not, and any Final Terms will not, contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt 
Offer shall be provided to such Investor by that Authorised Offeror at the time the offer is made. None of the 
Issuer or, for the avoidance of doubt, any of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility 
or liability for such information.

--- Page 232 ---
Form of Final Terms 
232 
PART XIII – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN EUR 100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY 
OTHER CURRENCY) 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme and which have a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES 
[Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA 2000”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared 
a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Prohibition of sales to Consumers in Belgium – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to any Consumers. For these 
purposes, a “Consumer” has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended (Wetboek 
van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting 
for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession.] 
[Eligible Investors only – The Notes may be held only by, and transferred only to, eligible investors referred to in 
Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994, holding their securities in an exempt securities account that 
has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the NBB-SSS.] 
TARGET MARKET ASSESMENTS 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients

--- Page 233 ---
Form of Final Terms 
233 
and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II] EITHER [and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [, (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. However, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, “UK MiFIR”) and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market.] Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][distributor] 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under UK MiFIR, as applicable. However, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
The target market assessment in respect of the Notes referred to above does not affect the requirements of any 
contractual, legal or regulatory selling restriction applicable to the relevant issuance or offer of Notes. In order to 
avoid any doubt, any such determination may not be considered as (a) an evaluation of the suitability or of the 
appropriateness of an investment in the Notes for a particular investor for the purpose of MiFID II [and/or UK MiFIR] 
or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in, to purchase or to take any other measure 
relating to the Notes, and is the exclusive responsibility of the Dealers acting as manufacturers in respect of the that 
issue of Notes. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
FLUVIUS SYSTEM OPERATOR CV 
Legal entity identifier (“LEI”): 549300WSQWO0M3PK2J78 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed on a several but not joint basis by Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, 
Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(i) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in paragraph 7(vi) of Part B below, provided such person 
is a Dealer or Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus (as defined below)) and

--- Page 234 ---
Form of Final Terms 
234 
that the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in paragraph 7 and that any conditions relevant to 
the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(ii) 
otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer, any Guarantor nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Notes in any other circumstances. 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. Full 
information on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. However, a summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these 
Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s website (https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-
relations/ratings-and-bonds/bonds). 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.) 
1.
(i) 
Issuer: 
Fluvius System Operator CV 
 
(ii) 
Guarantors: 
Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, 
Gaselwest, Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, 
Riobra and Sibelgas (please see paragraph 14 below). 
2.
(i) 
Series Number: 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series (and be interchangeable for trading purposes) 
with the [insert description of Tranche of Notes] (ISIN: 
[●]) on [[●]/the Issue Date]] / [Not Applicable] 
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
[(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5.
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●]]

--- Page 235 ---
Form of Final Terms 
235 
6.
(i) 
Specified Denomination[s]: 
[●] 
(The minimum Specified Denomination shall be at 
least EUR 1,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency). The Notes may have multiple Specified 
Denominations, provided that the larger Specified 
Denominations are integral multiples of the smaller 
Specified Denominations.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7.
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] / [Issue Date] / [Not Applicable] 
8.
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9.
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [15/16/17] below) 
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100/[●]] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
11.
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 15 and 16 below and 
identify there]/[Not Applicable] 
12.
Put/Call Options: 
[Tax Call Option] 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Put Option] 
 
 
[Make Whole Call Option] 
 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
 
 
[Substantial Repurchase Event] 
 
 
[See paragraph[s] [18/19/20/21/22/23] below] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13.
Date of Board approval for issuance of Notes 
and Guarantees: 
[●]

--- Page 236 ---
Form of Final Terms 
236 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes or related Guarantee) 
14.
Pro rata share in the Guarantee for each 
Guarantor: 
Each of the Guarantors has agreed to guarantee the 
Notes on a several but not joint basis, pro rata to the 
share of contributions that each Guarantor has made in 
the Issuer as of the Issue Date, being: 
 
 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Fluvius Limburg 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Fluvius West 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Gaselwest 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Imewo 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Intergem 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Iveka 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Iverlek 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
PBE 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Riobra 
[●] per cent. 
 
 
Sibelgas 
[●] per cent. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% per annum payable on each Interest Payment 
Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year [from and including 
[●]][until and excluding [●]] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date: 
[●]/[Each Interest Payment Date]/[Not Applicable].

--- Page 237 ---
Form of Final Terms 
237 
16.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business 
Day Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]]] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention] / [Following 
Business Day Convention] / [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] / [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Agent]): 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [EURIBOR] 
 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] [– the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be

--- Page 238 ---
Form of Final Terms 
238 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
(x) 
Margin: 
[[+/-][●]% per annum] 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]% per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]% per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
17.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●]% per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18.
Tax Call Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(The Tax Call Option should only be specified to be 
applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is 
specified to be applicable.) 
19.
Call Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. The Call Option should 
only be specified to be applicable if the Prohibition of 
Sales to Consumers is specified to be applicable) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] [All of the Notes] 
 
(iv) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] [All of the Notes] 
 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
20.
Put Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 239 ---
Form of Final Terms 
239 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
21.
Make Whole Call Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. The Make Whole Option 
should only be specified to be applicable if the 
Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified to be 
applicable) 
 
(i) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Determination Time: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Margin: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
 
(vii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
22.
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. The Residual Maturity 
Call Option should only be specified to be applicable 
if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified to 
be applicable) 
 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call Period: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
23.
Substantial Repurchase Event 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. The Substantial 
Repurchase Event should only be specified to be 
applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is 
specified to be applicable) 
 
(i) 
Applicable Percentage: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
24.
Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
25.
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been extracted from 
[●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and

--- Page 240 ---
Form of Final Terms 
240 
is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
SIGNED on behalf of FLUVIUS SYSTEM OPERATOR CV, FLUVIUS ANTWERPEN, FLUVIUS 
LIMBURG, FLUVIUS WEST, GASELWEST, IMEWO, INTERGEM, IVEKA, IVERLEK, PBE, RIOBRA 
and SIBELGAS 
 
 
By:  
Duly authorised

--- Page 241 ---
Form of Final Terms 
241 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [●] 
with effect from [●].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on [●] with effect from [●].]  
[Not Applicable.] 
2.
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [are not/have been/are 
expected to be] specifically rated [by [●]]. [The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of 
this type under the Programme generally [●].] 
[Name of rating agency(ies): [●] 
[●] [is/are] established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009.]  
[A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency.] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has been previously published by the 
rating provider.) 
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE OFFER 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
statement below.) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantors and any of their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [So far as the Issuer is aware, the following persons have 
an interest material to the offer: [●].] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only.) 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
Indication of yield: 
The yield in respect of this issue of Fixed Rate Notes 
is [●]. 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
5.
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating 
Rate Notes only.) 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 242 ---
Form of Final Terms 
242 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[Details of performance of [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].]/[Not 
Applicable] 
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011.]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended, apply such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within 
the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes, provided that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] [No.] 
7.
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] / [Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated,  
(A) Names and addresses of 
Managers and underwriting 
commitments/quotas: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a “best 
efforts” basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
(B) Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(C) Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable] [●]

--- Page 243 ---
Form of Final Terms 
243 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(iv) 
Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the 
placing commission: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
(v) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify the relevant Member State(s) where the 
Issuer intends to make the non-exempt offer which 
must therefore be jurisdictions where the Base 
Prospectus 
and 
any 
supplements 
have 
been 
approved/passported (in addition to the jurisdiction 
where approved and published)] 
 
(vii) 
Offer Period: 
[●] until [●] 
 
(viii) Maximum Amount: 
[(i) Series:  
EUR [●] / Not Applicable] 
[(ii) Tranche: EUR [●] / Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Amount: 
[(i) Series:  
EUR [●] / Not Applicable] 
[(ii) Tranche: EUR [●] / Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Financial 
intermediaries 
granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
conditions in it: 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries receiving consent (specific consent)] 
 
(xi) 
General Consent: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
 
(xii) 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms: 
[Not Applicable] [Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is applicable.) 
 
(xiii) US Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S compliance Category 1. TEFRA is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
 
(xiv) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Prohibition of Sales to Consumers: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Additional Selling Restrictions 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(xvii) X-only Issuance: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
8.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/specify] 
 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(iii) 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 244 ---
Form of Final Terms 
244 
 
(iv) 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of the application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(v) 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(vi) 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(viii) Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(ix) 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(x) 
Process for notifying applicants of the 
amount allotted and an indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(xi) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(xii) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[None/give details]. 
 
(xiii) Name and address of the entities which 
have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and 
offer rates and description of the main 
terms of their commitment: 
[None/give details] 
(Include details where Notes are being admitted to 
trading on a regulated market) 
9.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes as set out in Part VIII – 
‘Use of Proceeds’ of the Base Prospectus/give details] 
 
[The Notes constitute Green Notes and an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds will be used exclusively 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, the 
Eligible Green Projects as described in the Green 
Financing Framework of the Issuer. Investors should 
have regard to the risk factors described under “Risks 
relating to Notes which qualify as Green Notes” in the

--- Page 245 ---
Form of Final Terms 
245 
section headed “Risk Factors” in the Base 
Prospectus.] 
 
(If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus regarding the proceeds being used for 
general corporate purposes (including for Green 
Notes), give details here.) 
 
(In case of an issuance of Green Notes, provide details 
of (i) the estimate of the portion of the proceeds that 
will be used for financing vs. refinancing Eligible 
Green Projects, (ii) if applicable, any individual 
Eligible Green Projects being financed and/or 
refinanced, (iii) if applicable, the specific lookback 
period, (iv) the deadline for full allocation and (v) the 
date of publication of the next allocation and impact 
reporting.) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use, will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
 
(Include breakdown of expenses into each principal 
intended use and present in order of priority of such 
uses.) 
 
[ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
(Issuer to annex issue specific summary to the Final Terms of a specific issue of Notes.)

--- Page 246 ---
Form of Final Terms 
246 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF EUR 100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme and which have a denomination of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) or more. 
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES 
[Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA 2000”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared 
a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[Prohibition of sales to Consumers in Belgium – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to any Consumers. For these 
purposes, a “Consumer” has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended (Wetboek 
van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and acting 
for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession.] 
[Eligible Investors only – The Notes may be held only by, and transferred only to, eligible investors referred to in 
Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994, holding their securities in an exempt securities account that 
has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the NBB-SSS.] 
TARGET MARKET ASSESMENTS 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each 
as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II] and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.]

--- Page 247 ---
Form of Final Terms 
247 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (as amended, “UK MiFIR”) and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market.] Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”)][distributor] 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under UK MiFIR, as applicable. However, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
The target market assessment in respect of the Notes referred to above does not affect the requirements of any 
contractual, legal or regulatory selling restriction applicable to the relevant issuance or offer of Notes. In order to 
avoid any doubt, any such determination may not be considered as (a) an evaluation of the suitability or of the 
appropriateness an investment in the Notes for a particular investor for the purpose of MiFID II [and/or UK MiFIR] 
or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in, to purchase or to take any other measure 
relating to the Notes, and is the exclusive responsibility of the Dealers acting as manufacturers in respect of the that 
issue of Notes. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
FLUVIUS SYSTEM OPERATOR CV 
Legal entity identifier (“LEI”): 549300WSQWO0M3PK2J78 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed on a several but not joint basis by Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, 
Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 6 June 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. Full 
information on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s website (https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-
relations/ratings-and-bonds/bonds).

--- Page 248 ---
Form of Final Terms 
248 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.) 
 
1.
(i) 
Issuer: 
Fluvius System Operator CV 
(ii) 
Guarantors: 
Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, 
Gaselwest, Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, 
Riobra and Sibelgas (please see paragraph 14 below). 
2.
(i) 
Series Number: 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series (and be interchangeable for trading purposes) 
with the [insert description of Tranche of Notes] (ISIN: 
[●]) on [[●]/the Issue Date]] / [Not Applicable] 
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
[(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5.
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [●]] 
6.
(i) 
Specified Denomination[s]: 
[●] 
(The minimum Specified Denomination shall be at 
least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency). The Notes may have multiple Specified 
Denominations, provided that the larger Specified 
Denominations are integral multiples of the smaller 
Specified Denominations.) 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7.
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] / [Issue Date] / [Not Applicable] 
8.
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9.
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]

--- Page 249 ---
Form of Final Terms 
249 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [15/16/17] below) 
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100/[●]] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
11.
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 15 and 16 below and 
identify there]/[Not Applicable] 
12.
Put/Call Options: 
[Tax Call Option] 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Put Option] 
 
 
[Make Whole Call Option] 
 
 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
 
 
[Substantial Repurchase Event] 
 
 
[See paragraph[s] [18/19/20/21/22/23] below] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13.
Date of Board approval for issuance of Notes 
and Guarantees: 
[●] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes or related Guarantee) 
14.
Pro rata share in the Guarantee for each 
Guarantor: 
Each of the Guarantors has agreed to guarantee the 
Notes on a several but not joint basis, pro rata to the 
share of contributions that each Guarantor has made in 
the Issuer as of the Issue Date, being: 
 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
[●] per cent. 
 
Fluvius Limburg 
[●] per cent. 
 
Fluvius West 
[●] per cent. 
 
Gaselwest 
[●] per cent. 
 
Imewo 
[●] per cent. 
 
Intergem 
[●] per cent.

--- Page 250 ---
Form of Final Terms 
250 
 
Iveka 
[●] per cent. 
 
Iverlek 
[●] per cent. 
 
PBE 
[●] per cent. 
 
Riobra 
[●] per cent. 
 
Sibelgas 
[●] per cent. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% per annum payable on each Interest Payment 
Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year [from and including 
[●]][until and excluding [●]] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
(vi) 
Determination Date: 
[●]/[Each Interest Payment Date]/[Not Applicable]. 
16.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business 
Day Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to any

--- Page 251 ---
Form of Final Terms 
251 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]]] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention] / [Following 
Business Day Convention] / [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] / [Preceding Business Day 
Convention] / [Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ ISDA Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Agent]): 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [EURIBOR] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
[●] 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] [– the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(x) 
Margin: 
[[+/-][●]% per annum] 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]% per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]% per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
17.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●]% per annum

--- Page 252 ---
Form of Final Terms 
252 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18.
Tax Call Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(The Tax Call Option should only be specified to be 
applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is 
specified to be applicable.) 
19.
Call Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. The Call Option should 
only be specified to be applicable if the Prohibition of 
Sales to Consumers is specified to be applicable.) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] [All of the Notes] 
(iv) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] [All of the Notes] 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
20.
Put Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
21.
Make Whole Call Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. The Make Whole Call 
Option should only be specified to be applicable if the 
Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified to be 
applicable.) 
(i) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Determination Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Determination Time: 
[●] 
(v) 
Margin: 
[●]

--- Page 253 ---
Form of Final Terms 
253 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
(vii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
22.
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. The Residual Maturity 
Call Option should only be specified to be applicable 
if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified to 
be applicable.) 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call Period: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
23.
Substantial Repurchase Event 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. The Substantial 
Repurchase Event should only be specified to be 
applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is 
specified to be applicable.) 
(i) 
Applicable Percentage: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
24.
Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
25.
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been extracted from 
[●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and 
is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
SIGNED on behalf of FLUVIUS SYSTEM OPERATOR CV, FLUVIUS ANTWERPEN, FLUVIUS 
LIMBURG, FLUVIUS WEST, GASELWEST, IMEWO, INTERGEM, IVEKA, IVERLEK, PBE, RIOBRA 
and SIBELGAS 
 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 254 ---
Form of Final Terms 
254 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [●] 
with effect from [●].] [Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on [●] with effect from [●].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2.
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [are not/have been/are 
expected to be] specifically rated [by [●]]. [The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of 
this type under the Programme generally [●].] 
[Name of rating agency(ies): [●] 
[●] [is/are] established in the EU and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009.]  
[A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency.] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has been previously published by the 
rating provider.) 
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
statement below.) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the issue. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantors and any of their 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [So far as the Issuer is aware, the following persons have an 
interest material to the issue: [●].] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests) 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only.) 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
Indication of yield: 
The yield in respect of this issue of Fixed Rate Notes 
is [●].

--- Page 255 ---
Form of Final Terms 
255 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
5.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Agent(s): 
[●] 
 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011.]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended, apply such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within 
the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes, provided that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] [No.] 
6.
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] / [Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated,  
(A) Names and addresses of Managers: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(B) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(C) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S compliance Category 1. TEFRA is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to Consumers: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 256 ---
Form of Final Terms 
256 
 
(vii) 
Additional Selling Restrictions 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
(viii) X-only Issuance: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
7.
REASONS FOR THE ISSUE AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the issue: 
[General corporate purposes as set out in Part VIII – 
‘Use of Proceeds’ of the Base Prospectus/give details] 
 
[The Notes constitute Green Notes and an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds will be used exclusively 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, the 
Eligible Green Projects as described in the Green 
Financing Framework of the Issuer. Investors should 
have regard to the risk factors described under “Risks 
relating to Notes which qualify as Green Notes” in the 
section headed “Risk Factors” in the Base 
Prospectus.] 
 
(If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus regarding the proceeds being used for 
general corporate purposes (including for Green 
Notes), give details here.) 
 
(In case of an issuance of Green Notes, provide details 
of (i) the estimate of the portion of the proceeds that 
will be used for financing vs. refinancing Eligible 
Green Projects, (ii) if applicable, any individual 
Eligible Green Projects being financed and/or 
refinanced, (iii) if applicable, the specific lookback 
period, (iv) the deadline for full allocation and (v) the 
date of publication of the next allocation and impact 
reporting.) 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 257 ---
General information 
257 
PART XIV – GENERAL INFORMATION 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Belgium in connection with the 
establishment and update of the Programme. The establishment and annual updates (for a maximum duration of ten 
years, i.e., until and including 2030) of the Programme were authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer passed on 26 August 2020, 13 October 2021 and 23 November 2022. 
The Guarantors have obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Belgium in connection with 
the Guarantees. The Guarantees were authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Fluvius Antwerpen 
passed on 16 September 2020 (as confirmed on 27 October 2021 and on 14 December 2022), by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of Fluvius Limburg passed on 8 September 2020 (as confirmed on 20 October 2021 and on 
21 December 2022), by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Fluvius West passed on 7 September 2020 (as 
confirmed on 25 October 2021 and on 12 December 2022), by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Gaselwest 
passed on 9 September 2020 (as confirmed on 18 October 2021 and on 20 December 2022), by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of Imewo passed on 11 September 2020 (as confirmed on 22 October 2021 and on 22 December 
2022), by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Intergem passed on 10 September 2020 (as confirmed on 28 
October 2021 and on 15 December 2022), by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Iveka passed on 
11 September 2020 (as confirmed on 19 October 2021 and on 13 December 2022), by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of Iverlek passed on 7 September 2020 (as confirmed on 25 October 2021 and on 22 December 2022), by 
a resolution of the Board of Directors of PBE passed on 3 September 2020 (as confirmed on 18 October 2021 and 
on 22 December 2022), by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Riobra passed on 14 September 2020 (as 
confirmed on 21 October 2021 and on 19 December 2022) and by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Sibelgas 
passed on 21 September 2020 (as confirmed on 26 October 2021 and on 20 December 2022). 
Approval by the FSMA 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 6 June 2023 by the FSMA, in its capacity as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation, as a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect 
of the issue by the Issuer of Notes. The approval by the FSMA should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the Guarantors nor of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Listing of Notes on Euronext Brussels and admission to trading of Notes on the regulated market of Euronext 
Brussels 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve 
months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus to be listed on Euronext Brussels and to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The regulated market of Euronext Brussels is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. However, unlisted Notes or Notes listed on another market may be issued under 
the Programme. 
Settlement of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for settlement through the facilities of the NBB-SSS. The Notes can be held by their 
holders through direct Participants and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through 
any Participant, including, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, through Euroclear, Euroclear France, Clearstream, 
SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD. 
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), the Common Code and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 258 ---
General information 
258 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the address of the NBB-SSS is Boulevard de Berlaimont 14, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium. The address of any other relevant clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Significant changes or material adverse changes 
Other than as set out in section 7 – ‘Significant changes in the financial position and prospects of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’, there has been no significant change in the 
financial position or the financial performance of the Fluvius Economic Group and no material adverse change in 
the prospects of the Issuer or the Guarantors since 31 December 2022. 
Litigation 
Other than as set out in section 6 – ‘Legal and arbitration proceedings’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and 
the Guarantors’, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors have been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantors are aware) which may have or have had in the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Guarantors. 
Representation of Noteholders 
No entity or organisation has been appointed to act as representative of the Noteholders. The provisions on meetings 
of Noteholders are set out in Condition 10(a) (Meetings of Noteholders) and Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of 
Noteholders) to the Conditions. 
Third party information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been accurately 
reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by such third 
parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The 
source of third party information is identified where used. 
Documents available 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be available on 
the website of the Issuer (https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations): 
 
the articles of association (statuten/statuts) of the Issuer and the Guarantors (in Dutch); 
 
this Base Prospectus; and 
 
the documents incorporated by reference herein. 
The Agency Agreement, the Clearing Services Agreement and the Guarantees will, for so long as Notes may be 
issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, be available during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and 
public holidays excepted) for inspection at the registered office of the Agent. 
Transactions of the Co-Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates with the Issuer, the Guarantors 
and their respective affiliates 
The Co-Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, the 
Guarantors and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of 
their business activities, the Co-Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array 
of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantors or their respective affiliates. The

--- Page 259 ---
General information 
259 
Co-Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 260 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
260 
ANNEX – BALANCE SHEET AND INCOME STATEMENT OF EACH GUARANTOR 
This Annex includes the balance sheet (after appropriation) and income statement of each Guarantor as of and for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. These have been prepared in accordance with 
Belgian generally accepted accounting principles. 
The balance sheets and income statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 have been extracted from 
the relevant Guarantor’s financial statements which were filed with the NBB (and were translated from Dutch to 
English). In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of the English translations of these financial 
statements and the original versions prepared in Dutch, the Dutch versions shall prevail. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the balance sheets and income statements of the Guarantors for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2022 have not been filed with the NBB. These have been approved by the board of directors 
of the relevant Guarantor and are in the process of being submitted for approval by each relevant Guarantor’s annual 
shareholders’ meeting. The relevant audit procedures have been finalised and did not give rise to any qualifications 
by the auditor. 
1 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
1.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
1,700,537,843 
1,621,349,759 
Intangible fixed assets 
18,992,319 
19,878,206 
Tangible fixed assets 
1,625,353,448 
1,545,279,476 
Land and buildings 
42,333,768 
42,490,227 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,415.098,148 
1,341,526,231 
Furniture and vehicles 
7,581,573 
7,046,572 
Leasing and similar rights 
209,785 
261,339 
Other tangible fixed assets 
88,822 
96,379 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
160,041,351 
153,858,728 
Financial fixed assets 
56,192,076 
56,192,076 
Affiliated enterprises 
 
- 
Participating interests 
 
- 
Amounts receivable 
 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
6,565,667.51 
6,565,668 
Participating interests 
6,565,667.51 
6,565,668 
Amounts receivable 
 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
49,626,409 
49,626,409 
Shares 
49,495,057 
49,495,057 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
131,353 
131,352

--- Page 261 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
261 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
CURRENT ASSETS 
259,736,421 
265,086,170 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
61,667,985 
68,137,182 
Trade debtors 
313,359 
338,415 
Other amounts receivable 
61,354,626 
67,798,766 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
5,451,982 
7,112,721 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
5,451,982 
7,112,721 
Amounts receivable within one year 
141,803,919 
147,682,353 
Trade debtors 
51,394,684 
93,002,273 
Other amounts receivable 
90,409,235 
54,680,080 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
15,172 
9,907 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
50,797,363 
42,144,008 
TOTAL ASSETS 
1,960,274,264 
1,886,435,929 
 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
796,327,715 
774,920,784 
Contribution excluding capital 
433,500,710 
419,219,710 
Contribution available 
433,500,710 
419,219,710 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
131,452,148 
134,785,659 
Reserves 
192,151,172 
188,786,744 
Reserves not available 
50,572,612 
47,239,101 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
50,572,612 
47,239,101 
Untaxed reserves 
660,640 
674,123 
Available reserves 
140,917,919 
140,873,520

--- Page 262 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
262 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
27,706,527 
22,142,107 
Investment grants 
11,517,158 
9,986,564 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
10,022,762 
12,482,268 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
5,997,686 
9,098,205 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
2,882,023 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
420,731 
500,731 
Other liabilities and charges 
5,576,955 
5,715,450 
Deferred taxes 
4,025,076 
3,384,063 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
1,153,923,786 
1,099,032,877 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
891,634,380 
840,455,683 
Financial debts  
891,634,380 
840,455,683 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
271,885 
285,118 
Credit institutions  
849,520,219 
787,199,000 
Other loans  
41,842,276 
52,971,564 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
221,738,643 
192,812,551 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
129,799,905 
81,324,796 
Financial debts  
11,519 
17,224 
Credit institutions  
11,519 
17,224 
Other loans  
 
- 
Trade debts  
46,890,012 
59,252,015 
Suppliers  
46,890,012 
59,252,015 
Bills of exchange payable  
 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
16,834,953 
14,716,621 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
360,196 
4,228,095 
Taxes  
360,196 
4,228,095

--- Page 263 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
263 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Remuneration and social security  
 
- 
Other amounts payable  
27,842,058 
33,273,800 
Accruals and deferred income  
40,550,764 
65,764,643 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
1,960,274,264 
1,886,435,929 
 
 
1.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Operating income 
406,115,341 
444,897,383 
Turnover 
379,489,601 
425,193,007 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-1,866,766 
-2,688,401 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
28,492,506 
22,392,777 
Non-recurring operating income 
0.01 
- 
Operating charges 
354,096,330 
390,234,968 
Raw materials, consumables 
131,953,560 
188,547,365 
Purchases 
131,953,560 
188,547,365 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
130,094,860 
115,801,212 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
68,441,004 
64,519,974 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
1,220,652 
-950,694 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-3,100,518 
-888,100 
Other operating charges 
19,703,325 
21,034,162 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
5,783,449 
2,171,048 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
52,019,011 
54,662,416 
Financial income 
15,190,121 
15,351,723 
Recurring financial income 
15,190,121 
15,351,723 
Income from financial fixed assets 
10,124,702 
9,867,895

--- Page 264 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
264 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Income from current assets 
197,068 
189,161 
Other financial income 
4,868,351 
5,294,667 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
20,240,326 
20,577,871 
Recurring financial charges 
20,240,326 
20,577,871 
Debt charges 
20,231,445 
20,574,830 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
8,881 
3,041 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
46,968,806 
49,436,267 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
77,179 
21,663 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
10,632,930 
11,600,977 
Taxes 
10,632,932 
11,608,488 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
2.40 
7,511 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
36,413,056 
37,856,953 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
13,482 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
36,426,538 
37,856,953 
 
2 
Fluvius Limburg 
2.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
2,312,467,159 
2,229,703,971 
Intangible fixed assets 
17,473,603 
16,350,920 
Tangible fixed assets 
2,219,438,704 
2,135,733,450 
Land and buildings 
25,234,480 
24,906,195 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,948,437,032 
1,880,868,327 
Furniture and vehicles 
7,984,769 
6,575,644 
Leasing and similar rights 
1,292,662 
2,413,306

--- Page 265 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
265 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Other tangible fixed assets 
64,706 
65,950 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
236,425,055 
220,904,027 
Financial fixed assets 
75,554,852 
77,619,601 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
11,576,986 
13,641,735 
Participating interests 
11,576,986 
13,641,735 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
63,977,866 
63,977,866 
Shares 
63,973,920 
63,973,920 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
3,946 
3,946 
CURRENT ASSETS 
333,636,470 
365,924,145 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
118,812,268 
126,463,781 
Trade debtors 
5,311,826 
5,370,413 
Other amounts receivable 
113,500,442 
121,093,368 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
2,841,485 
8,377,180 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
2,841,485 
8,377,180 
Amounts receivable within one year 
138,559,145 
185,464,771 
Trade debtors 
46,650,687 
72,207,347 
Other amounts receivable 
91,908,458 
113,257,424 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
198,539 
245,045 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
73,225,033 
45,373,368 
TOTAL ASSETS 
2,646,103,629 
2,595,628,116

--- Page 266 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
266 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
1,676,309,998 
1,650,311,876 
Contribution excluding capital 
698,381,910 
698,381,885 
Contribution available 
698,381,910 
698,381,885 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
292,315,504 
301,314,251 
Reserves 
463,812,183 
454,315,667 
Reserves not available 
270,085,188 
261,086,441 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
270,085,188 
261,086,441 
Untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Available reserves 
193,726,996 
193,229,226 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
32,408,101 
14,054,690 
Investment grants 
189,392,300 
182,245,384 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
26,602,608 
23,983,556 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
8,067,662 
8,067,662 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
343,662 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
7,724,000 
8,067,662 
Deferred taxes 
18,534,947 
15,915,894 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
943,191,022 
921,332,684 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
710,089,122 
720,956,803 
Financial debts  
710,089,122 
720,956,803 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
1,955,251 
2,805,092 
Credit institutions  
708,133,870 
718,151,711 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
-

--- Page 267 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
267 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
214,760,021 
146,939,043 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
121,009,747 
19,854,365 
Financial debts  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
53,819,352 
68,107,507 
Suppliers  
53,819,352 
68,107,507 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
12,427,336 
13,315,929 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
2,972,204 
686,436 
Taxes  
2,972,204 
686,436 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
24,531,382 
44,974,806 
Accruals and deferred income  
18,341,880 
53,436,839 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
2,646,103,629 
2,595,628,116 
 
2.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Operating income 
412,128,962 
445,988,635 
Turnover 
371,717,671 
422,498,918 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-1,213,862 
-6,903,797 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
41,625,152 
30,393,514 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
369,372,691 
398,939,310 
Raw materials, consumables 
124,441,199 
175,699,673 
Purchases 
124,441,199 
175,699,673 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
128,803,252 
120,963,310 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
85,011,717 
76,635,170

--- Page 268 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
268 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
2,252,153 
531,036 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
-3,301,000 
Other operating charges 
13,764,369 
13,311,121 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
15,100,000 
15,100,000 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
42,756,271 
47,049,325 
Financial income 
19,583,275 
19,010,225 
Recurring financial income 
19,583,275 
19,010,225 
Income from financial fixed assets 
5,470,442 
5,097,263 
Income from current assets 
492,439 
313,822 
Other financial income 
13,615,393 
13,599,140 
Non-recurring financial income 
5,000 
- 
Financial charges 
14,169,446 
12,432,238 
Recurring financial charges 
12,104,697 
11,141,994 
Debt charges 
12,100,265 
11,138,136 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
4,431 
3,858 
Non-recurring financial charges 
2,064,749 
1,290,244 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
48,170,100 
53,627,313 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
301,970 
249,141 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
12,910,275 
13,782,582 
Taxes 
12,910,275 
13,791,504 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
- 
8,922 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
35,561,796 
40,093,872 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
35,561,796 
40,093,872

--- Page 269 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
269 
3 
Fluvius West 
3.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
741,054,599 
724,611,005 
Intangible fixed assets 
6,383,047 
6,026,888 
Tangible fixed assets 
711,036,123 
694,948,687 
Land and buildings 
33,380,122 
33,463,643 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
580,874,310 
537,011,146 
Furniture and vehicles 
2,011,630 
1,320,550 
Leasing and similar rights 
141,337 
298,877 
Other tangible fixed assets 
- 
- 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
94,628,723 
122,854,472 
Financial fixed assets 
23,635,429 
23,635,429 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
4,015,745 
4,015,745 
Participating interests 
4,015,745 
4,015,745 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
19,619,684 
19,619,684 
Shares 
19,619,684 
19,619,684 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
140,636,818 
142,180,136 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
76,334,142 
80,468,826 
Trade debtors 
 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
76,334,142 
80,468,826 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
407,869 
7,956,331 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
407,869 
7,956,331 
Amounts receivable within one year 
46,420,399 
45,031,361 
Trade debtors 
21,660,241 
25,719,810 
Other amounts receivable 
24,760,157 
19,311,551 
Current investments 
- 
-

--- Page 270 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
270 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
13,477 
14,158 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
17,460,930 
8,709,460 
TOTAL ASSETS 
881,691,417 
866,791,141 
 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
576,888,676 
570,978,888 
Contribution excluding capital 
254,498,918 
254,401,718 
Contribution available 
254,498,918 
254,401,718 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
74,526,270 
76,795,044 
Reserves 
182,411,631 
180,198,823 
Reserves not available 
52,066,155 
49,894,580 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
52,066,155 
49,894,580 
Untaxed reserves 
522,044 
533,278 
Available reserves 
129,823,432 
129,770,966 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
12,955,961 
8,346,224 
Investment grants 
52,495,897 
51,237,079 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
22,672,554 
22,233,636 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
- 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
5,000,000 
5,000,000 
Deferred taxes 
17,672,554 
17,233,636 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
282,130,187 
273,578,617 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
178,967,774 
200,338,688 
Financial debts  
178,967,774 
200,338,688 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
258,931 
401,399 
Credit institutions  
178,708,844 
199,937,289 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
-

--- Page 271 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
271 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
99,454,911 
60,625,414 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
43,897,228 
7,827,419 
Financial debts  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
18,151,002 
20,669,922 
Suppliers  
18,151,002 
20,669,922 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
2,167,690 
4,224,369 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
903,775 
9,065 
Taxes  
903,775 
9,065 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
34,335,216 
27,894,639 
Accruals and deferred income  
3,707,502 
12,614,515 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
881,691,417 
866,791,141 
 
3.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Operating income 
125,839,932 
138,580,404 
Turnover 
110,252,550 
127,769,516 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-6,413,933 
-5,587,930 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
22,001,314 
16,398,818 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
109,933,249 
120,173,682 
Raw materials, consumables 
33,811,504 
50,468,548 
Purchases 
33,811,504 
50,468,548 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
43,980,919 
40,943,140 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
25,995,070 
23,333,089 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
421,855 
46,736

--- Page 272 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
272 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
-499,000 
Other operating charges 
3,318,762 
3,440,073 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
2,405,139 
2,441,096 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
15,906,683 
18,406,721 
Financial income 
8,879,813 
9,057,926 
Recurring financial income 
- 
9,057,926 
Income from financial fixed assets 
2,064,887 
1,843,086 
Income from current assets 
6,814,926 
83,266 
Other financial income 
- 
7,131,574 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
4,349,943 
4,332,044 
Recurring financial charges 
4,349,943 
4,332,044 
Debt charges 
4,348,261 
4,330,446 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,682 
1,598 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
20,436,553 
23,132,603 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
373,750 
236,216 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
5,307,092 
5,933,198 
Taxes 
5,307,092 
5,933,198 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
0 
0 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
15,503,211 
17,435,622 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
11,234 
11,234 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
15,514,445 
17,446,856 
 
4 
Gaselwest 
4.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
1,797,081,261 
1,765,074,689

--- Page 273 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
273 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Intangible fixed assets 
14,250,064 
15,458,414 
Tangible fixed assets 
1,707,761,106 
1,674,546,184 
Land and buildings 
49,088,084 
49,460,846 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,574,427,951 
1,548,883,006 
Furniture and vehicles 
8,237,940 
8,644,781 
Leasing and other rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
36,423 
48,824 
Tangible assets under construction and advance 
payments made 
75,970,708 
67,508,728 
Financial fixed assets 
75,070,091 
75,070,091 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other enterprises linked by participating interests 
148,169 
148,169 
Participating interests 
148,169 
148,169 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
74,921,923 
74,921,923 
Shares 
74,921,923 
74,921,923 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
171,124,469 
216,906,030 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
27,088,675 
32,310,595 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
27,088,675 
32,310,595 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
2,179,018 
2,469,462 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
2,179,018 
2,469,462 
Amounts receivable within one year 
110,208,434 
149,312,545 
Trade debtors 
51,753,677 
101,172,612 
Other amounts receivable 
58,454,757 
48,139,933 
Current investments 
- 
-

--- Page 274 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
274 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
12,733 
812 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
31,635,608 
32,812,616 
TOTAL ASSETS 
1,968,205,730 
1,981,980,719 
 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
750,306,387 
743,519,313 
Contribution excluding capital 
360,729,494 
360,729,444 
Contribution available 
360,729,494 
360,729,444 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
155,404,405 
159,982,964 
Reserves 
203,560,178 
198,995,660 
Reserves not available 
38,705,128 
34,482,322 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Financial support 
1,433,717 
1,789,470 
Other 
37,271,411 
32,692,853 
Untaxed reserves 
687,999 
702,040 
Available reserves 
164,167,051 
163,811,298 
Accumulated profits (losses) (+)/(-) 
28,072,470 
22,213,562 
Investment grants 
2,539,839 
1,597,682 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
5,891,946 
6,328,008 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
4,818,284 
5,626,973 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental liabilities 
4,481,809 
5,164,078 
Other risks and costs 
336,476 
462,896 
Deferred taxes 
1,073,661 
701,035 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
1,212,007,397 
1,232,133,399 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
976,043,362 
935,480,878 
Financial debts  
976,043,362 
935,480,878 
Subordinated loans  
- 
-

--- Page 275 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
275 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
976,043,362 
935,480,878 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
216,927,513 
263,968,093 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
153,459,259 
158,416,419 
Financial debts  
- 
25,466 
Credit institutions  
- 
25,466 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
40,217,303 
73,760,463 
Suppliers  
40,217,303 
73,760,463 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
10,283,240 
7,296,348 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
1,667,250 
1,855,526 
Taxes  
1,667,250 
1,855,526 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
11,300,461 
22,613,871 
Accrued charges and deferred income  
19,036,521 
32,684,427 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
1,968,205,729 
1,981,980,719 
 
4.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Operating income and charges 
406,114,316 
469,641,864 
Turnover 
385,457,474 
454,784,992 
Increase (decrease) in stocks of finished goods, work 
and contracts in progress (+)/(-) 
-290,444 
-1,761,376 
Own construction capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
20,947,286 
16,618,247 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
339,774,029 
397,465,851

--- Page 276 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
276 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Raw materials, consumables 
157,408,159 
232,638,522 
Purchases 
157,408,159 
232,638,522 
Decrease (increase) in stocks (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
95,803,236 
81,667,888 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and amounts written off formation 
expenses, intangible and tangible fixed assets 
74,110,235 
71,233,254 
Increase, Decrease in amounts written off stocks 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
Appropriations 
(write-backs) (+)/(-) 
1,346,904 
2,096,204 
Provisions for risks and charges: Appropriations (uses 
and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-808,689 
-85,125 
Other operating charges 
11,914,184 
9,915,108 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
0 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
- 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
66,340,286 
72,176,013 
Financial income 
12,031,078 
11,997,638 
Recurring financial income 
12,031,078 
11,997,638 
Income from financial fixed assets 
10,893,758 
10,820,000 
Income from current assets 
1,101,701 
1,151,736 
Other financial income 
35,619 
25,902 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
26,171,411.39 
29,421,710 
Recurring financial charges 
26,171,411.39 
29,421,710 
Debt charges 
26,170,248.43 
29,420,572 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1.162,96 
1,138 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
52,199,953 
54,751,941 
Transfer from postponed taxes 
12,928 
10,717 
Transfer to postponed taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
12,683,555 
13,509,162 
Taxes 
12,683,510 
13,509,162

--- Page 277 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
277 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
45 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
39,529,371 
41,253,495 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
14,041 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
39,543,412 
41,253,495 
 
5 
Imewo 
5.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
2,219,107,947 
2,140,271,996 
Intangible fixed assets 
19,332,960 
20,411,304 
Tangible fixed assets 
2,120,788,058 
2,040,873,762 
Land and buildings 
41,084,253 
40,923,206 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,913,730,872 
1,859,102,241 
Furniture and vehicles 
10,538,169 
11,317,681 
Leasing and similar rights 
0 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
28,5361 
56,923 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
155,406,228 
129,473,712 
Financial fixed assets 
78,986,930 
78,986,930 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
206,484 
206,484 
Participating interests 
206,484 
206,484 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
78,780,446 
78,780,446 
Shares 
78,780,446 
78,780,446 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
172,037,673 
206,566,176 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
12,312,031 
14,027,581 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
12,312,031 
14,027,581

--- Page 278 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
278 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
7,815,314 
9,877,067 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
7,815,314 
9,877,067 
Amounts receivable within one year 
103,167,516 
134,735,241 
Trade debtors 
61,545,911 
112,692,725 
Other amounts receivable 
41,621,604 
22,042,516 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
8,087 
11,811 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
48,734,725 
47,914,476 
TOTAL ASSETS 
2,391,145,620 
2,346,838,172 
 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
735,217,385 
724,610,682 
Contribution excluding capital 
361,135,046 
359,348,221 
Contribution available 
361,135,046 
359,348,221 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
165,179,455 
170,054,381 
Reserves 
179,941,265 
174,148,156 
Reserves not available 
38,166,029 
33,291,103 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
38,166,029 
33,291,103 
Untaxed reserves 
853,977 
871,405 
Available reserves 
140,921,260 
139,985,649 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
28,514,717 
20,600,818 
Investment grants 
446,902 
459,106 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
-

--- Page 279 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
279 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
3,284,404 
3,534,205 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
2,850,777.60 
3,091,098 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
2,194,708 
2,257,263 
Other liabilities and charges 
656,070 
833,835 
Deferred taxes 
433,627 
443,107 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
1,652,643,832 
1,618,693,285 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
1,257,358,973 
1,109,901,285 
Financial debts  
1,257,358,973 
1,109,901,285 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
1,231,357,642 
1,079,064,158 
Other loans  
26,001,331 
30,837,126 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
359,470,719 
457,063,578 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
145,368,509 
169,191,958 
Financial debts  
- 
17,724 
Credit institutions  
- 
17,724 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
55,921,443 
68,450,688 
Suppliers  
55,921,443 
68,450,688 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
21,531,425 
15,908,220 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
2,153,864 
4,272,664 
Taxes  
2,153,864 
4,272,664 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
134,495,478 
199,222,324

--- Page 280 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
280 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Accruals and deferred income  
35,814,140 
51,728,422 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
2,391,145,620 
2,346,838,172 
 
5.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Operating income 
467,802,939 
536,031,511 
Turnover 
448,721,573 
521,595,158 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-2,061,753 
-3,495,886 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
21,143,119 
17,932,239 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
396,237,037 
461,061,257 
Raw materials, consumables 
158,385,918 
235,299,638 
Purchases 
158,385,918 
235,299,638 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
123,635,033 
117,005,735 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
89,551,922 
85,252,291 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
2,630,795 
4,381,524 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-240,321 
-139,285 
Other operating charges 
22,273,690 
19,261,354 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
- 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
71,565,902 
74,970,253 
Financial income 
11,720,943 
11,589,385 
Recurring financial income 
11,720,943 
11,589,385 
Income from financial fixed assets 
11,640,013 
11,557,464 
Income from current assets 
70,334 
28,018 
Other financial income 
10,596 
3,903 
Non-recurring financial income 
 
-

--- Page 281 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
281 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Financial charges 
29,796,672 
32,553,136 
Recurring financial charges 
29,796,672 
32,553,136 
Debt charges 
29,795,241 
32,551,555 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,431 
1,580 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
53,490,173 
54,006,503 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
8,944 
1,698 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
12,541,825 
12,714,295 
Taxes 
12,542,800 
12,714,502 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
975 
207 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
40,957,292 
41,293,906 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
17,428 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
40,974,720 
41,293,906 
 
6 
Intergem 
6.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
974,123,287 
941,274,921 
Intangible fixed assets 
9,269,457 
10,001,612 
Tangible fixed assets 
927,652,389 
894,071,868 
Land and buildings 
22,655,024 
22,883,394 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
834,329,927 
803,733,795 
Furniture and vehicles 
4,814,803 
5,066,177 
Leasing and similar rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
5,295 
9,308 
Tangible assets under construction and advance 
payments made 
65,847,340 
62,379,193 
Financial fixed assets 
37,201,441 
37,201,441

--- Page 282 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
282 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
101,490 
101,490 
Participating interests 
101,490 
101,490 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
37,099,951 
37,099,951 
Shares 
37,099,951 
37,099,951 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
120,957,310 
132,560,072 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
10,389,315 
11,442,761 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
10,389,315 
11,442,761 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
2,939,353 
3,116,549 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
2,939,353 
3,116,549 
Amounts receivable within one year 
58,076,325 
70,027,452 
Trade debtors 
26,546,970 
52,454,365 
Other amounts receivable 
31,529,355 
17,573,087 
Current investments 
14,670,143 
14,670,143 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
14,670,143 
14,670,143 
Cash at bank and in hand 
7,197 
610 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
34,874,977 
33,302,557 
TOTAL ASSETS 
1,095,080,597 
1,073,834,994 
 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
357,377,046 
354,480,888 
Contribution excluding capital 
137,279,243 
137,279,243

--- Page 283 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
283 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Contribution available 
137,279,243 
137,279,243 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
85,704,693 
88,229,766 
Reserves 
119,932,536 
117,149,165 
Reserves not available 
20,217,828 
17,692,755 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
20,217,828 
17,692,755 
Untaxed reserves 
375,512 
383,175 
Available reserves 
99,339,196 
99,073,235 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
14,206,669 
11,566,895 
Investment grants 
253,905 
255,819 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
2,269,355 
2,376,493 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
2,059,549 
2,163,814 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental liabilities 
1,831,838 
1,831,838 
Other risks and costs 
227,711 
331,976 
Deferred taxes 
209,806 
212,679 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
735,434,196 
716,977,612 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
550,455,727 
487,560,142 
Financial debts  
550,455,727 
487,560,142 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
550,455,727 
487,560,142 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
160,905,825 
200,047,585 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
76,987,320 
62,795,069

--- Page 284 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
284 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Financial debts  
- 
14,869 
Credit institutions  
- 
14,869 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
24,140,290 
43,721,858 
Suppliers  
24,140,290 
43,721,858 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
12,568,014 
8,714,773 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
60,960 
2,154,984 
Taxes  
60,960 
2,154,984 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
47,149,241 
82,646,033 
Accruals and deferred income  
24,072,644 
29,369,885 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
1,095,080,597 
1,073,834,994 
 
6.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Operating income 
217,949,633 
252,342,804 
Turnover 
205,797,457 
244,510,584 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-177,196 
-1,784,929 
Own construction capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
12,329,372 
9,617,150 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
186,456,149 
219,078,258 
Raw materials, consumables 
77,136,492 
108,195,527 
Purchases 
77,136,492 
108,195,527 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
57,737,830 
62,380,678 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
40,598,432 
38,439,399 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
588,096 
1,078,390 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-104,265 
-81,788

--- Page 285 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
285 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Other operating charges 
10,499,564 
9,066,052 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
- 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
31,493,484 
33,264,546 
Financial income 
6,113,044 
5,954,581 
Recurring financial income 
6,113,044 
5,954,581 
Income from financial fixed assets 
5,199,082 
5,159,736 
Income from current assets 
912,047 
793,887 
Other financial income 
1,915 
957 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
12,779,267 
13,655,681 
Recurring financial charges 
12,779,267 
13,655,681 
Debt charges 
12,834,964 
13,596,913 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
-55,697 
58,768 
Non-recurring financial charges 
 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
24,827,261 
25,563,445 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
2,873 
638 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
5,932,922 
6,107,322 
Income taxes 
5,932,922 
6,107,371 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
- 
50 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
18,897,212 
19,456,762 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
7,664 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
18,904,876 
19,456,762 
 
7 
Iveka 
7.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
-

--- Page 286 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
286 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
FIXED ASSETS 
715,800,548 
705,042,718 
Intangible fixed assets 
7,098,551 
7,648,469 
Tangible fixed assets 
708,138,846 
696,831,098 
Land and buildings 
15,789,360 
15,646,143 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
655,772,783 
654,897,960 
Furniture and vehicles 
3,785,847 
3,356,786 
Leasing and similar rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
4,056 
9,676 
Tangible assets under construction and advance 
payments 
32,786,801 
22,920,533 
Financial fixed assets 
563,151 
563,151 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other enterprises linked by participating interests 
91,174 
91,174 
Participating interests 
91,174 
91,174 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
471,977 
471,977 
Shares 
471,977 
471,977 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
200,327,733 
195,769,804 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
41,842,276 
52,971,564 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
41,842,276 
52,971,564 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
616,812 
1,937,665 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
616,812 
1,937,665 
Amounts receivable within one year 
135,550,068 
117,523,558 
Trade debtors 
26,038,638 
49,655,798 
Other amounts receivable 
109,511,431 
67,867,760

--- Page 287 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
287 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
23,504 
4,768 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
22,295,072 
23,332,248 
TOTAL ASSETS 
916,128,280 
900,812,521 
 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
275,539,734 
271,949,460 
Contribution excluding capital 
133,648,224 
132,653,174 
Contribution available 
133,648,224 
132,653,174 
Contribution unavailable 
 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
54,251,011 
55,857,181 
Reserves 
76,885,836 
75,286,156 
Reserves not available 
19,272,590 
17,666,420 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
19,272,590 
17,666,420 
Untaxed reserves 
318,043 
324,534 
Available reserves 
57,295,203 
57,295,203 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
10,313,996 
7,838,186 
Investment grants 
440,667 
314,763 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
1,667,260 
1,685,146 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
1,414,357 
1,472,048 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
775,738 
781,244 
Other liabilities and charges 
638,619 
690,804 
Deferred taxes 
252,903 
213,098 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
638,921,287 
627,177,916 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
507,211,097 
495,862,399 
Financial debts  
507,211,097 
495,862,399 
Subordinated loans  
- 
-

--- Page 288 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
288 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
507,211,097 
495,862,399 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
109,142,832 
113,554,314 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
76,378,089 
72,008,687 
Financial debts  
- 
11,404 
Credit institutions  
- 
11,404 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
21,971,804 
29,791,754 
Suppliers  
21,971,804 
29,791,754 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
5,914,497 
5,231,581 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
294,657 
2,021,851 
Taxes  
294,657 
2,021,851 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
4,583,785 
4,489,038 
Accruals and deferred income  
22,567,358 
17,761,204 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
916,128,280 
900,812,521 
 
7.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Operating income 
191,619,464 
219,155,771 
Turnover 
184,526,394 
213,094,421 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-1,726,346 
-802,163 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
8,819,416 
6,863,512 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
162,109,278 
184,842,818

--- Page 289 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
289 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Raw materials, consumables 
73,251,206 
107,762,164 
Purchases 
73,251,206 
107,762,164 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
 
- 
Services and other goods 
49,580,492 
39,949,686 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
33,220,452 
31,824,758 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
652,351 
503,781 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-57,691 
-35,280 
Other operating charges 
5,449,192 
4,824,433 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
13,276 
13,276 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
29,510,186 
34,312,953 
Financial income 
1,955,583 
2,108,173 
Recurring financial income 
1,955,583 
2,108,173 
Income from financial fixed assets 
32,264 
31,633 
Income from current assets 
1,914,326 
2,076,540 
Other financial income 
8,993 
0 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
12,885,425 
14,346,048 
Recurring financial charges 
12,885,425 
14,346,048 
Debt charges 
12,884,305 
14,344,983 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,120 
1,065 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
18,580,344 
22,075,078 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
5,161 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
5,407,775 
6,268,224 
Income taxes 
5,407,775 
6,269,389

--- Page 290 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
290 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
- 
1,165 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
13,177,730 
15,806,854 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
6,491 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
13,184,221 
15,806,854 
 
8 
Iverlek 
8.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
1,874,178,373 
1,812,392,617 
Intangible fixed assets 
16,433,419 
17,747,567 
Tangible fixed assets 
1,791,411,168 
1,728,311,264 
Land and buildings 
42,480,048 
39,367,481 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,619,175,317 
1,568,090,753 
Furniture and vehicles 
8,706,717 
9,460,541 
Leasing and similar rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
32,761 
46,764 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
121,016,325 
111,345,725 
Financial fixed assets 
66,333,786 
66,333,786 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other enterprises linked by participating interests 
190,928 
190,928 
Participating interests 
190,928 
190,928 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
66,142,858 
66,142,858 
Shares 
66,142,858 
66,142,858 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
179,601,305 
205,254,243 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
25,561,281 
29,816,325 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
25,561,281 
29,816,325

--- Page 291 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
291 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
2,898,337 
4,631,281 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
2,898,337 
4,631,281 
Amounts receivable within one year 
110,873,864 
133,415,437 
Trade debtors 
49,104,136 
97,189,490 
Other amounts receivable 
61,769,728 
36,225,947 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
8,685 
1,271 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
40,259,139 
37,389,929 
TOTAL ASSETS 
2,053,779,678 
2,017,646,860 
 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
661,396,931 
655,116,048 
Contribution excluding capital 
292,778,000 
292,778,000 
Contribution available 
292,778,000 
292,778,000 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
134,787,622 
138,934,148 
Reserves 
207,732,958 
202,734,634 
Reserves not available 
31,992,000 
27,845,474 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
31,992,000 
27,845,474 
Untaxed reserves 
996,087 
1,016,416 
Available reserves 
174,744,871 
173,872,745 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
25,248,698 
19,989,944 
Investment grants 
849,654 
679,321 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
-

--- Page 292 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
292 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
1,701,961 
1,767,565 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
1,086,714 
1,202,319 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental liabilities 
- 
- 
Other risks and charges 
1,086,714 
1,202,319 
Deferred taxes 
615,247 
565,246 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
1,390,680,786 
1,360,763,248 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
1,085,341,447 
961,259,974 
Financial debts  
1,085,341,447 
961,259,974 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
1,085,341,447 
961,259,974 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
259,914,622 
346,999,641 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
125,706,264 
156,620,239 
Financial debts  
- 
18,290 
Credit institutions  
- 
18,290 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
44,266,746 
53,264,636 
Suppliers  
44,266,746 
53,264,636 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
15,373,676 
12,361,035 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
1,569,177 
5,421,314 
Taxes  
1,569,177 
5,421,314 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
72,998,760 
119,314,127 
Accruals and deferred income  
45,424,716 
52,503,633

--- Page 293 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
293 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
2,053,779,678 
2,017,646,860 
 
8.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Operating income 
404,532,043 
457,146,735 
Turnover 
384,288,641 
442,434,241 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-1,891,967 
-1,677,671 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
22,135,369 
16,390,165 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
348,567,096 
390,801,668 
Raw materials, consumables 
139,369,336 
204,652,290 
Purchases 
139,369,336 
204,652,290 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
109,916,712 
97,525,133 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
77,343,105 
73,546,878 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
1,088,440 
585,896 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-115,605 
-104,895 
Other operating charges 
20,965,108 
14,596,366 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
- 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
55,964,947 
66,345,067 
Financial income 
10,714,739 
10,615,286 
Recurring financial income 
10,714,739 
10,615,286 
Income from financial fixed assets 
10,422,101 
10,355,496 
Income from current assets 
290,866 
259,785 
Other financial income 
1,772 
6 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
25,635,616 
27,650,813

--- Page 294 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
294 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Recurring financial charges 
25,635,616 
27,650,813 
Debt charges 
25,634,529 
27,649,625 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,087 
1,188 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
41,044,070 
49,309,541 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
7,367 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
9,544,892 
11,539,020 
Taxes 
9,545,587 
11,539,112 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
695 
92 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
31,506,545 
37,770,521 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
20,328 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
31,526,873 
37,770,521 
 
9 
PBE 
9.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
260,746,388 
243,686,442 
Intangible fixed assets 
2,124,732.44 
2,045,388 
Tangible fixed assets 
232,611,942.68 
215,631,341 
Land and buildings 
9,093,550.70 
9,137,652 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
198,616,791.94 
178,069,911 
Furniture and vehicles 
1,126,768.28 
628,171 
Leasing and similar rights 
180,573.50 
16,930 
Other tangible fixed assets 
- 
- 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
23,594,258.26 
27,778,678 
Financial fixed assets 
26,009,713 
26,009,713 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
-

--- Page 295 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
295 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
12,655,036 
12,655,036 
Participating interests 
12,655,036 
12,655,036 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
13,354,677 
13,354,677 
Shares 
13,354,552 
13,354,552 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
125 
125 
CURRENT ASSETS 
57,285,696 
55,338,256 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
25,763,048 
27,320,764 
Trade debtors 
322,752 
349,785 
Other amounts receivable 
25,440,296 
26,970,980 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
413,298 
1,397,225 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
413,298 
1,397,225 
Amounts receivable within one year 
14,832,042 
18,900,911 
Trade debtors 
6,189,695 
12,193,288 
Other amounts receivable 
8,642,347 
6,707,622 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
21,088 
63,506 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
16,256,220 
7,655,850 
TOTAL ASSETS 
318,032,085 
299,024,698 
 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
173,307,287 
173,445,106 
Contribution excluding capital 
7,976 
7,976 
Contribution available 
7,976 
7,976

--- Page 296 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
296 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
34,551,191 
35,544,679 
Reserves 
134,742,380 
136,703,415 
Reserves not available 
72,044,273 
71,050,785 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
72,044,273 
71,050,785 
Untaxed reserves 
198,618 
202,936 
Available reserves 
62,499,488 
65,449,695 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
3,999,890 
1,189,035 
Investment grants 
5,850 
- 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
1,434,156 
1,433,645 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
1,366,000 
1,366,000 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
- 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
1,366,000 
1,366,000 
Deferred taxes 
68,156 
67,645 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
143,290,642 
124,145,946 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
88,838,706 
89,926,700 
Financial debts  
88,838,706 
89,926,700 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
508,101 
20,793 
Credit institutions  
88,330,604 
89,905,907 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
51,970,650 
31,264,993 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
21,610,699 
2,395,643 
Financial debts  
- 
-

--- Page 297 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
297 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
8,287,680 
10,566,984 
Suppliers  
8,287,680 
10,566,984 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
1,369,586 
1,915,423 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
168,633 
11,865 
Taxes  
168,633 
11,865 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
20,534,052 
16,375,077 
Accruals and deferred income  
2,481,287 
2,954,254 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
318,032,085 
299,024,698 
 
9.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Operating income 
59,377,319 
64,479,680 
Turnover 
52,879,547 
61,610,332 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-185,222 
-825,475 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
6,682,993 
3,694,823 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
52,295,815 
56,964,543 
Raw materials, consumables 
19,380,185 
28,629,466 
Purchases 
19,380,185 
28,629,466 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
19,415,457 
17,362,115 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
10,540,272 
8,338,805 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
220,125 
232,657 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
-351,000 
Other operating charges 
949,387 
967,171

--- Page 298 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
298 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
1,790,389 
1,785,329 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
7,081,504 
7,515,137 
Financial income 
4,172,523 
3,872,070 
Recurring financial income 
4,172,523 
3,872,070 
Income from financial fixed assets 
2,039,260 
1,659,885 
Income from current assets 
7,940 
23,995 
Other financial income 
2,125,323 
2,188,190 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
2,349,803 
2,086,393 
Recurring financial charges 
2,349,803 
2,086,393 
Debt charges 
2,341,993 
2,083,883 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
7,810 
2,510 
Non-recurring financial charges 
 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
8,904,224 
9,300,814 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
1,439 
1,439 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
2,046,579 
2,172,589 
Taxes 
2,046,579 
2,172,589 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
6,859,084 
7,129,665 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
4,318 
4,318 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
6,863,402 
7,133,983 
 
10 
Riobra 
10.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
239,466,018 
230,235,049

--- Page 299 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
299 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Intangible fixed assets 
2,022,775 
1,558,455 
Tangible fixed assets 
237,407,951 
228,641,302 
Land and buildings 
917,289 
630,882 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
188,615,421 
187,787,530 
Furniture and vehicles 
134,319 
89,634 
Leasing and similar rights 
10,167 
20,335 
Other tangible fixed assets 
- 
- 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
47,730,754 
40,112,920 
Financial fixed assets 
35,292 
35,292 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
35,292 
35,292 
Participating interests 
35,292 
35,292 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
- 
- 
Shares 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
45,696,002 
48,495,939 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
- 
- 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
- 
- 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable within one year 
45,695,270 
48,070,297 
Trade debtors 
1,884,996 
2,258,797 
Other amounts receivable 
43,810,274 
45,811,500 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
-

--- Page 300 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
300 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
732 
425,643 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
- 
- 
TOTAL ASSETS 
285,162,020 
278,730,989 
 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
226,005,058 
225,916,706 
Contribution excluding capital 
153,096,884 
157,302,830 
Contribution available 
153,096,884 
157,302,830 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
- 
- 
Reserves 
17,514,091 
15,895,533 
Reserves not available 
- 
- 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Available reserves 
17,514,091 
15,895,533 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
- 
- 
Investment grants 
55,394,083 
52,718,344 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
- 
- 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
- 
- 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
- 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
- 
- 
Deferred taxes 
- 
- 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
59,156,962 
52,814,282 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
26,358,317 
37,071,045 
Financial debts  
26,358,317 
37,071,045 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
5,628 
15,574

--- Page 301 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
301 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Credit institutions  
26,352,689 
37,055,471 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
32,728,248 
15,670,240 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
10,759,946 
759,638 
Financial debts  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
3,160,969 
2,062,474 
Suppliers  
3,160,969 
2,062,474 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
3,099 
4,639 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
302,768 
243,043 
Taxes  
302,768 
243,043 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
18,501,465 
12,600,446 
Accruals and deferred income  
70,397 
72,997 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
285,162,020 
278,730,989 
 
10.2 
Income statement 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Operating income 
18,219,560 
17,921,477 
Turnover 
18,176,831 
17,904,749 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
42,729 
16,728 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
17,082,888 
16,202,237 
Raw materials, consumables 
- 
- 
Purchases 
- 
-

--- Page 302 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
302 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
6,307,113 
5,920,963 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
7,244,807 
6,979,969 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
-254,000 
Other operating charges 
3,530,968 
3,555,304 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
- 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
1,136,672 
1,719,240 
Financial income 
1,190,889 
1,074,927 
Recurring financial income 
1,190,889 
1,074,927 
Income from financial fixed assets 
- 
- 
Income from current assets 
231,976 
95,277 
Other financial income 
958,913 
979,650 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
709,003 
739,806 
Recurring financial charges 
709,003 
739,806 
Debt charges 
706,813 
735,758 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
2,190 
4,048 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
1,618,558 
2,054,361 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Taxes 
- 
- 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
1,618,558 
2,054,361

--- Page 303 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
303 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
1,618,558 
2,054,361 
 
11 
Sibelgas 
11.1 
Balance sheet 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
ASSETS 
 
 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
220,229,638 
211,347,707 
Intangible fixed assets 
2,045,304 
2,211,754 
Tangible fixed assets 
218,157,346 
209,108,965 
Land and buildings 
1,885,761 
1,866,028 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
186,836,148 
182,184,689 
Furniture and vehicles 
698,449 
703,652 
Leasing and similar rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
187,831 
209,206 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
28,549,156 
24,145,390 
Financial fixed assets 
26,989 
26,989 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
26,989 
26,989 
Participating interests 
26,989 
26,989 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
- 
- 
Shares 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
36,532,809 
38,873,919 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
- 
- 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
2,327,423 
1,761,201 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
-

--- Page 304 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
304 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
2,327,423 
1,761,201 
Amounts receivable within one year 
23,230,335 
25,189,830 
Trade debtors 
7,357,728 
12,264,566 
Other amounts receivable 
15,872,607 
12,925,263 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
3,217 
1,076 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
10,971,834 
11,921,813 
TOTAL ASSETS 
256,762,447 
250,221,626 
 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
 
 
EQUITY 
74,333,614 
74,093,335 
Contribution excluding capital 
70,923,546 
70,923,546 
Contribution available 
70,923,546 
70,923,546 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
- 
- 
Reserves 
418,020 
762,097 
Reserves not available 
- 
- 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Untaxed reserves 
 
- 
Available reserves 
418,020 
762,097 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
2,992,048 
2,407,693 
Investment grants 
- 
- 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
4,661 
24,926 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
4,661 
24,926 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
-

--- Page 305 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
305 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
- 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
4,661 
24,926 
Deferred taxes 
- 
- 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
182,424,173 
176,103,365 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
129,301,627 
122,295,072 
Financial debts  
129,301,627 
122,295,072 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
129,301,627 
122,295,072 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
45,962,289 
47,532,310 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
17,463,416 
13,325,194 
Financial debts  
19,500,000 
25,003,218 
Credit institutions  
19,500,000 
25,003,218 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
5,422,114 
6,181,644 
Suppliers  
5,422,114 
6,181,644 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
2,529,800 
1,609,494 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
232,343 
642,841 
Taxes  
232,343 
642,841 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
814,616 
769,919 
Accruals and deferred income  
7,160,256 
6,275,983 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
256,762,447 
250,221,626

--- Page 306 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
306 
11.2 Income statement 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Operating income 
49,995,419 
57,282,716 
Turnover 
47,758,631 
55,549,932 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
566,222 
163,826 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
1,670,566 
1,568,958 
Non-recurring operating income 
 
- 
Operating charges 
43,967,568 
49,904,517 
Raw materials, consumables 
17,651,711 
26,481,564 
Purchases 
17,651,711 
26,481,564 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
14,638,196 
13,123,397 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
8,821,463 
8,633,000 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
7,927 
-209,074 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-20,265 
-19,005 
Other operating charges 
2,868,536 
1,894,635 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
- 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
6,027,851 
7,378,199 
Financial income 
95,557 
47,585 
Recurring financial income 
95,557 
47,585 
Income from financial fixed assets 
- 
- 
Income from current assets 
95,557 
47,583 
Other financial income 
1 
1 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
2,952,770 
3,219,118 
Recurring financial charges 
2,952,770 
3,219,118 
Debt charges 
2,951,475 
3,217,869

--- Page 307 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
307 
 
31.12.2022 
31.12.2021 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,295 
1,248 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
3,170,638 
4,206,666 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
1,097,934 
1,349,830 
Taxes 
1,097,934 
1,350,663 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
- 
832 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
2,072,705 
2,856,836 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
2,072,705 
2,856,836

--- Page 308 ---
308 
ISSUER 
Fluvius System Operator CV 
Brusselsesteenweg 199 
9090 Melle 
Belgium 
 
GUARANTORS 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
Antwerpsesteenweg 260 
2660 Antwerp (Hoboken) 
Belgium 
Fluvius Limburg 
Trichterheideweg 8 
3500 Hasselt 
Belgium 
Fluvius West 
Noordlaan 9 
8820 Torhout 
Belgium 
Gaselwest 
President Kennedypark 12 
8500 Kortrijk 
Belgium 
Imewo 
Brusselsesteenweg 199 
9090 Melle 
Belgium 
Intergem 
Franz Courtensstraat 11 
9200 Dendermonde 
Belgium 
Iveka 
Koningin Elisabethlei 38 
2300 Turnhout 
Belgium 
Iverlek 
Aarschotsesteenweg 58 
3012 Leuven (Wilsele) 
Belgium 
PBE 
Diestsesteenweg 126 
3210 Lubbeek 
Belgium 
Riobra 
Oude Baan 148 
3210 Lubbeek 
Belgium 
Sibelgas 
Stadhuis, Grote Markt 
1800 Vilvoorde 
Belgium 
 
CO-ARRANGERS 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Karel Rogierplein 11 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Warandeberg 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
DEALERS 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Karel Rogierplein 11 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Warandeberg 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
PAYING AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT AND LISTING AGENT 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Karel Rogierplein 11 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium

--- Page 309 ---
309 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
to the Issuer and the Guarantors 
to the Co-Arrangers and the Dealers 
Linklaters LLP 
Brederodestraat 13 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Louizalaan 65, box 2 
1050 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
AUDITORS 
to the Issuer 
to the Guarantors 
EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12 
9051 Ghent 
Belgium 
EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12 
9051 Ghent 
Belgium