--- Page 1 ---
Alain PETIT
Authorised Signatory
Authorised Signatory

--- Page 2 ---
Important information 
2 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
In this Base Prospectus, references to the “Fluvius Economic Group” are to the Issuer, its subsidiaries, joint ventures 
and associated companies (being, on the date of this Base Prospectus, Atrias CV, De Stroomlijn CV, Fluvius OV, 
Interkabel and Synductis CV) and the Guarantors. 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purpose of giving the necessary information with regard to the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Notes which, 
according to the particular nature of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Notes, is material to enable investors to make 
an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance of the Notes and its impact on 
the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out in Part IV – ‘Terms and Conditions of the Notes’, as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements thereto and all documents which are 
incorporated herein by reference (see Part III – ‘Documents incorporated by reference’) and, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, is to be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. Unless specifically incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on websites mentioned herein does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers accepts any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by a Co-Arranger or a 
Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantors or the issue and offering of the Notes or for the 
acts or omissions of the Issuer, the Guarantors or any other person (other than the relevant Co-Arranger or Dealer) 
in connection with the issue and offering of the Notes. Each of the Co-Arrangers and the Dealers accordingly 
disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise which they might otherwise have in 
respect of this Base Prospectus, any such statement or any such act or omission. Neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential 
purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Co-Arrangers or 
the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantors during the life of 
the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes 
of any information coming to the attention of any of the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers. None of the Issuer, the 
Guarantors, the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Notes issued as 
“Green Notes” to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. None of the Co-
Arrangers or the Dealers have undertaken, or are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any 
verification of whether the Eligible Green Projects (as defined in Part IX – ‘Green Financing Framework’) meet the 
eligibility criteria or any monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantors or such other information as is in the public domain and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, 
the Guarantors or any of the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers.

--- Page 3 ---
Important information 
3 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantors since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been 
no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or 
trading position of the Issuer or the Guarantors since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. If at any time during the life of the Programme the Issuer shall be required to 
prepare a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available 
an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Co-Arrangers or the 
Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation 
and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement and all information contained in the 
relevant Final Terms;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where the currency for principal and/or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices, interest rates and financial markets; and
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation, by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal investments for 
it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase 
or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come, 
are required by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Co-Arrangers and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see Part XI 
– ‘Subscription and sale’.

--- Page 4 ---
Important information 
4 
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any U.S. State securities laws. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes 
and the Guarantees may not be offered or sold within the United States. The Notes and the Guarantees are being 
offered and sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, 
the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA 2000”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 2000 to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium by any Dealer to any “consumer” 
(consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch 
recht/Code de droit économique), as amended. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE AND TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT 
For each issue of Notes, the Dealers acting as manufacturers in respect of the Notes pursuant to MiFID II will produce 
and communicate to the Issuer the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and determine which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. The Final Terms in respect of such Notes will include a legend entitled 
“MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the relevant target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Co-
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
Important information 
5 
Nothing stated herein should be construed as limiting the protections granted to potential investors under mandatorily 
applicable investor protection rules, including any such rules included in MiFID II. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE AND TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT 
For each issue of Notes, the Dealers acting as manufacturers in respect of the Notes pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”) will produce and communicate to 
the Issuer the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and determine which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. The Final Terms in respect of such Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the relevant target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “UK distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment. However, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a UK manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Co-Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a UK manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Nothing stated herein should be construed as limiting the protections granted to potential investors under mandatorily 
applicable investor protection rules, including any such rules included in UK MiFIR. 
BENCHMARK REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate 
may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate 
whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a 
particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the 
relevant Final Terms (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The 
registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer and the Guarantors do not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change 
in the registration status of the administrator. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “euro”, “EUR” 
and “€” are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, when 
those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total. 
The statements in this Base Prospectus with respect to market and other industry data have been accurately 
reproduced from independent industry publications and reports by research firms or other published independent 
sources and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from such sources, no facts have been omitted which 
would render such information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 6 ---
Important information 
6 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
provided that each of the Guarantors will only be responsible for the information relating to itself and its respective 
Guarantee. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantors (each of the Guarantors however only with 
respect to the information for which it is responsible), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in English and has been translated into Dutch. The Issuer and the Guarantors 
are responsible for the consistency between the English and the Dutch language versions of this Base Prospectus, 
provided that each of the Guarantors will only be responsible for the translation of the information relating to itself 
and its respective Guarantee. Without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer and the Guarantors for 
inconsistencies between the different language versions of the Base Prospectus, in case of inconsistencies between 
the English and Dutch language versions of the Base Prospectus, the English language version will prevail. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Issuer’s or 
Guarantors’ business strategies, trends in its business, competition and competitive advantage, regulatory changes 
and restructuring plans. 
Words such as “believes”, “expects”, “projects”, “anticipates”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “intends”, “plans” or similar 
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such 
statements. The Issuer nor the Guarantors intend to update these forward-looking statements except as may be 
required by applicable securities laws. 
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, 
and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or implied in forward-looking 
statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors could cause actual results, performance or 
achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in such 
forward-looking statements. These factors include: (i) the ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and access to capital 
markets; (ii) market and interest rate fluctuations; (iii) the strength of the global economy in general and the strength 
of the economy of Belgium and the Flemish Region; (iv) the potential impact of sovereign risk in certain European 
Union countries; (v) adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies; (vi) the ability of counterparties to meet their 
obligations to the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Fluvius Economic Group; (vii) the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, 
monetary, trade and tax policies, financial and company regulation and currency fluctuations; (viii) the possibility of 
the imposition of foreign exchange controls by government and monetary authorities; (ix) operational factors, such 
as systems failure, human error, or the failure to implement procedures properly; (x) actions taken by regulators with 
respect to the Issuer’s, the Guarantors’ and/or the Fluvius Economic Group’s business and practices; (xi) the adverse 
resolution of litigation and other contingencies; (xii) the medium- to long-term impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on 
the Fluvius Economic Group’s operations and financial position; (xiii) geopolitical developments which have a 
negative impact on financial markets in general and the bond markets in particular and (xiv) the Issuer’s, the 
Guarantors’ and/or the Fluvius Economic Group’s success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing.  
The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive. When evaluating forward-looking statements, investors 
should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as the other risks identified 
in this Base Prospectus. 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus which, in respect of

--- Page 7 ---
Important information 
7 
any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on Euronext Brussels and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Brussels, shall constitute a supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (the 
“Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms 
may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is 
made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person 
acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
Table of contents 
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................... 2
TABLE OF CONTENTS ................................................................................................................................... 8
PART I – OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................................. 9
PART II – RISK FACTORS ..............................................................................................................................15
PART III – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................41
PART IV – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................51
PART V – SETTLEMENT ................................................................................................................................83
PART VI – FORM OF THE GUARANTEE AND THE GUARANTEE CONFIRMATION LETTER ...........84
PART VII – DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS ..................................................90
PART VIII – USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................198
PART IX – GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK .......................................................................................199
PART X – TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................201
PART XI – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE...................................................................................................... 211
PART XII – FORM OF FINAL TERMS .........................................................................................................214
PART XIII – GENERAL INFORMATION .....................................................................................................225
ANNEX – BALANCE SHEET AND INCOME STATEMENT OF EACH GUARANTOR .........................228

--- Page 9 ---
Overview of the Programme 
9 
PART I – OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the relevant Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. 
Words and expressions defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and Conditions of the Notes’ shall have the same meanings in this 
overview. 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS 
Issuer: 
Fluvius System Operator CV, a cooperative company (coöperatieve 
vennootschap/société cooperative) organised under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium 
and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van 
Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour 
des 
Entreprises) 
under 
number 
0477.445.084 (RLE Ghent, section Ghent). 
The 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
is 
549300WSQWO0M3PK2J78. 
Guarantors: 
Notes issued by the Issuer are guaranteed on a several but not joint basis, 
subject to the pro rata limitations as set out in the Guarantees and the 
relevant Final Terms (provided that, in aggregate, the sum of the amounts of 
the Notes covered by such Guarantees in each case adds up to 100% of the 
amount of the Notes issued), by each of: 
Fluvius Antwerpen, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende 
vereniging/association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of 
Belgium, having its registered office at Antwerpsesteenweg 260, 2660 
Antwerp (Hoboken), Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for 
Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des 
Entreprises) under number 0212.704.370 (RLE Antwerp, section Antwerp). 
Fluvius Limburg, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende 
vereniging/association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of 
Belgium, having its registered office at Trichterheideweg 8, 3500 Hasselt, 
Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0207.165.769 (RLE Antwerp, section Hasselt). 
Fluvius West, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende 
vereniging/ association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of 
Belgium, having its registered office at Noordlaan 9, 8820 Torhout, Belgium 
and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van 
Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour 
des 
Entreprises) 
under 
number 
0205.157.176 (RLE Ghent, section Ostend). 
Intercommunale Maatschappij voor Gas en Elektriciteit van het Westen 
(Gaselwest), a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ 
association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium,

--- Page 10 ---
Overview of the Programme 
10 
having its registered office at President Kennedypark 12, 8500 Kortrijk, 
Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0215.266.160 (RLE Ghent, section Kortrijk). 
Intercommunale Maatschappij voor Energievoorziening in West- en Oost-
Vlaanderen (Imewo), a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende 
vereniging/association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of 
Belgium, having its registered office at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, 
Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0215.362.368 (RLE Ghent, section Ghent). 
Intercommunale Vereniging voor Energieleveringen in Midden-Vlaanderen 
(Intergem), a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ 
association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at Franz Courtensstraat 11, 9200 Dendermonde, 
Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0220.764.971 (RLE Ghent, section Dendermonde). 
Intercommunale Vereniging voor de Energiedistributie in de Kempen en het 
Antwerpse (Iveka), a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende 
vereniging/association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of 
Belgium, having its registered office at Koningin Elisabethlei 38, 2300 
Turnhout, Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0222.030.426 (RLE Antwerp, section Turnhout). 
Iverlek, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ 
association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at Aarschotsesteenweg 58, 3012 Leuven 
(Wilsele), Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0222.343.301 (RLE Leuven). 
Provinciale Brabantse Energiemaatschappij (PBE), a mission entrusted 
association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/association chargée de mission) 
organised under the laws of Belgium, having its registered office at 
Diestsesteenweg 126, 3210 Lubbeek, Belgium and registered with the 
Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/ 
Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) under number 0203.563.111 (RLE 
Leuven). 
Riobra, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ 
association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at Oude Baan 148, 3210 Lubbeek, Belgium and 
registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van 
Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour 
des 
Entreprises) 
under 
number 
0878.051.819 (RLE Leuven). 
Sibelgas, a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ 
association chargée de mission) organised under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at Stadhuis, Grote Markt, 1800 Vilvoorde,

--- Page 11 ---
Overview of the Programme 
11 
Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
(Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) 
under number 0229.921.078 (RLE Brussels, Dutch-speaking division). 
Principal activities of the 
Issuer and the Guarantors: 
The management and operation of multi-utility grids (distribution of 
electricity and gas, district heating, sewerage, cable TV infrastructure and 
data). 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”). 
Co-Arrangers: 
Belfius Bank SA/NV and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV. 
Dealers: 
Belfius Bank SA/NV, BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and BNP Paribas. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one 
or more Tranches (as defined below) or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or 
more Tranches. 
Paying Agent, Calculation 
Agent and Listing Agent: 
Belfius Bank SA/NV. 
Size: 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currencies) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time pursuant to 
the Programme. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement (as defined in 
Part XI – ‘Subscription and sale’). 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or a non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) issued on different issue 
dates. The Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except 
that the issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will be 
subject to identical terms in all respects. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Maturity: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note will have 
the maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that no Notes 
will be issued with a maturity of less than one year. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
Overview of the Programme 
12 
Interest:  
Notes to be issued under the Programme (i) bear interest calculated by 
reference to a fixed rate of interest (such Note, a “Fixed Rate Note”), 
(ii) bear interest calculated by reference to a floating rate of interest (such 
Note, a “Floating Rate Note”), (iii) do not bear interest (such Note, a “Zero-
Coupon Note”) or (iv) are a combination of the foregoing, depending on the 
Interest and Redemption basis specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The method of calculating interest (if any) may vary between the issue date 
and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc., including, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the ISDA 
Benchmark Supplement; or
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of 
a commercial quotation service set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero-Coupon Notes: 
Zero-Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Specified Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be (i) such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency and (ii) in any case, not less than EUR 100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank pari passu and rateably, without 
any preference among themselves, and equally with all other existing and 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and

--- Page 13 ---
Overview of the Programme 
13 
future, but, in the event of insolvency, save for such obligations that may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application. 
Status of the Guarantees: 
The obligations of each Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of such Guarantor and rank and 
shall at all times rank equally with all other existing and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Guarantor from time to time 
outstanding (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law). 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Notes will be redeemed either (i) at 
100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount or (ii) at an amount per Calculation 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will state either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable, as the 
case may be (i) at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part), (ii) at 
the option of the Noteholders, (iii) at the Make-whole Redemption Amount 
(as defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’), (iv) on a 
Residual Maturity Call Optional Redemption Date (as defined in Part IV – 
‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’) and/or (v) upon a Substantial Purchase 
Event (as defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and conditions of the Notes’). In case 
the Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity, the relevant Final 
Terms will state the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or by 
a clearing system and/or a participant in a clearing system in respect of the 
Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within Belgium 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer shall, subject to customary exceptions, pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross-Default: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain a cross-default provision as 
further described in Condition 9(c) (Cross-Default).

--- Page 14 ---
Overview of the Programme 
14 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en 
Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations), as amended, and 
cannot be physically delivered. The Notes will be represented exclusively by 
book entry in the records of the NBB-SSS operated by the National Bank of 
Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the “NBB-SSS”). The Notes 
can be held by their holders through direct participants in the NBB-SSS, 
whose membership extends to securities such as the Notes (each 
a “Participant”) and through other financial intermediaries which in turn 
hold the Notes through any Participant. The Notes are accepted for 
settlement through the NBB-SSS and are accordingly subject to the 
applicable Belgian regulations, including the Belgian Act of 6 August 1993 
on transactions in certain securities, its implementing Belgian Royal Decrees 
of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 (each as amended or re-enacted or as their 
application is modified by other provisions from time to time) and the Terms 
and Conditions governing the participation in the NBB-SSS and its annexes, 
as issued or modified by the NBB from time to time. The Noteholders will 
not be entitled to exchange the Notes into notes in bearer form. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and the Guarantees and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes and the Guarantees are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
Ratings: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on Euronext Brussels and to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. 
The Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to 
be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchange 
and/or market. 
US Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 1. TEFRA is not applicable to the Notes, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes. 
See Part XI – ‘Subscription and sale’.

--- Page 15 ---
Risk factors 
15 
PART II – RISK FACTORS 
This section sets out the risks which the Issuer and the Guarantors believe are specific to them, the Fluvius Economic 
Group and/or the Notes and which are deemed to be material to investors for making an informed investment decision 
in respect of Notes issued under the Programme. Any such factors may affect the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ ability 
to fulfil their obligations under such Notes. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and 
the inability of the Issuer and the Guarantors to fulfil their obligations under any Notes may occur for other reasons 
which may not be considered material risks by the Issuer and the Guarantors based on the information currently 
available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
In accordance with the requirements of the Prospectus Regulation, the most material risk factors within each 
category have been presented first according to an assessment made by the Issuer and the Guarantors based on the 
probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The exact order in which the 
remaining risk factors are presented is not necessarily indicative of the probability of those risks actually occurring 
or of the scope of any potential negative impact thereof. 
Prospective investors should carefully assess all of the risk factors described in this section and should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including in any documents incorporated by reference 
herein, and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision, and should consult with their own 
professional advisers if they consider it necessary. 
Terms defined in Part IV – ‘Terms and Conditions of the Notes’ shall have the same meaning where used in this 
section. Any reference to any law, decree, regulation, directive or any implementing or other legislative measure 
shall be construed as a reference to such law, decree, regulation, directive or implementing or other legislative 
measure as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated and/or replaced from time to time. 
Due to the particular structure of the Fluvius Economic Group, all risk factors set out below relate to this economic 
group as a whole and not just to the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTORS AND THE FLUVIUS ECONOMIC 
GROUP 
Risks related to the regulatory and legislative framework 
The Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ revenues, and the conduct of their activities, are dependent on actions and 
decisions of regulatory and legislative bodies. As for the year 2021, 94.7% of the Fluvius Economic Group’s 
turnover was derived from regulated activities (being the distribution of electricity and gas). In the same year, 
approximately another 3% of the Fluvius Economic Group’s turnover was derived from sewerage, which is also 
subject to tariff regulations. The related risks mainly include the following: 
The Issuer and the Guarantors are subject to extensive and evolving regulations and legislation which may 
affect their operational and financial performance. 
The Issuer’s and Guarantors’ activities are subject to extensive regulations and legislation at three levels: 
European, Belgian federal and Flemish regional. For an overview of the current regulatory and legislative 
framework applicable to the Guarantors, please refer to section 4 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework 
applicable to the Guarantors’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
The applicable regulatory and legislative framework for gas and electricity distribution has been amended over 
the course of 2021 and 2022, amongst other things to implement elements of the Clean Energy Package1 that 
1 
Please see section 9.2 – ‘Trends in the energy sector’ for further information on the Clean Energy Package.

--- Page 16 ---
Risk factors 
16 
fall within the regional competences, which have led to increased requirements and obligations on distribution 
system operators (“DSOs”) such as certain of the Guarantors, including regarding energy efficiency and 
performance, and onshore renewables. It is expected to further evolve in the future. In the coming years, further 
amendments can in particular be expected to the Flemish legislative framework, notably in response to 
anticipated future European legislation that may result from the vast set of legislative proposals (including on 
energy efficiency, energy performance and renewables) that have been published, and are still to be published, 
by the European Commission to achieve its Green Deal targets (the “Fit for 55” package).2 Given its role as 
operator of critical infrastructure in the distribution of electricity and gas, the Fluvius Economic Group is bound 
to play an important role in the decarbonisation of society. While it has an ambitious plan to fulfil that role, 
including an ambitious capex plan, the timely achievement of the EU Green Deal goals and targets will depend 
on many different actors and circumstances, including legislative change, which are beyond the Issuer’s 
influence. The Issuer follows all these developments closely as a key stakeholder and remains committed to 
complying with its evolving legal and regulatory obligations in the most timely and efficient manner. 
Other aspects related to the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ activities that might change due to legislative or 
regulatory measures are, for example, the public service obligations (the introduction of new public service 
obligations or the extension or withdrawal of existing ones), additional capex requirements for the Guarantors 
and restrictions within the frameworks of the energy transition, the climate objectives, technological progress 
or others.3 All of such amendments may negatively impact the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ operations and 
profitability or impose substantial encumbrances on the operational efficiency of the Issuer and Guarantors. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Future changes in public service obligations may require the Issuer 
and the Guarantors to pre-finance certain costs vis-à-vis their customers, having a negative impact on their 
liquidity position”. 
The Fluvius Economic Group is also subject to regulatory and legislative requirements in relation to their 
sewerage activities. For these activities, the applicable European and Flemish legislation requires that the 
existing sewerage systems are enhanced and that large parts of the current sewerage infrastructure are gradually 
replaced by a split system for wastewater and rain. There remain uncertainties about the timeline and volume 
of the investments that will be required for implementing these obligations and the modifications to the tariffs 
that subsequently will have to be implemented to absorb these investments. Depending on the measures which 
would be imposed and how they will be financed, such investments might lead to an adverse change in the 
Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ financial position and outcomes. For more information, please refer to section 3.4 
– ‘Organisation of the Flemish sewerage market’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’.  
For the cable television activity, the Belgian Institute for Postal Services & Telecommunication (the “BIPT”) 
takes up the role of regulator. Although its impact is currently limited, the BIPT’s regulatory impact may, 
however, become more important if and when the Issuer and/or the Guarantors engage in activities of data 
communication networks. 
Any further developments of, and changes to, the regulatory and legislative framework governing the activities 
of the Issuer and the Guarantors, including those adopted in the context of the EU’s climate agenda and the 
energy transition and energy independence aims, as well as the interplay between regulations and legislations 
at the various levels, may cause uncertainty and can affect the activities, financial condition and results of the 
Issuer and the Guarantors as such developments and changes can impose more extensive requirements and 
obligations on the Issuer and the Guarantors. Failure to meet such regulatory and legislative requirements could 
2 
Please see section 9.2 – ‘Trends in the energy sector’ for further information on the Fit for 55 package. 
3 
One very recent change introduced on 18 March 2022, which is worth mentioning, is the end of the right to connect residential and non-
residential buildings for which an environment (single) permit is requested for new constructions as of 1 January 2026, to the public gas 
distribution system.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk factors 
17 
also result in administrative actions and sanctions, which could adversely affect the Issuer and the Guarantors 
and, therefore, the position of the Noteholders, as this can lead to difficulties in satisfying the payment 
obligations under the Notes. In addition, any amendment to the Belgian institutional framework, including in 
relation to the division of competences between the federal and the regional level, may also impact the Issuer’s 
and the Guarantors’ roles and responsibilities. Finally, future evolutions in the Flemish context for regulating 
utility services, such as the possible merger of regulators (for energy, water, telecom, etc.) or more intense data 
exchanges between these regulators, might also impact the Issuer’s and/or Guarantors’ operations and, 
therefore, their financial position and results. 
The tariff methodology for the period 2021-2024 and future regulations or changes to gas, electricity and/or 
sewerage tariffs, for example if these are not in line with the European internal energy market (if applicable), 
may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ assigned credit ratings, ability to obtain funding 
and, hence, on their operational performance. 
The revenue and profitability of the Issuer and the Guarantors are to a large extent dependent on a tariff 
methodology applied during a set tariff period (for electricity and gas distribution this is typically four years), 
which will drive the financial income which the Issuer and the Guarantors can accumulate in relation to their 
activities. 
The competence relating to the grid distribution tariffs for electricity and gas is with the regional regulators. In 
the Flemish Region, the Flemish Regulator of the Electricity and Gas Market (the “VREG”) is fully vested 
with the powers to determine the tariff methodology. 
Both the VREG and the Flemish Government are, however, bound by the general principles enshrined in the 
Third Energy Package4 and (for electricity) the Clean Energy Package (and to extent the proposals become law, 
the Fit for 55 package), all consisting of a set of EU Directives and Regulations relating to the European internal 
energy market. In particular, the VREG needs to bear in mind that the tariff methodology should guarantee the 
long-term ability of the system to meet reasonable demands for the distribution of electricity and gas. In 
addition, the tariff methodology should allow the Guarantors to ensure the necessary investments in their 
networks to be carried out in a manner allowing those investments to ensure the viability of the networks. 
Increasingly, tariff legislation places a focus on the facilitation and incentivising of flexibility, demand-
response, distributed generation, storage and energy efficiency services, including through aggregation or via 
energy communities, by providers independent from the DSOs (including non-discriminatory network access 
for these providers and their customers). 
For the current regulatory period 2021-2024, the VREG established a new tariff methodology, which was 
amended on several occasions since its initial adoption on 13 August 2020 to account for regulatory changes 
and a judgment of the Constitutional Court impacting the tariff structure. For this and other reasons, the entry 
into force of the new tariff structure for electricity, including a capacity tariff, has been postponed to 1 July 
2022.5 The DSOs can be subject to a malus up to EUR 1 million per month of delay in implementing this new 
tariff structure, with a potential adverse impact on their revenues and cashflows. Please refer to section 4.1.5 – 
‘Other tariff-related topics – tariff structure’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’ for 
more information.  
The tariff methodology, for example, provides for a fixed cost of debt that is taken into account when calculating 
the allowed income of the Issuer and the Guarantors. Any real cost of debt in excess of the percentage 
4 
Please see section 2.4 – ‘Regulatory framework for the Flemish energy DSOs (electricity and gas)’ for further information on the Third Energy 
Package. 
5 
On 16 May 2022, the VREG launched a consultation round on a proposal to further postpone the entry into force of the changes to the tariff 
structure to 1 January 2023.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk factors 
18 
predetermined by the VREG cannot be recovered through the distribution tariffs, with adverse consequences 
for the Issuer and the Guarantors. For more information in relation to the tariff methodology for grid distribution 
and the underlying principles of the methodology, please refer to section 4.1.3 – ‘Tarification principles (2021-
2024)’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
The Issuer and Guarantors are of the opinion that the financial position of the Guarantors may be negatively 
impacted by the tariff methodology established for the period 2021-2024. In line with its objective to incentivise 
the Guarantors as much as possible towards cost efficiency, the VREG has reduced the parameters for setting 
the allowed incomes. This is expected to result in a downward trend for the revenues and cash flows that can 
be generated by the Guarantors in their regulated businesses of electricity and gas distribution. The new tariff 
methodology also inspired Moody’s and Creditreform’s decisions at that time to lower the Issuer’s credit rating 
outlook from ‘stable’ to ‘negative’. Since, Moody’s updated the Issuer’s credit rating outlook again to ‘stable’ 
(as from 29 October 2021), while Creditreform maintained its ‘negative’ outlook in its latest update of 28 
October 2021. For further information, please refer to section 7.2 – ‘Significant changes in the financial position 
and prospects of the Guarantors’.  
Although the tariff methodology was amended unfavourably in certain respects for the Issuer and Guarantors, 
the VREG argues that the general principles of the Third Energy Package and the Clean Energy Package are 
still respected and that the methodology allows the necessary investments to be made in order to ensure the 
long-term viability of the energy distribution grids. It is uncertain, however, to what extent the general principles 
will still be taken into account by the Flemish Government and/or by the VREG with respect to future regulatory 
and/or legislative changes and tariff methodologies. 
The current tariff structure for electricity, referred to above, differs from the previous tariff structure due to the 
introduction of a novel cost carrier: the average monthly peak power consumption (measured over the preceding 
12-month period), as registered by the digital meter (which comes in addition to the existing cost carrier, 
volume). As a consequence, end users will be penalised for a higher peak consumption, thus incentivising them 
to time spread their electricity consumption. The capacity tariff is expected to increase cost reflectivity in the 
electricity networks (because investments in the network infrastructure are mainly required to support peak 
consumption) and to stimulate electrification (as the volume-based component in the end customers’ energy bill 
decreases). The capacity tariff will not have an impact on the allowed income of the Issuer or the Guarantors as 
a whole. However, the Guarantors might benefit from a capacity tariff if and when customers, in response, 
successfully decrease their peak consumption, as this would reduce the need for future capital expenditures for 
network capacity upgrades. This becomes increasingly relevant, especially as more and more electric vehicles, 
heat pumps and other energy-intensive devices are connected to the electricity network. 
Indeed, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors can predict how the Flemish Government, the VREG or any other 
competent authority will establish future tariff frameworks and, in particular, what the impact will be on the 
then applicable distribution tariffs. Future actions and/or interpretations by the Flemish Government and/or by 
the VREG may impact the financial condition, the assigned credit rating and the quality of service of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors and impact their capacity to invest in their activities and obtain funding. As a result, this 
could adversely affect the position of the Noteholders as this could limit the possibility for the Issuer and the 
Guarantors to meet their obligations under the Notes. 
As to the sewerage tariffs, the sewerage operators themselves can decide on the tariffs, albeit within the limits 
set by the applicable tariff structure and the applicable maximum tariff. Please refer to the paragraph entitled 
‘Contribution and compensation’ in section 3.4 – ‘Organisation of the Flemish Sewerage Market’ in Part VII – 
‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’ for further details in this respect. The future evolution of the 
maximum tariff, if negative or insufficient to cover increased investments, entails a particular risk for the 
financial position of the Guarantors with such sewerage activities and, therefore, of the Issuer.

--- Page 19 ---
Risk factors 
19 
The settlement of deviations from budgeted values and actual values may impact the financial condition of the 
Issuer and the Guarantors and, more specifically, their liquidity position and profitability. 
Grid distribution tariffs are set pursuant to forecasts of volumes of gas and electricity distributed over the grids, 
costs and revenues. Deviations between real volumes of gas and electricity distributed and budgeted volumes 
and between effectively incurred costs and revenues and budgeted costs and revenues can result in a “regulated 
debt” or a “regulated receivable”, which is recognised on an accrual account. The financial settlement of any 
such deviations is taken into account when setting the tariffs for the next period. In the short term, this process 
may, however, have important temporary effects on the liquidity position of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors. 
For the period of January and February 2022, the Fluvius Economic Group noticed a markable decline in the 
volumes of gas consumption compared to the same period in 2021. Please also refer to the risk factor “Risk of 
financial impact due to general sharp increases in energy prices”. 
Regardless of deviations between forecasted parameters and actually incurred costs and revenues, the VREG 
takes the final decision as to whether the incurred costs and revenues are deemed reasonable to be included in 
the tariff calculation. This decision can result in the acceptance or rejection of such costs or revenues. To the 
extent that certain elements are rejected, the corresponding amounts will not be taken into account for the setting 
of tariffs for the next period. While the Issuer and/or the Guarantors can ask for a judicial review of any such 
decision by the VREG, any such rejection of costs (if confirmed) may be more significant in the future and 
have an overall negative impact on the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ profitability and, therefore, on the 
Noteholders (in particular where Notes are issued with a long maturity). For further information on how the 
distribution tariffs are applied, please refer to section 4.1.3 – ‘Tarification principles (2021-2024)’ in Part VII – 
‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
The Issuer’s approval as operating company and the Guarantors’ DSO licenses may be terminated early or not 
renewed, which would have negative consequences on the Issuer’s and the relevant Guarantors’ activities and 
revenue streams. 
The Guarantors6 were originally appointed (“licensed”) as DSOs on 5 September 2002 (for electricity) and on 
14 October 2003 (for gas) for a period of twelve years, each time pursuant to a decision of the VREG. These 
appointments were renewed upon the expiry of the twelve-year period. 
The relevant Guarantors’ DSO licenses for electricity were renewed on 30 September 2014 (PBE), 27 January 
2015 (Fluvius West), 3 February 2015 (Gaselwest, Intergem, Imewo, Iverlek, Iveka and Sibelgas), 24 February 
2015 (Fluvius Limburg) and 25 April 2019 (Fluvius Antwerpen). All renewals are for a twelve-year period 
starting on 5 September 2014 and expiring on 5 September 2026.7 All relevant Guarantors’ DSO licenses for 
gas were renewed on 29 September 2015, except for Fluvius Antwerpen, whose license was renewed on 
25 April 2019. An amendment to the license of Fluvius Antwerpen was confirmed by the VREG on 28 January 
2020 to allow for the transfer of four municipalities from Iveka to Fluvius Antwerpen. Furthermore, by 
decisions of 6 October 2020 (published on 8 October 2020), the VREG appointed Imewo as the electricity and 
gas DSO for the whole city of Deinze as per 1 January 2021, and ended the appointment of Gaselwest as 
electricity and gas DSO for Deinze as of the same date.8 All renewals are for a twelve-year period starting on 
14 October 2015 and expiring on 14 October 2027.  
6 
This excludes, in relation to electricity and gas distribution, Riobra, and in relation to gas distribution only, PBE. 
7 
For the sake of completeness, it can be noted that Fluvius Limburg was finally appointed as DSO for the territory of the municipality of Voeren 
by a decision of the VREG of 7 November 2016, for a twelve-year period starting on 1 January 2016 and expiring on 1 January 2028. 
8 
VREG documents ‘BESL-2020-55’ (available at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2020-55) and ‘BESL-2020-56’ (available at 
https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2020-56), both published on 8 October 2020. Information contained on these websites does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 20 ---
Risk factors 
20 
The Issuer was approved as the operating company of the individual Guarantors pursuant to a decision of the 
VREG of 26 June 2018 for a duration parallel to the duration of the appointment of the individual Guarantors 
as DSO for electricity and/or gas. The VREG can withdraw its approval of the Issuer as operating company if 
the Issuer no longer complies with the criteria of its appointment (i.e., the same as for the DSO license and 
regarding the control of the DSO over the operating company) and the unbundling requirements. 
The DSO license is automatically terminated in the event of bankruptcy9, liquidation or merger. In addition, the 
VREG can revoke a Guarantor’s DSO license in accordance with the Flemish Decree of 8 May 2009 containing 
general provisions on energy policy, as amended 10  (the “Energy Decree”) in each of the following 
circumstances: 
(i)
a significant change in the shareholding of the DSO or its operating company that may jeopardise the 
independent grid operation or the data management activities;
(ii)
a heavy breach by the DSO or its operating company of its obligations under the Energy Decree and 
implementing legislation; and
(iii)
a heavy breach of compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation11 (the “GDPR”). 
If the license of a Guarantor as a DSO or the approval of the Issuer as the Guarantors’ operating company is 
terminated before the expiry of the appointment or approval or is not renewed upon termination, there may be 
material, negative consequences on the Issuer’s and the relevant Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams. 
This could lead to the inability for the Issuer and the Guarantors to satisfy their payment obligations under the 
Notes. As a consequence, this may adversely impact the return which a Noteholder may receive. Any such 
impact would be even more significant where the licenses of the Guarantors and the approval of the Issuer as 
the Guarantors’ operating company would be terminated at the same time. 
The Guarantors cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings and, potentially along with the Issuer, benefit 
from immunity of execution, which impacts the enforcement options of the Noteholders. 
The Guarantors, which are public law entities pursuant to the Flemish Decree of 22 December 2017 on local 
government, as amended12 (the “Local Government Decree”), cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings 
under Book XX of the Belgian Code of Economic Law. Investors should, however, note that the winding-up or 
dissolution of any of the Guarantors or any of the Guarantors ceasing or threatening to cease to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, consolidation or solvent reorganisation, constitutes an Event of Default 
under the Conditions of the Notes. 
In addition, the Guarantors are public law entities. Under Belgian law, such entities have the duty at all times 
to perform their tasks of public service (based on the concept of the continuity of the public service). Pursuant 
to Article 1412bis of the Belgian Judicial Code, assets owned by a public law entity (such as the Guarantors) 
benefit from an immunity of execution as a result of which they cannot be seized. This immunity of execution 
does not apply to assets that are manifestly not useful for the performance or the continuity of the public service, 
and is not to be considered as an immunity of jurisdiction. Investors should note that almost all of the assets for 
9 
It should be noted that in their current capacity the Guarantors are not subject to bankruptcy proceedings. Please also refer to the risk factor 
entitled “The Guarantors cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings and, potentially along with the Issuer, benefit from immunity of 
execution, which impacts the enforcement options of the Noteholders”. 
10 Decreet van 8 mei 2009 houdende algemene bepalingen betreffende het energiebeleid.
11 Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to 
the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC. 
12 Decreet van 22 december 2017 over het lokaal bestuur.

--- Page 21 ---
Risk factors 
21 
electricity distribution, gas distribution, public lighting and sewerage are deemed to fall within this category of 
non-seizable assets, amounting to more than 80% of the Guarantors’ total assets as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The above has as a consequence that for example the distribution grid infrastructure (such as cables and 
pipelines) owned by a Guarantor cannot be seized by the Noteholders in case of a default. Although this limits 
the enforcement by creditors of the obligations of the Guarantors, the benefit is that the relevant Guarantor will 
be in a position to continue performing its duties of public service and, thus, generating revenues. 
Given the Issuer’s activities, there may be an argument that the Issuer’s assets would also benefit from immunity 
of execution. This argument is not entirely convincing, mainly because the Issuer is not a public law entity. The 
immunity of execution of the Issuer can, however, not be excluded if and to the extent the Issuer’s properties 
or assets are deemed essential for the performance of its public service obligations.  
Any of the circumstances set out above may limit the enforcement possibilities of Noteholders in case of a 
default of any of the Guarantors or the Issuer, which can impact the return they would receive on their Notes. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The enforcement of the Guarantees is subject to limitations stemming 
from the particular nature of the Guarantors”. 
The Issuer, regulatory changes or legislative changes may initiate a possible merger of DSOs leading to a likely 
tariff harmonisation which may alter the Fluvius Economic Group’s financial position and prospects. 
It cannot be excluded that the Issuer will in the future initiate a process for merging some or all of the current 
Guarantors, with a potential impact on the tariffs applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. While such a 
merger, either involving some or all DSOs, would be intended to generate more efficiency and synergies in grid 
operations and in the administrative support, it may, if implemented, also lead to the competent regulator(s) 
imposing additional measures on the Issuer and/or the relevant Guarantors, e.g. in the form of extra cost savings, 
additional restrictions on operations, etc. Such measures might be harmful to the Issuer’s and or the Guarantors’ 
financials and prospects.  
In this respect, regulatory or legislative changes could also put forward the requirement of mergers and/or 
restructurings. This could then have an impact on the revenues and, therefore, the financial position of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors, potentially impacting their possibility to satisfy the obligations under the Notes. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, no such merger plans, either at the initiative of the Fluvius Economic Group 
or initiated by a public authority, are, to the knowledge of the Issuer, contemplated. Please also refer to 
section 2.2 – ‘A brief history of the Guarantors’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
A failure of the Issuer to remain appointed as operating company of the Guarantors would seriously endanger 
the Issuer’s viability. 
The Guarantors as the Issuer’s shareholders have appointed the Issuer as their operating company. This 
appointment is in line with the Energy Decree, which enables DSOs to make use of a common operating 
company. 
There is, however, a risk that some or all of the Guarantors which are currently using the Issuer as their operating 
company decide to terminate their cooperation with the Issuer. Any such termination would seriously endanger 
the Issuer’s viability and its ability to repay the principal and/or the interest (if any) on the Notes, as this would 
impact its revenues from the Guarantors and, therefore, its overall financial position. 
In practice, this risk is mitigated for Noteholders by the continued existence of the Guarantees and the fact that, 
pursuant to the Local Government Decree, every termination of cooperation by a Guarantor requires the 
approval by the General Shareholders’ Meeting of the relevant Guarantor with a majority of at least 75 per cent. 
It is, however, not excluded that notwithstanding these restrictions the appointment of the Issuer as operating

--- Page 22 ---
Risk factors 
22 
company would be terminated. In such case, the position and duties of the Guarantors would in principle not 
be called into question as the Guarantees would remain binding contractual obligations notwithstanding such 
termination. Noteholders could therefore, in case the Issuer cannot satisfy its obligations under the Notes, call 
upon the Guarantees. A Noteholder who wishes to call upon the Guarantees by the Guarantors will, however, 
be required to proceed individually against each Guarantor. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor 
entitled “The enforcement of the Guarantees is subject to limitations stemming from the particular nature of the 
Guarantors”. Investors should furthermore note that failure to remain appointed as operating company 
constitutes an Event of Default under the Conditions of the Notes. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The Issuer’s approval as operating company and the Guarantors’ 
DSO licenses may be terminated early or not renewed, which would have negative consequences on the Issuer’s 
and the relevant Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams”. 
The fixed duration of a Guarantor may not be extended, or the Guarantors may fail to retain their participating 
members, which could weaken their overall credit quality. 
In line with their legal obligations and the requirements of the Local Government Decree, the Guarantors have 
been established for a limited but renewable duration of eighteen years. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the termination dates of the respective Guarantors are as follows: 29 March 2037 for Fluvius Antwerpen, 
Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, Intergem, Imewo, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE and Sibelgas and 
24 November 2023 for Riobra. For further information, please refer to section 2.4 – ‘The status of the 
Guarantors under public law and the regulatory regime’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors’. 
If the shareholders of a Guarantor do not decide, in accordance with the procedure contained in the relevant 
articles of association, to renew the duration of the relevant Guarantor at the said termination date, the relevant 
Guarantor will be put into liquidation. Furthermore, even if a Guarantor’s shareholders decide to renew the 
duration of that Guarantor, each of the participating public authorities has the right to step out of a Guarantor at 
its current statutory termination date. 
If the decision is made not to renew the duration or if a participating public authority decides to step out of the 
Guarantor, this may have a considerable impact on the scale and the operating profits of the relevant Guarantor 
and the Issuer. The share in the estate of a Guarantor to which any resigning participating public authority is 
entitled upon its resignation in such Guarantor will be calculated by reference to the net assets of the relevant 
Guarantor, including the rights and obligations linked to that share. Given the fact that the proceeds of the Notes 
will be on-lent by the Issuer to the Guarantors, the net assets of each of the Guarantors will reflect the proceeds 
of the Notes which have been on-lent to them. 
Future changes in public service obligations may require the Issuer and the Guarantors to pre-finance certain 
costs vis-à-vis their customers, having a negative impact on their liquidity position. 
The Flemish Government has imposed a number of public service obligations on the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
These obligations are, amongst other things, related to public lighting, the rollout of digital meters, social 
measures (such as the placement of budget meters), the financial support for the development of renewable 
energy and the Guarantors’ role as supplier of last resort. It should be noted that, by decision of the Flemish 
Government, the public service obligation of operating the municipal public lighting was abolished as from 1 
January 2022 onwards. For further information on certain of these obligations, please also refer to section 3.6 
– ‘Other activities of the Issuer and the Guarantors’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
Such future public service obligations can potentially lead to substantial pre-financing needs at the level of the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantors and therefore the incurrence of additional debt on a short and/or long term. A

--- Page 23 ---
Risk factors 
23 
deteriorating debt profile may lead to a lower credit rating and higher funding costs for the Fluvius Economic 
Group. 
As a financial support mechanism, the Flemish Government has introduced a system of green certificates and 
combined heat and power (CHP) certificates. To support the secondary market for these certificates (which had 
become inefficient) and incentivise investment in renewables, an obligation was placed on the Guarantors to 
purchase those certificates at a guaranteed minimum price, combined with a temporary immobilisation 
(banking) obligation. This entails a mechanism whereby financial expenses are incurred, which can only be 
recovered (wholly or in part) by the Guarantors at a later date (i.e., in the next tariff period), therefore impacting 
their liquidity position. For further information in relation to the impact of the green and co-generation 
certificate support mechanism imposed by the Flemish authorities, please also refer to section 4.1.3 – 
‘Tarification principles (2021-2024)’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
Under the current legislative and regulatory framework, the Guarantors also act as social supplier for end 
customers, which obligations have increased due to an increasing number of residential customers in Flanders 
facing payment difficulties in light of recent increases of the energy prices and, subsequently, their commercial 
energy suppliers terminating their energy contracts. In addition, if the increased energy prices were to result in 
the bankruptcy of commercial energy suppliers, the Guarantors become the responsible supplier of last resort 
for the affected end customers, which entails a pre-financing risk for the Guarantors. In this respect, please also 
refer to the risk factor entitled “Risk of financial impact due to general sharp increases in energy prices”.
The costs (including prepayments) incurred for the performance of public service obligations by the Issuer and 
the Guarantors are, in principle, fully passed on to the end customers through the distribution tariffs. The Issuer 
and the Guarantors can ask the VREG to adapt the tariffs to cover any gaps between expenses and tariff revenues 
caused by the performance of these public service obligations. To the extent that there would be a timing 
difference between the incurrence and the recovery of such costs (as the case may be, in the next tariff period), 
the costs would have to be pre-financed by the Issuer and/or the Guarantors and, consequently, may negatively 
impact the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantors’ financial position. 
Operational risks related to the business activities of the Fluvius Economic Group 
The Issuer operates facilities that may cause significant harm to its personnel or third parties which may, in 
case of accidents, impact of climate change or external attacks, expose the Issuer to claims for damages. 
The Issuer operates facilities that may cause significant harm to the human environment or for which accidents 
or external attacks may have serious consequences. Incidents in this respect might also have judicial 
consequences and result in claims by third parties for damage compensation payments. The Issuer permanently 
tries to mitigate this type of risks by investing in the training of its own staff and personnel of the subcontractors 
it employs in the areas of security processes, the correct use of infrastructure and tools, and correct signalisation. 
Despite all of these precautionary measures, however, incidents cannot be entirely ruled out. 
Since the gas and electricity distribution systems operated by the Issuer cover large geographic areas, and 
although all reasonable precautions and safety measures have been put in place, these are vulnerable to possible 
acts of sabotage, terrorism and cyber-attacks. Any such acts may significantly disrupt the continuity of service 
and impact the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ businesses, with potentially adverse consequences for the 
Noteholders if the Issuer and the Guarantors are as a consequence thereof not able to satisfy their obligations 
under the Notes. 
Furthermore, the Issuer and the Guarantors’ assets could in the future be impacted and damaged by the effect 
of extreme weather conditions. While the flooding in the summer of 2021 mainly affected the Walloon region, 
it cannot be excluded that similar or comparable events resulting from the impact of climate change could affect 
the Issuer and the Guarantors’ infrastructure and assets in the future. Moreover, extreme rainfall may in the

--- Page 24 ---
Risk factors 
24 
future require further investments in the sewerage systems in order to enable them to better cope with the risk 
of flooding. 
The ICT systems and processes used by the Issuer, which are essential for its operations, may fail. 
The Issuer’s operations depend, to a large extent, on ICT systems (including hardware and software, but also a 
telecommunications network used for communication purposes). These ICT systems are essential for an 
efficient and reliable operation of the electricity and gas networks operated by the Issuer. A failure in its ICT 
systems or processes may result in below-par quality of service and a discontinuity of service delivery to end 
consumers with the potential to negatively impact the financial performance of the Issuer. This financial impact 
could, for example, follow from the requirement for the Issuer to undertake (substantial) investments in order 
to solve the relevant problems and/or from penalisations imposed by the regulator. Any failure may furthermore 
lead to a negative market perception of the Issuer. 
The Issuer has taken extensive protective measures with a view to safeguard its ICT systems. These measures 
cannot, however, guarantee that system failures will not occur. The Issuer has furthermore prepared a business 
continuity planning which contains an extensive set of measures in case of a failure of its ICT systems and 
processes. This tool should enable the Issuer to resume its activities as soon as possible and to the largest extent 
possible in the case of a calamity, but it will likely not be able to prevent all possible impact of such failure on 
the Issuer’s systems and the Fluvius Economic Group’s activities as a whole. Hence, the risk remains that the 
protective measures and the business continuity planning of the Issuer would prove to be inadequate and that 
the Issuer and the Fluvius Economic Group are negatively affected. 
The Fluvius Economic Group databases may be deficient, hacked or subject to cyber-attacks; the data managed 
by it may be incorrect and it may be in breach of GDPR. 
The Fluvius Economic Group collects and stores sensitive data, its own business data, data relating to its 
customers and data of its suppliers and business partners in internal databases. Such data relate, for example, to 
usage, customer addresses and the status of customers as protected customer. The sensitivity of these data 
increases with the rollout of the digital meters, as this allows the Fluvius Economic Group to collect additional 
and more detailed usage data per end customer. 
In this respect, the different entities of the Fluvius Economic Group are subject to several privacy and data 
protection rules and regulations, including the GDPR. The Energy Decree lists a number of tasks of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors in relation to data management. In addition, it imposes specific obligations in relation to 
confidentiality of commercially sensitive information, non-discrimination and the processing of personal data 
obtained from digital, electronic and analogous meters, in accordance with the GDPR. Compliance with these 
obligations is monitored and sanctioned by the VREG (subject to certain specific powers of the responsible 
officer for data protection and the Flemish Privacy Commission) and require continuous adaptation of the 
processes and the putting in place of new processes to ensure compliance. Non-compliance can have a far-
reaching impact, taking into account the fact that the VREG can revoke a Guarantor’s DSO license in 
accordance with the Energy Decree in case of a heavy breach of compliance with the GDPR. In this respect, 
please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The Issuer’s approval as operating company and the Guarantors’ 
DSO licenses may be terminated early or not renewed, which would have negative consequences on the Issuer’s 
and the relevant Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams”. 
If the data in the databases turn out to be insufficient or incorrect, such a situation may severely hinder the 
Issuer and the Guarantors in carrying out their duties, which is expected to result in additional costs or losses. 
In this respect, contractual agreements have been put in place between the grid operators and the relevant 
commercial energy suppliers regarding incorrect data being supplied by the former to the latter. The information 
contained in the databases might furthermore lead to possible intrusions on privacy of consumers, in particular 
taking into account the potentially sensitive nature thereof. Finally, important system hardware and software

--- Page 25 ---
Risk factors 
25 
failures, failure of compliance processes, computer viruses, malware, cyber-attacks, accidents or security 
breaches could occur. Any such events could impair the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to provide 
all or part of their services and may in general result in a breach of their legal and/or contractual obligations. 
This could furthermore lead to reputational damage for the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
The escalating tensions between Russia and Western countries and, more generally, the increased geopolitical 
instability, have increased the threat of cyber-attacks on operators of vital infrastructure for the economy. In this 
context, the Issuer augmented in February 2022 the detection capacity for cyber intrusion with respect to 
essential business processes to a higher state of alert. The Issuer does not have direct connections to Ukraine or 
Russia.  
Due to the essential activities of the Issuer in relation to public safety, the Issuer aligns with the Network and 
Information Security Directive (Directive (EU) 2016/1148 or the “NIS Directive”) 13  as adopted by the 
European Union and transposed by the Belgian governments. Although the Issuer has taken extensive 
precautions to keep its databases up-to-date and protected and to prevent breaches of privacy, it cannot be 
excluded that such breaches do occur and that, consequently, the Issuer will be faced with claims in this respect. 
In case of inadequacies or loss, the Issuer’s operations may be severely hindered, which can potentially 
adversely affect its financial position and therefore hamper its potential to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Risk of financial impact due to general sharp increases in energy prices. 
Since September 2021, the commodity prices on the global electricity and gas trading markets have shown 
substantial increases, which may have a number of consequences. This trend has been reinforced by the conflict 
between Russia and Ukraine that started in February 2022 and the consecutive global geopolitical tensions. If 
this trend continues, this might lead to an increased number of residential customers in Flanders facing payment 
difficulties and, accordingly, having their energy contracts terminated by their commercial energy suppliers. 
Under the current legislative and regulatory framework, the Guarantors act as the supplier of last resort for such 
end customers, until they regain access to the commercial supply market. 
In addition, if certain commercial energy suppliers were to be forced into bankruptcy (a risk more likely to 
materialise as a result of the rising wholesale energy prices, combined with fixed price retail contracts and price 
ceilings that could be imposed on flexible price contracts), the Guarantors would also become the responsible 
supplier of last resort for the affected end customers14. This scenario materialised in December 2021, with the 
Guarantors becoming responsible for the end customers of the commercial suppliers “Vlaamse 
Energieleverancier” and “Watz” (with approximately 129,000 and 34,000 end EANs respectively15), and during 
March 2022, for the end customers of “AECO/Energie2030” (with 201 EANs). A sudden and sharp increase in 
the number of (social) customers of the Guarantors as a result of such payment difficulty or bankruptcy of their 
commercial supplier, can lead to the need for pre-financing of substantial additional expenses by the Guarantors. 
While the Guarantors would ultimately be compensated for these increased costs, the timing difference between 
the pre-financing and restitution may have a negative effect on the Guarantors’ liquidity and accordingly, the 
pre-financing may occur at less favourable terms. The volatility of energy prices increases the risk of 
commercial energy suppliers becoming insolvent and the Guarantors serving as temporary suppliers of last 
resort for the relevant customers. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Future changes in public service 
13 As part of the EU Cybersecurity Strategy, the European Union adopted the NIS Directive. The NIS Directive is the first piece of EU-wide 
cybersecurity legislation. The goal is to enhance cybersecurity across the EU. The NIS Directive was adopted in 2016 and subsequently 
transposed into national legislation by the EU Member States. 
14 The maximum period for the Guarantors to operate as supplier of last resort to household customers (consumers) was brought from 60 days 
to 12 months on 28 January 2022, with retro-active effect as of 7 December 2021. 
15 European Article Numbering. One EAN corresponds to one physical connection to a distribution grid operated by the Issuer. Accordingly, a 
customer with a connection for both electricity and gas counts as two EANs.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk factors 
26 
obligations may require the Issuer and the Guarantors to pre-finance certain costs vis-à-vis their customers, 
having a negative impact on their liquidity position” in this respect. 
The increased energy prices may also lead to volume declines due to reduced energy consumption. In principle 
the financial impact should ultimately be recovered by the Guarantors, but this will only be the case with a 
delay, given that the tariffs in relation to any given period are set in advance on a pre-estimate. Any such 
circumstances would also increase the workload and costs for the Guarantors and, consequently, for the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the increase in prices and volatility may increase the financing and refinancing risk of the Fluvius 
Economic Group and affect its liquidity. It could also increase the risk of suppliers encountering financial 
difficulty or not meeting their contractual obligations. Any of the above circumstances may negatively impact 
the Issuer’s financial condition and liquidity position and therefore also have an adverse effect on the 
Noteholders.  
A failure to achieve the cost savings target from the integration process of Eandis System Operator and Infrax 
into the Issuer may negatively affect the Issuer’s operational and financial position. 
The integration process for both ex-companies, being Eandis System Operator CVBA and Infrax CVBA, into 
the Issuer involves a number of operational and policy related challenges and risks including, among others, 
the integration of ICT systems, operational procedures and processes. Through its tariff methodology for the 
distribution of gas and electricity, the VREG has set a concrete cost savings target for the Issuer and the 
Guarantors, amounting to EUR 56 million in relation to electricity and EUR 27.5 million in relation to gas 
distribution activities for the tariff methodology established for the period 2021-202416. If the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantors do not succeed in reaching this cost savings target in a timely manner, the balance between the cost 
savings imposed by the VREG and the actual cost savings realised will have to be borne by the Guarantors. 
Such a situation would negatively impact the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantors’ operational and financial position, 
which may hamper their ability to satisfy their obligations under the Notes.  
The Issuer’s financial position may be impacted by the development of new, non-regulated activities. 
Other than its core regulated activities (i.e., the distribution of electricity and gas, public lighting17, sewerage 
and cable television infrastructure), the Issuer is currently developing and might in the future develop a number 
of new, non-regulated activities, such as the building of an advanced and fast data network. For further 
information on the fast data network, please refer to section 4.3 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework for 
Flemish CATV intermunicipalities’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
Although at the date of this Base Prospectus these activities only account for a marginal part of the Issuer’s 
revenues, it cannot be ruled out that any such activities or the development of additional non-regulated activities 
might have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s financial position, as these could require additional and potentially 
substantial investments. Consequently, this can impact the Noteholders if these activities are not successful 
from either a technical, commercial and/or financial point of view, given that this might then hamper the 
possibility for the Issuer to satisfy its payment obligations under the Notes. 
The Issuer may incur significant losses if it cannot succeed in attracting, retaining and contracting (as 
applicable) enough qualified and competent personnel and third-party suppliers and sub-contractors. 
The Issuer pursues an active recruitment policy which aims at maintaining an appropriate level of expertise and 
knowhow in a tight labour market, given the highly specialised nature of its businesses. The correct execution 
16 Source: paragraph 5.5.3.4.1 of VREG Decision of 13 August 2020 ‘BESL-2020-31’ (available at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2020-
31), as amended. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
17 It should be noted that, by decision of the Flemish Government, the public service obligation of operating the municipal public lighting has 
been abolished as from 1 January 2022 onwards.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk factors 
27 
and quality of the Issuer’s operational tasks and, thus, its financial results, depend to a certain degree on the 
knowhow, expertise and level of training of technical and other employee profiles. This dependency will even 
increase in relation to the quality incentive which has been incorporated in the regulated tariff methodology for 
electricity and gas distribution as from 2021 onwards. 
If, however, the Issuer does not succeed in attracting and retaining the staff required for its activities and, 
potentially, the expansion of its operations, the Issuer might be faced with additional expenses for outsourcing, 
intensified recruitment, training, etc., which may prove to be substantial. Furthermore, if the Issuer 
unexpectedly loses the services of one or more key individuals from a managerial or operational point of view, 
this may hamper the Issuer’s ability to successfully execute its business strategy and to maintain its current or 
expected operational activity level, which may also give rise to a negative market perception.  
In addition, the Issuer relies on various suppliers, sub-contractors and other third-party service providers for the 
implementation of certain aspects of its operational tasks. Demand for such professional services has increased 
over the past years and is expected to increase even further. Any failure to contract and rely on suppliers, third-
party service providers and sub-contractors may negatively affect the Issuer’s ability to effectively execute its 
operational tasks. 
Any such circumstances may thereby also have an adverse effect on the Noteholders if these would negatively 
impact the Issuer’s financial condition. 
The fallout of the Covid-19 pandemic may adversely affect the Fluvius Economic Group’s business activities, 
revenues and/or outlook. 
The fallout of the disease caused by the coronavirus (“Covid-19”), which was declared a pandemic by the 
World Health Organisation in March 2020 and which had a significant impact on the global, Belgian and 
Flemish economy since the initial outbreak at the beginning of 2020, remains uncertain. 
While the sharp economic downturn which was caused by Covid-19 has largely receded, a new wave of 
infections and corresponding government measures cannot be excluded. In addition, the recovery and certain 
other factors which followed after the Covid-19 downturn have led to certain frictions in the market, including 
uncertainty in relation to the supply of certain goods and volatility with sharp increases in the price of certain 
commodities. 
Possible flare-ups of the virus might once again trigger restrictive measures being imposed by the public 
authorities, which could negatively impact economic activities, the energy consumption in general and the 
Fluvius Economic Group’s financial position specifically (e.g. because of decreasing revenues due to decreasing 
energy consumption volumes, additional non-budgeted expenses to counter the impact of the virus, etc.). It may 
furthermore cause delays in the completion of the investment programme and operational activities of the 
Fluvius Economic Group. Investors should, however, note that the bulk of Fluvius Economic Group’s cash 
flows and financial performance is realised within a well-defined regulated context. Revenue decreases due to 
a reduction of energy consumption might affect the Fluvius Economic Group’s liquidity position, but such 
revenue decreases as a consequence of volume differences (i.e., the differences between volumes estimated ex 
ante in the tariff proposals submitted to the regulator and the actual volumes registered ex post) are in principle 
fully recoverable in subsequent tariff periods. Over the course of the last two financial years, the most significant 
consequences for the Fluvius Economic Group was, from an operational perspective, amongst other things, 
disruptions and delays of various operations (including regular infrastructure works, the roll-out of smart 
meters, the switch of public lighting to LED and the conversion from low-calorific to high-calorific gas 
pipelines) and problems in its supply chain (e.g. for the roll-out of its smart metering devices). 
The Issuer continues to closely monitor these developments and will attempt to take all appropriate measures 
if and when necessary to ensure business continuity, health and safety, and sound financials.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk factors 
28 
Failures of corporate governance at the level of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors may occur, leading to 
suboptimal operational and other performance or penalisations from public authorities. 
Although the Issuer and the Guarantors have put in place an extensive set of detailed governance rules and 
procedures, it cannot be completely ruled out that for example an inadequate treatment of complaints, an 
inadequate functioning of their audit or governance bodies, an inefficiency in their company administration or 
other corporate governance elements materialise. For the Fluvius Economic Group, a set of specific corporate 
governance rules and obligations apply, which are issued by competent legislators and regulators, due to their 
public service tasks and monopoly status. If any such risk materialises, this may have adverse consequences on 
the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantors’ interests or on the licenses awarded to the Issuer and/or the Guarantors, with 
potential adverse effects on Noteholders. In relation to the licenses of the Guarantors, please also refer to the 
risk factor entitled “The Issuer’s approval as operating company and the Guarantors’ DSO licenses may be 
terminated early or not renewed, which would have negative consequences on the Issuer’s and the relevant 
Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams”. 
For further information on the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ corporate governance rules, please refer to 
section 1.3 – ‘The Issuer’s corporate structure’ and section 2.4 – ‘The status of the Guarantors under public law 
and the regulatory regime’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
Insufficient technical updates and investments to the electricity grid to satisfy the needs of recent and future 
trends in electricity generation and usage may lead to fall-outs, grid disturbances and a poorer quality of 
electricity delivery. 
The Fluvius Economic Group is faced with risks relating to a number of recent evolutions in the production and 
consumption of electricity, which, if these trends are to continue, will necessitate certain changes to the 
architecture and technical capabilities of the Fluvius Economic Group’s infrastructure for electricity 
distribution. For instance, the proliferation of installations for decentralised electricity generation (e.g. solar 
modules, CHP, wind turbines and others) as well as the increasing electrification of transportation and buildings 
are not yet fully compatible with the traditional design of the electricity distribution grid. Any failure by the 
Fluvius Economic Group to adequately invest in and implement the necessary changes to the electricity 
distribution grid going forward may increase the risk of fall-outs, grid disturbances and a poorer quality of 
electricity delivery, which could expose the Issuer to a risk of losses, potential liability as well as reputational 
damage. 
For further information on the challenges caused by the decentralisation of electricity generation, please refer 
to section 9.2 – ‘Trends in the energy sector’ – ‘Decentralised Electricity Generation’. 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Fluvius Economic Group 
The level of outstanding financial debt of the Issuer and the Guarantors and their ability to issue further debt 
or securities or borrow additional funds may impact their ability to satisfy their payment obligations under the 
Notes and may increase the risk that the Issuer’s credit rating will be downgraded. 
On 31 December 2021, the aggregate financial indebtedness18 of the Fluvius Economic Group, calculated 
according to IFRS, amounted to EUR 7,196.1 million (compared to EUR 6,588.5 million as at 31 December 
2020). As at 31 December 2021, EUR 733.5 million of long-term loans was due within one year (compared to 
EUR 735.4 million as at 31 December 2020). As at 31 December 2021, the ratio of long-term and short-term 
interest-bearing debt to equity of the Fluvius Economic Group, calculated according to IFRS, was 0.993 
(compared to 0.975 as at 31 December 2020). For further information on the financial debt of the Fluvius 
18 Defined as the aggregate of current and non-current interest-bearing loans and borrowings.

--- Page 29 ---
Risk factors 
29 
Economic Group, please refer to section 5.3 – ‘Financing policy of the Fluvius Economic Group’ in Part VII – 
‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
The outstanding level of debt of the Issuer and the Guarantors might: 

make it more difficult for the Issuer and the Guarantors to satisfy their obligations under the Notes, 
including with respect to interest payments (if any);

somewhat limit their ability to obtain additional financing to operate their business;

to a certain degree limit their financial flexibility in planning for and reacting to industry changes;

increase their vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and

require them to dedicate a substantial portion of their cash flows to payments on debt, reducing the 
availability of their cash flows for other purposes. 
The Conditions do not prohibit the Issuer or the Guarantors from issuing further debt or securities or contracting 
additional indebtedness in the form of bank loans, which, in each case, may or may not be secured. Condition 3 
(Negative Pledge) only requires the Issuer and the Guarantors to grant the same security (or other security 
approved by the Noteholders by way of an Extraordinary Resolution) to the Noteholders in respect of the Notes 
in the event that security is granted for other indebtedness in the form of capital markets instruments (subject 
to certain exceptions set out in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)), but not when the Issuer or the Guarantors grant 
any security for bank loans. If the Issuer or the Guarantors would grant security for any bank loans contracted 
by any of them, the creditors of such secured loans would in case of enforcement have priority over the secured 
assets. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the Guarantors do not have secured financings and 
it is not the policy of the Issuer or the Guarantors to grant security in relation to their financings. 
Any financings currently outstanding and any future financings of the Issuer and the Guarantors may include 
similar but also different terms than the Notes. They typically include customary events of default, such as in 
relation to insolvency proceedings and cross-defaults. In circumstances where such events of default are 
triggered, this will impact the Issuer’s and/or the relevant Guarantors’ financial position and their potential to 
satisfy their obligations under the Notes. While as at the date of this Base Prospectus none of the financings 
include financial covenants, it cannot be excluded that future financings may include specific financial 
covenants. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Potential conflicts of interest could have 
an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders”. 
Given the Fluvius Economic Group’s ambitious capex plan to, amongst others, realise the investments needed 
in light of the envisaged future decarbonisation of society, the Issuer’s overall level of indebtedness is likely to 
further increase in the coming years. A significant increase of the overall indebtedness of the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantors may negatively affect the market value of the Notes, may increase the risk that the credit rating of 
the Issuer will be downgraded and may have as a consequence that the Issuer and the Guarantors will be unable 
to meet their debt obligations. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factors entitled “Credit ratings may 
not reflect all risks and a negative change in or withdrawal of a credit rating may adversely affect the trading 
price of the Notes”, “If the Issuer and/or the Guarantors do not generate positive cash flows, potentially because 
of deteriorating market conditions, they will be unable to fulfil their debt obligations” and “Difficulties in 
accessing funding or receiving funding against acceptable terms may have an adverse impact on the investment 
possibilities of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors and on the possibility for the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to 
satisfy their payment obligations under their outstanding debt instruments”.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk factors 
30 
If the Issuer and/or the Guarantors do not generate positive cash flows, potentially because of deteriorating 
market conditions, they will be unable to fulfil their debt obligations. 
The ability of the Issuer and the Guarantors to pay principal and interest (if any) on the Notes and to pay 
outstanding amounts on their other debt depends primarily on the regulatory framework and the regulated 
tariffs, as well as on their future operating performance. In this respect, investors should note that the Issuer 
generates cash flows on behalf of the Guarantors whereby its services are charged at zero-margin and with a 
net result of zero. Please also refer to the risk factors entitled “The Issuer and the Guarantors are subject to 
extensive and evolving regulations and legislation which may affect their operational and financial 
performance” and “The Issuer’s approval as operating company and the Guarantors’ DSO licenses may be 
terminated early or not renewed, which would have negative consequences on the Issuer’s and the relevant 
Guarantors’ activities and revenue streams”.
The potential for the Issuer and the Guarantors to generate positive cash flows will also be impacted by changing 
circumstances in the credit markets (as far as access to financing is concerned) and the level of the outstanding 
debt of the Issuer and the Guarantors, which, together with the increased volatility and price increases 
experienced in recent months as well as the anticipated increase in overall debt levels as a result of the 
contemplated ambitious capex plans and investments needed to bring about the energy transition, can make the 
access to financing more expensive than anticipated and could result in greater financial vulnerability. 
Consequently, it is possible that the Issuer and/or the Guarantors will not have sufficient cash flows to pay the 
principal, premium (if any) and interest (if any) on their debt. If the cash flows and capital resources are 
insufficient to allow the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to make scheduled payments on their debt, the Issuer and 
the Guarantors may have to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or 
restructure or refinance their debt. It is, however, possible that the terms of their debt do not allow these 
alternative measures or that such measures would not satisfy their scheduled debt service obligations. 
If the Issuer and/or the Guarantors cannot make scheduled payments on their debt because they are not able to 
generate positive cash flows, also taking into account potential deteriorating market conditions affecting such 
cash flows, they will be in default and, as a result thereof: 

their debt holders could declare all outstanding principal and interest (if any) to be due and payable; 
and 

their lenders could terminate their commitments. 
This will then impact the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantors’ financial position and their potential to satisfy their 
obligations under the Notes. 
Difficulties in accessing funding or receiving funding against acceptable terms may have an adverse impact on 
the investment possibilities of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors and on the possibility for the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantors to satisfy their payment obligations under their outstanding debt instruments. 
Funding risk is the risk that the Issuer and/or the Guarantors will be unable to access the funds that they need 
when it comes to refinance their debt, to attract new funding if needed or through the failure to meet the terms 
of their credit facilities. 
In this respect, the Issuer and the Guarantors also face a certain degree of market risk insofar that they are 
constrained by prevailing market conditions (on interest rates, market volatility and others) when they 
contemplate the issuance of debt, whether for a short-term or a long-term. These market conditions might 
temporarily hamper or rule out the possibility for the Issuer and the Guarantors to attract the necessary funding 
at the appropriate moment and at attractive pricing levels.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk factors 
31 
Any such situation might hamper the execution of the necessary grid or other investments and/or limit their 
possibility to satisfy their payment obligations under their outstanding debt instruments. Please also refer to the 
risk factors entitled “The level of outstanding financial debt of the Issuer and the Guarantors and their ability 
to issue further debt or securities or borrow additional funds may impact their ability to satisfy their payment 
obligations under the Notes and may increase the risk that the Issuer’s credit rating will be downgraded” and 
“A failure of the Issuer to remain appointed as operating company of the Guarantors would seriously endanger 
the Issuer’s viability”. 
As part of the mitigation efforts regarding the funding risk, the Issuer and the Guarantors aim at a diversification 
of financing sources. Short-term liquidity risk is managed on a daily basis with funding needs being fully 
covered through the availability of committed credit lines and a non-committed commercial paper programme. 
Cash is maintained, where necessary, to guarantee the solvency and flexibility of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
at all times. For further information on the financial debt and the financing policy of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors, please refer to section 5.3– ‘Financing policy of the Fluvius Economic Group’ in Part VII – 
‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
Interest rate fluctuations may negatively impact the Issuer taking into account the fact that the Fluvius 
Economic Group borrows both at fixed and variable interest rates. 
The Fluvius Economic Group is exposed to interest rate risk because entities in the Fluvius Economic Group 
borrow funds at both fixed and variable interest rates. Taking into account market circumstances, fluctuations 
may have a significant negative impact. Since September 2021, an increased volatility has been observed on 
the financial markets which increased further in February 2022 as a result of the conflict in Ukraine. In light of 
the changed interest rate environment, future (re)financings are expected to be at higher interest rates than the 
ones raised in recent years. For an overview of the financial debt outstanding at the level of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors, please refer to section 5.3 – ‘Financing policy of the Fluvius Economic Group’ in Part VII – 
‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’. 
To minimise the potential negative impact of interest rate fluctuations, the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ 
management strive to achieve an optimal ratio of fixed and variable interest rates. Furthermore, interest rate 
swaps have been entered into in relation to the vast majority of its outstanding loans with a variable interest 
rate, but it is not certain whether this will fully eliminate the risk.  
Post-retirement arrangements may lead to investment risks and interest rate risks for the Issuer. 
At the level of the Issuer, a number of post-retirement arrangements (pensions and other compensations) are in 
place for the benefit of its former and current employees. These arrangements are both of the ‘defined benefit’ 
and ‘defined contribution’ type. These arrangements are financed by contributions by employer and employees 
alike which are being collected in pension funds. As at 31 December 2021, the employee benefit liabilities 
totalled EUR 559.4 million (compared to EUR 906.5 million as at 31 December 2020). Since the start of 2022, 
the real value of the pension funds has decreased due to the generally deteriorated market conditions. For further 
information on the employee benefit liabilities, please refer to the Fluvius Economic Group’s financial 
statements which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
For the ‘defined benefits’ arrangements, the Fluvius Economic Group is faced with an investment risk, in that 
the beneficiaries have a right to a pre-defined financial target amount at retirement which the Fluvius Economic 
Group is guaranteeing irrespective of the market interest rates. The defined benefit schemes can also be 
impacted by the risk of future wage evolutions, since every wage increase results in an increase of the Issuer’s 
financial obligations towards the relevant participants.  
For the ‘defined contribution’ arrangements, the Fluvius Economic Group faces the risk of having to meet the 
interest rates guaranteed by Belgian law, irrespective of financial market conditions.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk factors 
32 
In addition to these risks, the Fluvius Economic Group’s obligations for pension and related post-retirement 
benefits are also impacted by the estimates on life expectancy used. A rise in life expectancy for the participants 
in the pension schemes results in an increase of the Fluvius Economic Group’s financial obligations. 
The Issuer, with the assistance of the pension fund managers involved, tries to mitigate these risks by closely 
monitoring the evolutions of the underlying parameters and to take all appropriate actuarial measures best suited 
to minimise the risks. 
For further information, please refer to note 24 (Employee benefit liabilities) of the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 
which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Guarantors may encounter difficulties in meeting their financial liabilities because of credit 
risk and issues in relation to their capital structure. 
In the framework of their normal business, the Issuer and the Guarantors face credit, capital structure and 
liquidity risk. 
The credit risk faced by the Issuer and the Guarantors stems from uncertainties on the liquidity and solvability 
of their counterparties. In 2021, the two largest customers together represented 57% of the turnover for the 
electricity segment and the two largest customers together represented 55% of the turnover for the gas segment 
(compared to 2020, when the three largest customers together represented 66% of the turnover for the electricity 
segment and the three largest customers together represented 63% of the turnover for the gas segment). For 
more details on the amounts of receivables, please refer to the financial accounts of the Fluvius Economic 
Group which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The Issuer and the Guarantors periodically 
assess their balance sheet structure in this respect, but have no certainty as to the appropriateness of this structure 
in relation to their activities and funding needs. In this regard, there is a risk that the Issuer and/or the Guarantors 
may encounter difficulties in meeting their financial liabilities. The Issuer and the Guarantors try to limit this 
risk to the extent possible by scrutinising cash flows continually and by making sure that credit facilities are 
available, but it is not certain whether these factors will fully eliminate the risks. 
Furthermore, the capital structure of the Issuer and the Guarantors might – at any given time – prove to be 
suboptimal in light of regulatory requirements or the applicable tariff methodology. If and when such a situation 
occurs, it poses a risk for the Issuer and the Guarantors as the regulatory tariffs are based on a ratio of 60 per 
cent. debt and 40 per cent. equity, and any suboptimal capital structure may result in adverse consequences for 
the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEES 
Risks relating to the Notes and the Guarantees generally 
The market value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Fluvius Economic Group and 
other factors. 
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Guarantors, including a 
change in credit ratings, and a number of additional factors, such as market interest and yield rates and the time 
remaining to the maturity date and, more generally, all economic, financial and political events in any country, 
including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. 
The degree to which the Issuer and the Guarantors are permitted to issue additional indebtedness may affect 
such creditworthiness. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The level of outstanding 
financial debt of the Issuer and the Guarantors and their ability to issue further debt or securities or borrow 
additional funds may impact their ability to satisfy their payment obligations under the Notes and may increase 
the risk that the Issuer’s credit rating will be downgraded”.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk factors 
33 
The structure of a particular series of Notes may also cause certain Series of Notes to be more vulnerable to 
changes in market value. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factors entitled “Optional redemption 
options of the Issuer may affect the market value of the Notes” and “The market value of Notes issued at a 
substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more than Notes issued without a substantial discount or 
premium”. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, 
which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. 
The payment of all amounts in respect of the Notes is guaranteed on a several but not joint basis, subject to the 
pro rata limitations as set out in the Guarantees. 
The obligations of each Guarantor under its respective Guarantee are guaranteed on a several but not joint basis. 
This means that if the Issuer does not comply with its payment obligations under the Notes, a Noteholder will 
need to make a claim against each of the Guarantors, each claim for a portion of the total claim of such 
Noteholder against the Issuer. The obligations of each Guarantor under its respective Guarantee shall, at all 
times, be limited to the proportional share of contributions which such Guarantor has made in the Issuer as of 
the date of the issue of the relevant Notes as set out in the relevant Final Terms, taking into account that, in 
aggregate, the sum of the amounts of the Notes covered by such Guarantees in each case adds up to 100% of 
the amount of the Notes issued. As of the date of publication of this Base Prospectus, the contributions in the 
Issuer are as set out in section 1.3 – ‘The Issuer’s corporate structure’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer 
and the Guarantors’. The contributions in the Issuer may, however, evolve over time. 
The fact that a Noteholder who wishes to call upon the Guarantees by the Guarantors will be required to proceed 
individually against each Guarantor will be more cumbersome and costly for Noteholders than would be the 
case if the Guarantees were given by the Guarantors on a joint and several basis. In addition, in the event that 
one of the Guarantors would be unable to pay the amounts due by it under its Guarantee, the Noteholder would 
not have recourse against the other Guarantors for such unpaid amounts. 
Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The enforcement of the Guarantees is subject to limitations stemming 
from the particular nature of the Guarantors”. 
The enforcement of the Guarantees is subject to limitations stemming from the particular nature of the 
Guarantors. 
Given the particular nature of the Guarantors, the enforcement of the Guarantees against each of them will be 
subject to limitations. Enforcement against the assets of the Guarantors will be limited because of the immunity 
of execution that applies to the assets of the Guarantors which are used for public services. Investors should 
note that almost all of the assets for electricity distribution, gas distribution, public lighting and sewerage are 
deemed to fall within this category of non-seizable assets, amounting to more than 80% of the Guarantors’ total 
assets as at the date of this Base Prospectus. For further information, please refer to the risk factor entitled “The 
Guarantors cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings and, potentially along with the Issuer, benefit from 
immunity of execution, which impacts the enforcement options of the Noteholders”. 
Investors should also take into account that for purposes of the concept of the ‘Fluvius Economic Group’ all 
assets and liabilities of the Guarantors are taken into account to determine the financial position. The obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes are, however, only guaranteed by each Guarantor up to the proportional share of 
contributions which such Guarantor has made in the Issuer as of the date of the issue of the relevant Notes, 
taking into account that, in aggregate, the sum of the amounts of the Notes covered by such Guarantees in each 
case adds up to 100% of the amount of the Notes issued. Please refer to the risk factor entitled “The payment of 
all amounts in respect of the Notes is guaranteed on a several but not joint basis, subject to the pro rata 
limitations as set out in the Guarantees” in this respect.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk factors 
34 
Enforcement possibilities of Noteholders are furthermore limited because of the fact that the Guarantors cannot 
be subject to bankruptcy proceedings under Book XX of the Belgian Code of Economic Law. Please also refer 
to the risk factor entitled “The Guarantors cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings and, potentially along 
with the Issuer, benefit from immunity of execution, which impacts the enforcement options of the Noteholders”. 
In addition, the Guarantors have only been established for a limited but renewable duration of eighteen years. 
Where the duration would not be renewed or terminated early, this may impair the Noteholders’ enforcement 
options against such Guarantor and/or impact the income which the Issuer would receive with potentially 
adverse consequences to the Noteholders. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The fixed 
duration of a Guarantor may not be extended, or the Guarantors may fail to retain their participating members, 
which could weaken their overall credit quality”. 
Decisions of Noteholders may bind Noteholders who were absent or voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Noteholders acting by defined majorities as provided in Condition 10(a) (Meetings of Noteholders) and 
Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) to the Conditions, whether at duly convened meetings of 
the Noteholders or by way of written resolutions or electronic consents, may take decisions that are binding on 
all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority or, as the case may be, who did not sign the relevant written 
resolution or provide their electronic consents for the passing of the relevant resolution. Such decisions relate 
to matters affecting the Noteholders’ interests generally, including the modification or waiver of any provisions 
of the Conditions. This may, for example, include decisions relating to (a reduction of) the interest payable on 
the Notes (if any) and/or the amount to be paid by the Issuer or the Guarantors upon redemption of the Notes. 
Limited secondary market liquidity may render it difficult for investors to sell their Notes or may negatively 
affect the price of such sale. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, even if such Notes are 
listed on Euronext Brussels or any other stock exchange or multilateral trading facility. Liquidity may be 
affected if Notes are allocated to only a limited number of investors or if a market for the Notes does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market 
and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
Fees, commissions and/or inducements included in the issue price and/or the offer price may negatively affect 
the yield of on the Notes. 
Investors should note that the issue price and/or the offer price of any issue of Notes may include subscription 
fees, placement fees, direction fees, structuring fees and/or other additional costs. Any such fees may not be 
taken into account for the purposes of determining the price of such Notes on the secondary market and could 
result in a difference between the original issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of such Notes 
and/or the actual bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any such difference may 
have an adverse effect on the value of Notes, particularly immediately following the offer and the issue date 
relating to such Notes, where any such fees and/or costs may be deducted from the price at which such Notes 
can be sold by the initial investor in the secondary market.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk factors 
35 
The transfer of the Notes, any payments made in respect of the Notes and all communications with the Issuer 
will occur through the NBB-SSS and Noteholders may not have a direct claim against the Issuer. 
A Noteholder must rely on the procedures of the NBB-SSS to receive payment under the Notes or 
communications from the Issuer. In the event that a Noteholder does not receive such payment or 
communications, its rights may be prejudiced but it may not have a direct claim against the Issuer therefor. The 
Issuer and the Agent will have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in 
respect of, the Notes within, or any other improper functioning of, the NBB-SSS and Noteholders should in 
such case make a claim against the NBB-SSS. Any such risk may adversely affect the rights and/or return on 
investment of a Noteholder.  
Potential conflicts of interest could have an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential investors should be aware that the Fluvius Economic Group is involved in a general business relation 
or/and in specific transactions with the Co-Arrangers and the Dealers and that they might have conflicts of 
interests which could have an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders. In this respect, the Issuer takes 
into account the applicable conflict of interest procedures as set out in the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Co-Arrangers and Dealers provide, among other things, payment 
services, investments of liquidities, short- and long-term credit facilities, bank guarantees, hedging products 
and assistance in relation to commercial paper, bonds and structured products to the Fluvius Economic Group 
for which certain fees and commissions are being paid. These fees represent recurring costs which are being 
paid to the Co-Arrangers and the Dealers as well as to other banks which offer similar services. As per end of 
March 2022, the existing financial indebtedness of the Fluvius Economic Group to Belfius Bank SA/NV 
amounts to approximately EUR 310 million, to BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV amounts to approximately EUR 395 
million and to BNP Paribas amounts to EUR 0. This may, however, evolve over time. Each of the Co-Arrangers 
and Dealers may also hold from time to time debt securities and/or other financial instruments of the Fluvius 
Economic Group. Furthermore, the Dealers and the Agent receive customary commissions in relation to the 
offer of Notes and, to the extent that any such commissions are borne by the Noteholders, such commissions 
may reduce the yield of the Notes for the relevant Noteholders. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Fees, 
commissions and/or inducements included in the issue price and/or the offer price may negatively affect the 
yield of on the Notes”. 
Certain parties involved in the issuance of the Notes may act in different capacities and may also be engaged in 
other commercial relationships, in particular, be part of the same group, be lenders, provide banking, investment 
banking or other services (whether or not financial) to other parties involved in the issuance of Notes. In such 
relationships the relevant parties may not be obliged to take into consideration the interests of the Noteholders. 
Accordingly, because of these relationships, potential conflicts of interest may arise out of the transaction. In 
particular, the terms and conditions of loan agreements between the Co-Arrangers or the Dealers and the Fluvius 
Economic Group may contain terms, including (financial) covenants, different from or not included in the 
conditions of the proposed Notes. The Noteholders should be aware of the fact that the Co-Arrangers or the 
Dealers, when they act as lenders to the Fluvius Economic Group (or when they act in any other capacity 
whatsoever), have no fiduciary duties or other duties of any nature whatsoever vis-à-vis the Noteholders and 
that they are under no obligation to take into account the interests of the Noteholders and may therefore act in 
a manner that is contrary to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features:

--- Page 36 ---
Risk factors 
36 
Optional redemption options of the Issuer may affect the market value of the Notes.  
An optional redemption feature of Notes benefiting the Issuer may affect the market value of the Notes. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. The Issuer may, for example, be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes exposes the relevant investor to the risk that the price of such Fixed Rate Note 
falls as a result of changes in the current interest rate on the capital markets (the “Market Interest Rate”). 
While the nominal rate of a security with a fixed interest rate is fixed for a specified period, the Market Interest 
Rate typically changes on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of such security is likely 
to change in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, the price of such security typically 
falls until the yield of such security is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest 
Rate falls, the price of a security with a fixed compensation rate typically increases until the yield of such 
security is approximately equal to the Market Interest Rate. Investors should be aware that the movements of 
the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of the Fixed Rate Notes and can lead to losses for the 
Noteholders if they sell such Fixed Rate Notes. 
Notes that have a fixed to floating interest rate or a floating to fixed interest rate may result in a yield for 
investors lower than market rates at the time of conversion. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this is expected to affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate 
when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks”, including EURIBOR, may adversely affect the value of Notes 
linked to or referencing such “benchmarks”. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other interest rate benchmarks or other types of rates and 
indices (as defined in Article 3 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”)), which can be used to determine the amounts payable under Notes linked to such 
benchmark, are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
The Benchmark Regulation became applicable from 1 January 2018 and applies to the provision and use of 
benchmarks as well as the contribution of input data to a benchmark within the EU. The Benchmark Regulation 
is subject to changes and reforms from time to time. Any such further reforms or changes in the future could 
have a material impact on any Notes linked a benchmark rate or index (including EURIBOR), in particular if 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are subsequently changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or

--- Page 37 ---
Risk factors 
37 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks,” 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the discontinuance or 
unavailability of quotes of certain “benchmarks”. 
Any such change or elimination of a benchmark or index could require or result in an adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 4(j)), or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest 
rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, uncertainty 
as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmarks may adversely 
affect the trading market for and return on the relevant Notes. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR (or its publication channel or replacement service), becomes unavailable, unlawful or 
unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate 
or an alternative rate, possibly adjusted in accordance with any recommendation of a relevant governmental 
body or in order to reduce or eliminate any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising 
out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. However, any such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve 
this objective and any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on 
the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning 
the availability of successor rates and alternative rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more than Notes issued 
without a substantial discount or premium. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as Green Notes, may not meet investor expectations or 
requirements (including any green or sustainable performance objective), which would not amount to an Event 
of Default. 
In respect of an issue of Green Notes, the relevant Final Terms may provide that the Issuer will use an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of the offer (as at the date of issuance of such Notes) to finance or refinance, in whole 
or in part, Eligible Green Projects that satisfy the eligibility criteria set out in the Green Financing Framework 
(Green Notes, Eligible Green Projects and Green Financing Framework each have the meaning ascribed to 
these terms in Part IX – ‘Green Financing Framework’) of the Issuer. In connection with the potential issuance 
of any Green Notes, the Issuer has requested ISS ESG (a business unit of ISS Corporate Solutions) to issue an 
independent opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) confirming that the Green Financing Framework is in 
compliance with the applicable green principles, such as the Green Bond Principles (version June 2018) 
developed by the International Capital Markets Association, the Green Loan Principles (version May 2020)

--- Page 38 ---
Risk factors 
38 
developed by the Loan Market Association. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Green Financing 
Framework has not been updated to align with the latest ICMA Green Bond Principles of June 2021. 
Furthermore, the Second Party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure 
of the relevant Series of Green Notes, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other factors that may 
affect the price or value of the Green Notes. Any such Second Party Opinion is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities, is only current as of its date of issue and does not provide an opinion on the compliance 
of any Green Notes with the Green Financing Framework. The Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuer 
or the provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or certification. A 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification may affect the value of any Green Note and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets. 
Investors should take into account that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or 
as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or to 
receive such other equivalent label. The European Union is currently developing and has already adopted 
various sustainability related rules and regulations, including Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”), 
establishing the criteria for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable 
for the purposes of establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally sustainable. The EU 
Taxonomy Regulation is subject to further development through delegated regulations and also gives rise to 
interpretation questions in its implementation, as most recently experienced by the Issuer and the Fluvius 
Economic Group in its 2021 annual report which includes for the first time reporting on the taxonomy-eligibility 
of its activities. The European Commission furthermore published a legislative proposal for a European green 
bond standard, which provides a common framework of rules for issuers of bonds that voluntarily wish to use 
the designation of ‘European green bond’ or ‘EuGB’ for bonds where the proceeds are used to finance green 
assets or projects and that pursue environmentally sustainable objectives under the EU Taxonomy Regulation. 
In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green and sustainable 
market and the interpretation questions and uncertainties that issuers may face while implementing the various 
rules, there is a risk that any Eligible Green Projects will not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future 
legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations or requirements with 
respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply 
under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Moreover, the way in which 
issuers report under the EU Taxonomy Regulation and other EU sustainable finance regulations may evolve in 
the coming years and, given the many uncertainties and outstanding questions, it cannot be excluded that this 
may result in a different classification or result than the one used for the first reports under these legislations. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding the 
use of proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects. While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal 
or equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green Notes in, or substantially in, the manner described under Part VIII 
– ‘Use of Proceeds’ and Part IX – ‘Green Financing Framework’ as soon as reasonably possible, the application 
of such amount to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, any relevant Eligible Green Projects may not 
be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timeframe, 
or such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed as planned, for reasons that are outside the Issuer’s 
control or which the Issuer is not able to anticipate19. Accordingly, the use of proceeds by the Issuer for any 
Eligible Green Projects does not necessarily meet the requirements set out in the Green Financing Framework, 
whether in whole or in part, or any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
19 Pending such allocation, the net proceeds of any Green Notes are expected to be managed in the Issuer’s treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash 
or in other short-term instruments, in accordance with the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk factors 
39 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own articles of association or other governing 
rules or investment mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or sustainability 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the 
proceeds from any particular Green Note). If the relevant Final Terms include information regarding the use of 
proceeds for any Eligible Green Project, that does not mean that no adverse environmental and/or other impacts 
will occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green 
Projects. Furthermore, although the Issuer may agree at the Issue Date of any Green Notes to allocate the 
proceeds of the Notes to finance Eligible Green Projects or to provide annual progress reports, investors should 
note that they will not be able to call upon an Event of Default under the Green Notes if the Issuer would fail 
to do so or if the Second Party Opinion would be withdrawn as this is not provided for in the Conditions. Finally, 
the failure of any of the Eligible Green Projects to meet any or all investor expectations regarding such ‘green’ 
or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives may affect the value of any particular Green Note and/or 
have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and a negative change in or withdrawal of a credit rating may adversely 
affect the trading price of the Notes. 
The Issuer has been rated and one or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the 
Notes, as will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of 
all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect 
the Issuer and/or the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. For an overview of the credit ratings of the 
Issuer, please refer to section 1.4 – ‘The Issuer’s corporate ratings’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and 
the Guarantors’. 
In addition, any negative change in or withdrawal of a credit rating assigned to the Issuer could adversely affect 
the trading price of the Notes, including where this would lead to a negative change in or withdrawal of a credit 
rating assigned to such Notes, if any. 
Risks relating to the status of the investor 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make gross-
up payments, and this would result in Noteholders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly 
adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
Condition 7 (Taxation) provides that none of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the NBB, the Agent or any other person 
will be liable for or otherwise be obliged to pay, and the relevant Noteholders will be liable for and/or pay, any 
tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment whatsoever which may arise as a result of, or in connection 
with, the ownership, any transfer and/or any payment in respect of the Notes, except as provided in Condition 7 
(Taxation). Pursuant to Condition 7 (Taxation), neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors will, among others, be 
obliged to pay any additional amounts with respect to any Note to a Noteholder who, at the time of acquisition 
of the Notes, was not an Eligible Investor or to a Noteholder who was such an Eligible Investor at the time of 
acquisition of the Notes but, for reasons within the relevant Noteholders' control, either ceased to be an Eligible 
Investor or, at any relevant time on or after its acquisition of the Notes, otherwise failed to meet any other 
condition for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the Belgian Law of 6 August 1993 on 
transactions in certain securities. The application of this Condition, and the exemptions included therein, may 
therefore have an impact on the return which an investor receives on its Notes. 
Belgian withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30 per cent., will in principle apply to the interest on the Notes 
held in a non-exempt securities account in the NBB-SSS. If a payment were to be made to a Noteholder holding 
the Notes in such non-exempt account, neither the Issuer, nor the Guarantors, nor the Agent nor any other person

--- Page 40 ---
Risk factors 
40 
would be obliged to pay any additional amounts with respect to these Notes as a result of a deduction or 
withholding for the Belgian withholding tax.

--- Page 41 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
41 
PART III – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus (it being understood that 
only the pages of the relevant documents cross-referred below shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus): 
(a)
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020, together with the auditor’s report thereon (available on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-04/fluvius-economic-group-ifrs-31122020.pdf);
(b)
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021, together with the auditor’s report thereon (available on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-04/economic-group-fluvius-consolidated-financial-
statements-ifrs-31-12-2021_0_0.pdf);
(c)
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 
2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(available 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-04/fluvius-so-consolidated-group-ifrs-31122020.pdf);
(d)
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021, together with the auditor’s report thereon (https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2022-
05/fluvius-so-group-consolidated-financial-statements-ifrs-2021-en.pdf);
(e)
the audited annual financial statements of Fluvius Antwerpen as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019, together with the auditor’s report thereon (only available in Dutch on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-06/financieel-verslag-2019-fluvius-antwerpen.pdf);
(f)
the audited annual financial statements of Fluvius Antwerpen as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020, together with the auditor’s report thereon (only available in Dutch on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/fluvius-antwerpen-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf);
(g)
the audited annual financial statements of Fluvius Limburg as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-06/financieel-verslag-2019-fluvius-limburg.pdf);
(h)
the audited annual financial statements of Fluvius Limburg as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/fluvius-limburg-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf);
(i)
the audited annual financial statements of Fluvius West as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-06/financieel-verslag-2019-fluvius-west.pdf);
(j)
the audited annual financial statements of Fluvius West as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/fluvius-west-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf);
(k)
the audited annual financial statements of Gaselwest as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-06/financieel-verslag-2019-gaselwest.pdf);
(l)
the audited annual financial statements of Gaselwest as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/gaselwest-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf);

--- Page 42 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
42 
(m)
the audited annual financial statements of Imewo as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-06/financieel-verslag-2019-imewo.pdf);
(n)
the audited annual financial statements of Imewo as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/imewo-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf);
(o)
the audited annual financial statements of Intergem as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-06/financieel-verslag-2019-intergem.pdf);
(p)
the audited annual financial statements of Intergem as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/intergem-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf);
(q)
the audited annual financial statements of Iveka as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-06/financieel-verslag-2019-iveka.pdf);
(r)
the audited annual financial statements of Iveka as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/iveka-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf);
(s)
the audited annual financial statements of Iverlek as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-06/financieel-verslag-2019-iverlek.pdf);
(t)
the audited annual financial statements of Iverlek as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/iverlek-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf);
(u)
the audited annual financial statements of PBE as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-06/financieel-verslag-2019-pbe.pdf);
(v)
the audited annual financial statements of PBE as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-06/pbe-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf);
(w)
the audited annual financial statements of Riobra as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-06/financieel-verslag-2019-riobra.pdf);
(x)
the audited annual financial statements of Riobra as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together 
with 
the 
auditor’s 
report 
thereon 
(only 
available 
in 
Dutch 
on 
https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-07/riobra-financieel-verslag-2020.pdf);
(y)
the audited annual financial statements of Sibelgas as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019, 
together with the auditor’s report thereon (available on https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-
06/jaarverslag-sibelgas-2019.pdf); and

--- Page 43 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
43 
(z)
the audited annual financial statements of Sibelgas as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, 
together with the auditor’s report thereon (available on https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-
06/jaarverslag-sibelgas-2020.pdf). 
Any statement contained in a document or part of a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the 
FSMA in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or 
contained in a document incorporated by reference therein) shall be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained in any such supplement (or contained in a document incorporated by reference 
therein) modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein can be obtained free of charge from the 
website of the Issuer (https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations). The information on the website of the 
Issuer does not form part of this Base Prospectus, except to the extent that such information is explicitly incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The Issuer confirms that it has obtained the approval from (i) its auditor to incorporate by reference into this Base 
Prospectus the auditor’s reports relating to the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Fluvius 
Economic Group and of the Issuer as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 
and (ii) the auditors of the Guarantors to incorporate by reference into this Base Prospectus the auditor’s reports 
relating to the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantors as of and for the financial years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, (ii) the 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021 and (iii) the audited financial statements of the Guarantors as of and for the financial years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. Information included in these documents which is not included in the 
below cross-reference lists is not incorporated in, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus and is considered 
to be additional information which is either not relevant for investors, is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
or is not required by the relevant schedules of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, 
content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020. 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
p. 4 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 5 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
p. 6 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 7 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
p. 8-9 
Notes 
p. 10-100

--- Page 44 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
44 
Statutory auditor’s report 
p. 101-104 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021. 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
p. 4 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 5 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
p. 6 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 7 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
p. 8-9 
Notes 
p. 10-96 
Statutory auditor’s report 
p. 97-99 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020. 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
p. 3 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 4 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
p. 5 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 6 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
p. 7 
Notes 
p. 8-57 
Statutory auditor’s report 
p. 58-62 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2021. 
Condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss 
p. 3 
Condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p. 4 
Condensed consolidated statement of financial position 
p. 5 
Condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity 
p. 6 
Condensed consolidated statement of cash flows 
p. 7 
Notes 
p. 8-57 
Statutory auditor’s limited review report 
p. 58-65 
Audited financial statements of Fluvius Antwerpen as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 7-17 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 19-22

--- Page 45 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
45 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 31-34 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 36-38 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 40-76 
Audited financial statements of Fluvius Antwerpen as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 7-23 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 25-28 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 39-42 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 44-46 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 48-85 
Audited financial statements of Fluvius Limburg as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2019. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-16 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 18-21 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 28-31 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 33-35 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 37-75 
Audited financial statements of Fluvius Limburg as of and for the financial year ended 
31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 5-19 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 21-24 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 35-38 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 40-42 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 44-84 
Audited financial statements of Fluvius West as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-18 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 20-23 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 31-34 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 36-38

--- Page 46 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
46 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 40-74 
Audited financial statements of Fluvius West as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-21 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 22-26 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 37-40 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 42-44 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 46-81 
Audited financial statements of Gaselwest as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-18 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 20-23 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 32-35 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 37-39 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 41-73 
Audited financial statements of Gaselwest as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-19 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris)  
p. 21-24 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 35-38 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 40-42 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 44-76 
Audited financial statements of Imewo as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-17 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 19-22 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 32-35 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 37-39 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 41-75

--- Page 47 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
47 
Audited financial statements of Imewo as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-18 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 20-23 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 34-37 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 39-41 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 43-76 
Audited financial statements of Intergem as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-17 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 19-22 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 31-34 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 36-38 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 40-72 
Audited financial statements of Intergem as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-18 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 20-23 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 33-36 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 38-40 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 42-74 
Audited financial statements of Iveka as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-19 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 21-24 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 33-36 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 38-40 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 42-74

--- Page 48 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
48 
Audited financial statements of Iveka as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-18 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 20-23 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 34-37 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 39-41 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 43-76 
Audited financial statements of Iverlek as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-18 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 20-23 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 33-36 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 38-40 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 42-74 
Audited financial statements of Iverlek as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-18 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 20-23 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 34-37 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 39-41 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 43-76 
Audited financial statements of PBE as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-15 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 17-20 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 27-30 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 32-34 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 36-72

--- Page 49 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
49 
Audited financial statements of PBE as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 5-16 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 18-21 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 32-35 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 37-39 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 41-81 
Audited financial statements of Riobra as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 6-10 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 12-15 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 22-25 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 27-29 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 31-60 
Audited financial statements of Riobra as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Financial report of the board of directors (Financieel verslag van de raad van 
bestuur) 
p. 5-10 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris)  
p. 12-15 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling) 
p. 22-25 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening) 
p. 27-29 
Legal explanatory statement (Wettelijke toelichting) 
p. 31-65 
Audited financial statements of Sibelgas as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2019. 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling per 31 december 2019) 
p. 36-37 
Commentaries to the balance sheet (Commentaar op de balans) 
p. 38-41 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening per 31 december 2019) 
p. 42-44 
Explanatory statement (Toelichting) 
p. 45-57 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 60-62 
Audited financial statements of Sibelgas as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020. 
Balance sheet (Balans na winstverdeling per 31 december 2020) 
p. 36-37

--- Page 50 ---
Documents incorporated by reference 
50 
Commentaries to the balance sheet (Commentaar op de balans) 
p. 38-41 
Statement of profit or loss (Resultatenrekening per 31 december 2020) 
p. 42-44 
Explanatory statement (Toelichting) 
p. 45-57 
Statutory auditor’s report (Verslag van de commissaris) 
p. 60-62

--- Page 51 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
51 
PART IV – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (excluding italicised paragraphs) is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms, will apply to the Notes. In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in 
this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in 
respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. 
Fluvius System Operator CV, a Belgian cooperative company with its registered office at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 
9090 Melle, Belgium and enterprise number 0477.445.084 (RLE Ghent, division Ghent) (the “Issuer”) has 
established a Euro Medium Term Note programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to EUR 5,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency) in aggregate principal amount of notes (the “Notes”) guaranteed by the 
Guarantors (as defined below) in accordance with, and subject to the pro rata limitation of, its respective Guarantee 
(as defined below). 
Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the “Final Terms”) which 
supplement these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced by the relevant Final Terms. 
Without prejudice to Article 26(5) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, in the event of any 
inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
The Notes are the subject of an agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) dated on or about 7 June 2022 between 
the Issuer and Belfius Bank SA/NV as paying agent, calculation agent and listing agent (the “Listing Agent”) and a 
service contract for the issuance of fixed income securities (the “Clearing Services Agreement”) dated 16 
November 2020 between the Issuer, the National Bank of Belgium and Belfius Bank SA/NV as paying agent. The 
paying agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Paying
Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)” and references to the “Agent” shall include a reference to the Listing Agent, 
the Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent as the context requires.  
The Notes are the subject of the Guarantees. The original of each Guarantee is held by the Paying Agent on behalf 
of the Noteholders at its specified office.  
All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final 
Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms will be made available on the website of the Issuer at 
https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations/ratings-and-bonds/bonds. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Clearing Services Agreement and the Guarantees are available for inspection 
at the specified office of the Paying Agent. 
In these Conditions, any reference to any law, decree, regulation, directive or any implementing or other legislative 
measure shall be construed as a reference to such law, decree, regulation, directive or implementing or other 
legislative measure as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time. 
1
Form, Denomination and Title and Transfer Restrictions 
(a)
Form: The Notes are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code (Wetboek van Vennootschappen en Verenigingen/Code des Sociétés et des Associations), 
as amended (the “Belgian Companies and Associations Code”) and cannot be physically delivered. The 
Notes will be represented exclusively by book entry in the records of the securities settlement system operated 
by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the “NBB-SSS”). The Notes can be 
held by their holders through direct participants in the NBB-SSS, whose membership extends to securities

--- Page 52 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
52 
such as the Notes (each a “Participant”) and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the 
Notes through any Participant. The Notes are accepted for settlement through the NBB-SSS and are 
accordingly subject to the applicable Belgian regulations, including the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 on 
transactions in certain securities, its implementing Belgian Royal Decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994 
(each as amended or re-enacted or as their application is modified by other provisions from time to time) and 
the Terms and Conditions governing the participation in the NBB-SSS and its annexes, as issued or modified 
by the NBB from time to time (the laws, decrees and rules mentioned in this Condition 1(a) being referred to 
herein as the “NBB-SSS Regulations”). The Noteholders will not be entitled to exchange the Notes into notes 
in bearer form. 
If at any time, the Notes are transferred to another clearing system, not operated or not exclusively 
operated by the NBB, these provisions shall apply mutatis mutandis to such successor clearing system 
and successor clearing system operator or any additional clearing system and additional clearing system 
operator. 
The 
list 
of 
Participants 
can 
be 
consulted 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
NBB-SSS 
(https://www.nbb.be/en/payments-and-securities/securities-settlement-system-nbb-sss) and includes, on 
the date of this Base Prospectus, among others Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt. The information on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
(b)
Denomination: The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Specified Denomination”). The minimum Specified Denomination(s) shall be at least (i) such amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and (ii) in any case, not less than EUR 100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency). The Notes may have multiple Specified Denominations, provided 
that the larger Specified Denominations are integral multiples of the smaller Specified Denominations. If the 
minimum Specified Denomination of Notes of a Series is EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency), such Notes will only be tradeable in integral multiples of EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency). 
(c)
Title: Title to the Notes will pass by account transfer. Noteholders are entitled to exercise the rights they have, 
including voting rights, making requests, giving consents and other associative rights (as defined for the 
purposes of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code) upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the 
NBB (or any Participant duly licensed in Belgium as a recognised accountholder for the purposes of the 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code (a “Recognised Accountholder”)) (or the position held by the 
financial institution through which such holder’s Notes are held with such Recognised Accountholder, in 
which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will also be required). The person who is for the 
time being shown in the records of the NBB-SSS or of a Recognised Accountholder as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes, shall for all purposes be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of Notes, and the expressions “Noteholders” and “holders of Notes” and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
2
Status of the Notes and the Guarantees 
(a)
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions 
of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and shall at all times rank pari 
passu and rateably, without any preference among themselves, and equally with all other existing and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, 
save for such obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general 
application.

--- Page 53 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
53 
(b)
Guarantees: Each of Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, Imewo, Intergem, 
Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas (each a “Guarantor”) has unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed the due and punctual payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes in accordance with, and subject to the pro rata limitation of, its respective guarantee dated 17 November 
2020, as confirmed pursuant to a guarantee confirmation dated 9 November 2021 (each a “Guarantee” and 
together the “Guarantees”). The obligations of each Guarantor under its respective Guarantee are limited to 
the proportional share of contributions which such Guarantor has made in the Issuer as of the date of the issue 
of the relevant Notes as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c)
Status of the Guarantees: The obligations of each Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of 
such Guarantor and rank and shall at all times rank equally with all other existing and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Guarantor from time to time outstanding (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law). 
As of the date of publication of the Base Prospectus, the contributions in the Issuer are as set out in 
section 1.3 – ‘The Issuer’s corporate structure in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors’. The contributions in the Issuer may evolve over time. 
3
Negative Pledge 
(a)
Negative pledge: So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, neither the Issuer nor any of its Subsidiaries 
(as defined below) nor any Guarantor will create or have outstanding any Security Interest (other than a 
Permitted Security Interest) upon or with respect to the whole or any part of its present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Debt, or to secure any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Debt, without at the same time or prior thereto according 
to the Notes the same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Debt, guarantee or 
indemnity or such other security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in Schedule 
1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders)). 
(b)
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
“Outstanding” means all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance 
with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the 
redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and 
any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid to the Agent as provided in the Agency 
Agreement, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, 
and (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions; provided that, for 
the purposes of (i) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of Noteholders and (ii) the 
determination of how many Notes are outstanding for the purposes of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge), 
Condition 10 (Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications) and Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of 
Noteholders), those Notes that are held by, or are held on behalf of, the Issuer, any Guarantor or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed 
not to be outstanding. 
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Debt issued for the 
purpose of financing all or part of the costs of the acquisition, construction or development of any project 
if the person or persons providing such financing expressly agree to limit their recourse to the project 
financed and the revenues derived from such project as the sole source of repayment for such Relevant 
Debt.

--- Page 54 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
54 
“Relevant Debt” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest 
or other amounts), in the form of or evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, loan stock or other similar 
debt instruments, whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash, and 
which are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in or traded on any stock exchange, 
or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over the counter market); for the avoidance 
of any doubt, any bank loan or intra-group loan that is granted on the basis of a loan agreement is not 
Relevant Debt.
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest.
“Subsidiary” means, at any particular time, a company or other entity which is then directly or indirectly 
controlled, or more than 50 per cent. of whose issued share capital (or equivalent) is then beneficially 
owned by the Issuer and/or one or more of its respective Subsidiaries. For this purpose, for a company 
to be “controlled” by another means that the other (whether directly or indirectly and whether by 
ownership of share capital, the possession of voting power, contract or otherwise) has the power to 
appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the board of directors or other governing 
body of that company or otherwise controls or has the power to control the affairs and policies of that 
company.
4
Interest and other Calculations
The Notes are fixed rate notes (the “Fixed Rate Notes”), floating rate notes (the “Floating Rate Notes”), zero-
coupon notes (the “Zero-Coupon Notes”) or a combination of the foregoing, depending on the Interest and 
Redemption basis specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(a)
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below:
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate);
the Independent Adviser determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce 
an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or (if the Independent Adviser 
determines that no such spread is customarily applied);
the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser 
determines in accordance with Condition 4(j)(ii) is customary in market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in the Specified Currency.
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(j)(iv).

--- Page 55 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
55 
“Benchmark Event” means:
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page for a period 
of at least 5 Business Days as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
or
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”); or 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally 
or in respect of the Notes; or
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is or will, by a specified 
future date (the “Specified Future Date”), be no longer representative of an underlying market; 
or
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party appointed by the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable).
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement 
within sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement 
is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed 
to occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date.
“Business Centre” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms.
“Business Day” means:
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for such currency and/or
in the case of euro, a day on which the NBB-SSS and the TARGET system are operating 
(a “TARGET Business Day”) and/or
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business 
Centres.
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
56 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (the “Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and:
if “Actual/ Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is so specified, means the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365).
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365.
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360.
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
360
D1)
-
(D2
]
M1)
-
(M2
[30
+
]
Y1)
-
(Y2
360
[



where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30.
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
360
D1)
-
(D2
]
M1)
-
(M2
[30
+
]
Y1)
-
(Y2
360
[



where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 57 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
57 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =  
360
D1)
-
(D2
]
M1)
-
(M2
[30
+
]
Y1)
-
(Y2
360
[



where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is so specified means:
(a)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and
(b)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year,

--- Page 58 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
58 
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date and
“Determination Date” means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Dates,
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period.
“Early Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b).
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have the single 
currency as their lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, 
as amended.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 4(j)(i).
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date.
“Interest Amount” means:
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise 
specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of 
which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period.
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is euro or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling.
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date.
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 59 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
59 
“ISDA Benchmarks Supplement” means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated as at 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms)) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as supplemented, amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. including, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement.
“Issue Date” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms.
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms.
“Optional Redemption Amount” means the amount specified for the relevant occurrence in the 
relevant Final Terms.
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms.
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the 
Reference Rate.
“Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes.
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof.
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate.
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor thereto.

--- Page 60 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
60 
(b)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(g).
(c)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
4(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant 
Final Terms, “Interest Payment Date” shall mean each date which falls the number of months or 
other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date.
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A)
the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment;
(B)
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day;
(C)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or 
(D)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined

--- Page 61 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
61 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(2)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(3)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(X) 
the offered quotation; or
(Y) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(2)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (1)(X) above 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if 
sub-paragraph (1)(Y) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, 
subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent;
(3)
if paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
62 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent 
and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting 
to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period). 
(C)
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as applicable in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at 
such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(d)
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable 
prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5(b)(i)). 
(e)
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless the 
Issuer defaults in making due provision for their redemption on said date (subject to the applicable grace 
period), in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of 
Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations) until the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)).

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
63 
(f)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding:
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to 
one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a 
negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph.
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum 
or minimum, as the case may be.
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency 
(with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the 
nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency.
(g)
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount 
(or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal 
such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises 
two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of 
such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest 
Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions 
above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be 
calculated.
(h)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
practicable on each Interest Determination Date, or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent 
may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain 
such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other 
relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange 
of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 4(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
64 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9 
(Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of 
the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or 
amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(i)
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents, if 
provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act 
as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or 
to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or 
over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination 
to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal office or any other office actively involved 
in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid.
(j)
Benchmark discontinuation:
Independent Adviser: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Accrual Period remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(j)(ii)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 4(j)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(j)(iv)). In making such determination, 
the Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(j) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent or the Noteholders 
for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4(j).
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4(j) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the immediately following Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not 
been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to 
the first Interest Period. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 4(j)(i) shall apply to the 
relevant next succeeding Interest Accrual Period only and any subsequent Interest Accrual 
Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4(j).

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
65 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 4(j)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(j)).
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be). If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) will apply without an Adjustment Spread.
Benchmark Amendments: If any relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, 
the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(j) and the 
Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either 
case, the Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the 
Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 4(j)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Agent shall, at 
the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to 
the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 4(j)).
Notices: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(j) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Agent, the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:
(A)
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the relevant Successor Rate or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate, (iii) and, in either case, the Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(j); and
(B)
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate or relevant Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread.
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
66 
and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, and the Noteholders.
Survival of Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 
4(j)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Reference Rate and the fall-back provisions provided for in 
Condition 4(c)(iii) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred.
5
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms, is its nominal amount).
(b)
Early Redemption:
Zero Coupon Notes:
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), (d) or (e) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation 
Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were 
discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 5(c), (d) or (e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9 (Events of Default) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due 
and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as 
defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgement) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and 
payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(d).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms.
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), (d) or (e) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default), shall be the 
Final Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if applicable unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not 
a Floating Rate Note) on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
67 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above) 
(together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if:
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
Belgium or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of 
such change or amendment.
(d)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If “Call Option” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes 
on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 5(b) above)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption 
or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to 
be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to 
be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer’s option, the Notes to be redeemed 
will be selected in accordance with the NBB-SSS Regulations.
(e)
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If “Put Option” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) 
above)) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.
To exercise such option the Noteholder must (i) deliver or cause to deliver to the Paying Agent a 
certificate issued by the relevant recognised accountholders certifying that the relevant Note is held to 
its order or under its control and blocked by it or transfer the relevant Note to the Paying Agent and 
(ii) deposit with the Paying Agent a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the 
form obtainable from the Paying Agent in which the Noteholder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition.
No option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior 
consent of the Issuer.

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
68 
(f)
Make Whole Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If “Make Whole Call Option” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Make Whole Call Redemption Date”)), 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at a redemption price per Note equal to such amount per Note as 
is equal to the higher of the amounts in (i) and (ii) below, as calculated by the Calculation Agent, in each case 
together with interest accrued to but excluding the Make Whole Call Redemption Date, if applicable:
the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes so redeemed; and
the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest 
(not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make Whole Call 
Redemption Date) discounted to the Make Whole Call Redemption Date on an annual basis 
(based on the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms) at the Reference Dealer 
Rate (as defined below) plus any Margin specified in the relevant Final Terms, in each case as 
determined by the Reference Dealers, 
provided, however, that if the Make Whole Call Redemption Date occurs on or after the earliest date on 
which the Notes may be redeemed in accordance with Condition 5(g), the redemption price will be such 
amount per Note as is equal to the nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Note together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the Make Whole Call Redemption Date, if applicable.
Any notice of redemption given under this Condition 5(f) will override any notice of redemption given 
(whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under Condition 5(e).
In this Condition:
“Reference Bond” means the Reference Bond specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reference Dealers” means those Reference Dealers specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
“Reference Dealer Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make Whole Call 
Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable 
judgement of the Reference Dealers, at the Determination Time and on the Determination Date in each 
case specified in the relevant Final Terms, quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent (with a copy to the 
Issuer) by the Reference Dealers.
(g)
Residual Maturity Call: If “Residual Maturity Call Option” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date 
fixed for redemption (which shall be within the Residual Maturity Call Period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) (the “Residual Maturity Call Optional Redemption Date”)), redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at a redemption price per Note equal to the nominal amount of the relevant Note together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the Residual Maturity Call Optional Redemption Date, if applicable.
Any notice of redemption given under this Condition 5(g) will override any notice of redemption given 
(whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under Condition 5(e).
(h)
Substantial Repurchase Event: If “Substantial Repurchase Event” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, provided immediately prior to such notice a Substantial Repurchase Event has occurred, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
69 
redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at a redemption price per Note equal to the nominal 
amount of the relevant Note together with interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
In this Condition, a “Substantial Repurchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at least the 
Applicable Percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes (which for these purposes shall include any Notes issued pursuant to Condition 11 (Further 
Issues)) is purchased by the Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer (or redeemed by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 5(e)) (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 5(j)). 
(i)
Purchases: The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
(j)
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer under this Condition will 
forthwith be cancelled. Any Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of any such Notes pursuant to these Conditions shall be discharged. 
6
Payments 
(a)
Payments in euro: All payments in euro of principal or interest owing under the Notes shall be made through 
the Paying Agent and the NBB-SSS in accordance with the NBB-SSS Regulations and the Clearing Services 
Agreement. 
(b)
Payment in other currencies: All payments in any currency other than euro of principal or interest owing 
under the Notes shall be made through the Paying Agent and the NBB-SSS or through the Paying Agent and 
any Participants (in accordance with the rules of such Participant, and in accordance with the NBB-SSS 
Regulations and the Clearing Services Agreement). 
(c)
Payment subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any 
fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(d)
Appointment of Agents: The Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agent of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency with any of the Noteholders. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent(s), provided, however, that the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Paying Agent which is a Participant 
in the NBB-SSS, one or more calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, and such other agents as 
may be required by any stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. Notice of any such change shall 
promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
(e)
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of 
such postponed payment.  
7
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or by a clearing system and/or a 
participant in a clearing system in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within Belgium or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
70 
no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note: 
(a)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is (i) entitled to avoid such deduction or 
withholding by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption, or (ii) liable to 
such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some 
connection with Belgium other than by reason of (a) the mere holding of or (b) the receipt of principal, interest 
or other amount in respect of the Note, or 
(b)
Payment to non-Eligible Investors: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who on the date of acquisition 
of such Note, was not an Eligible Investor or who was an Eligible Investor on the date of acquisition of such 
Note but, for reasons within the Noteholder’s control, ceased to be an Eligible Investor or at any relevant time 
on or after its acquisition of the Notes, for reasons within the Noteholder’s control, otherwise failed to meet 
any other condition for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the law of 6 August 1993 relating 
to certain securities, or 
(c)
Payment by another financial institution: held by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by holding the relevant Note in a securities account with another financial 
institution in a member state of the European Union. 
As used in these Conditions: 
“Eligible Investor” means those entities which are referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 
May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax and which hold the Notes in an exempt account in the NBB-
SSS. 
“Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, means whichever is the later of (i) the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due or (ii) (if the Issuer defaults in making due provision for their redemption on said 
date) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made. References in these Conditions to 
(i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Redemption, Payment and Options) or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 (Interest and other Calculations) or any amendment or supplement 
to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be 
payable under this Condition. 
8
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within ten years (in the case of principal (or any other amount (other than interest)) payable in respect of the 
Notes) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
9
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs: 
(a)
Non-Payment: the Issuer fails to pay the principal of or premium or interest on any of the Notes when due 
and such failure continues for a period of 7 days in the case of principal or premium and 14 days in the case 
of interest; or
(b)
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
covenants, agreements or undertakings under or in respect of the Notes which default is incapable of remedy

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
71 
or, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within 20 Business Days after notice of such default shall have been 
given to the Issuer by any Noteholder; or
(c)
Cross-Default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor for or in respect of 
moneys borrowed or raised being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of any event 
of default (however described), or (ii) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, 
within any applicable grace period, or within five Business Days in Brussels of becoming due if a longer grace 
period is not applicable or (iii) the Issuer or any Guarantor fails to pay when due or, as the case may be, within 
any applicable grace period or within five Business Days if a longer grace period is not applicable, any amount 
payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any moneys borrowed or 
raised, provided that none of the events mentioned above in this paragraph (c) shall give rise to an Event of 
Default if the aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities is less than EUR 
25,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency 
against the Euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph operates); or
(d)
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or 
assumed by the Issuer or any Guarantor in respect of any of its property or assets for an amount at the relevant 
time of at least EUR 25,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency (on the basis of the middle spot rate 
for the relevant currency against the Euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this paragraph 
operates) becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the 
appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person); or
(e)
Insolvency: the Issuer is declared bankrupt or unable to pay its debts as they fall due, stops, suspends or 
announces its intention to stop or suspend payment of all or, a material part of (or of a particular type of) its 
debts or makes any agreement for the deferral, rescheduling or other readjustment of all of (or all of a 
particular type of) its debts (or any particular debt, in each case which it will or might otherwise be unable to 
pay when due), proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is declared or comes into 
effect in respect of all or any part of (or of a particular type of) the debts of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; 
or 
(f)
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer 
or any of the Guarantors or the Issuer or any of the Guarantors ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger, consolidation or solvent reorganisation; or
(g)
Electricity and gas distribution: the Issuer ceases to be the operating company (werkmaatschappij) of the 
electricity and gas DSOs in the designated areas in Flanders or undergoes a reorganisation whereby its tasks 
in relation to the management of the electricity and gas grids are transferred to a third party, or any of the 
Guarantors loses its license of DSO in the designated areas in Flanders or undergoes a reorganisation whereby 
its tasks in relation to the electricity and gas grids are transferred to a third party (to the extent relevant); or
(h)
Guarantee: any of the Guarantees ceases to be valid, enforceable or in full force and effect; or
(i)
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any 
necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, license, order, recording or registration) at any 
time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its 
rights and perform and comply with its obligations under the Notes, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are 
legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes admissible in evidence in the courts of Belgium 
is not taken, fulfilled or done; or

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
72 
(j)
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any or more of its obligations 
under any of the Notes, 
then any Note may, by notice in writing given to the Paying Agent at its specified office by the holder, be 
declared immediately due and payable whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note shall become 
immediately due and payable without further formality unless such event of default shall have been remedied 
prior to the receipt of such notice by the Paying Agent. 
10
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions on 
meetings of Noteholders set out in Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) to these Conditions 
(the “Noteholders’ Provisions”). Meetings of Noteholders may be convened to consider matters in relation 
to the Notes, including the modification or waiver of the Notes or any of the Conditions applicable to the 
Series. For the avoidance of doubt, any modification or waiver of the Notes or the Conditions shall always be 
subject to the consent of the Issuer. 
A meeting of Noteholders may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the 
request in writing of Noteholders holding at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. Any modification or waiver of the Notes or the Conditions of the Notes proposed by 
the Issuer may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Noteholders’ 
Provisions). However, any such proposal to (i) amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes 
or any date for payment of interest or any other amounts due or payable under the Notes, (ii) assent to 
an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate or a modification of the 
method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or maturity or 
the date for any such payment in circumstances not provided for in the Conditions, (iii) assent to a 
reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes, a decrease of the principal amount payable by the Issuer 
under the Notes or a modification of the conditions under which any redemption, substitution or variation 
may be made, (iv) amend Condition 2 (Status of the Notes and the Guarantees) or effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, bonds or other 
obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person (it being understood, for the avoidance of any 
doubt, that no such resolution or consent of Noteholders shall be required for any exchange offer, tender 
offer or other form of liability management exercise by the Issuer or any other person that allows each 
Noteholder to individually decide to participate), (v) change the currency of payment of the Notes, 
(vi) modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority 
required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or a Special Quorum Resolution or (vii) amend this 
provision, may only be sanctioned by a Special Quorum Resolution. 
Resolutions duly passed by a meeting of Noteholders of a Series in accordance with the Noteholders’ 
Provisions shall be binding on all Noteholders of that Series, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting and whether or not they vote in favour of such a resolution. 
The Noteholders’ Provisions furthermore provide that, for so long as the Notes are in dematerialised 
form and settled through the NBB-SSS, in respect of any matters proposed by the Issuer, the Issuer shall 
be entitled, where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the 
Noteholders through the relevant clearing systems as provided in the Noteholders’ Provisions, to rely 
upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated through the 
electronic communications systems of the relevant securities settlement system(s) by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding. To the extent such 
electronic consent is not being sought, the Noteholders’ Provisions provide that, if authorised by the 
Issuer and to the extent permitted by Belgian law, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
73 
of Notes of a Series of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding 
Notes of that Series shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at a meeting of holders of Notes of that Series duly convened and held, provided that the terms of the 
proposed resolution shall have been notified in advance to those Noteholders of that Series through the 
relevant settlement system(s). Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more holders of Notes of that Series. 
(b)
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement and/or 
the Clearing Services Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders or which in the Agent’s opinion is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
11
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in the conditions of 
such notes to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
12
Notices 
Notices to Noteholders shall be valid if (i) delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the NBB-SSS for 
communication by it to the Participants and (ii) published on the website of the Issuer. Any such notice shall be 
deemed given on the date falling three Business Days after the date of its delivery to the NBB-SSS. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
and complies with all legal requirements, including the information obligations under Article 10 of the Law of 
2 August 2002 on the supervision of the financial sector and on financial services and the Royal Decree of 
14 November 2007 on issuer’s information obligations. 
13
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgement or order of a court of any jurisdiction, 
in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder in respect of any sum expressed 
to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer, as the case may be, to the extent of 
the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Note that the recipient is able to purchase with the 
amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not 
practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount 
received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note, the Issuer 
shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the 
recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient 
for the Noteholder to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These 
indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any 
Noteholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgement, order, claim or proof for a 
liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or any other judgement or order.

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
74 
14
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Waiver of immunity 
(a)
Governing Law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law. 
(b)
Jurisdiction: The courts of Brussels (Belgium) are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out 
or in connection with the Notes (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer and the Guarantors 
irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts and waive any objection to Proceedings in such courts 
whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient 
forum. 
(c)
Waiver of immunity: The Issuer and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably and unconditionally to the fullest 
extent possible waive with respect to the Notes any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from 
jurisdiction or execution and any similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consent, to the fullest 
extent possible, to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process, including without limitation, the making, 
enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any 
order or judgement made or given in connection with any suit, action or proceeding.

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
75 
SCHEDULE 1 
PROVISIONS ON MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
Interpretation
1.
In this Schedule: 
1.1
references to a “meeting” are to a meeting of Noteholders of a single Series of Notes and include, unless 
the context otherwise requires, any adjournment; 
1.2
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series and in respect of which a 
meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of those Notes, respectively; 
1.3
“agent” means a holder of a Voting Certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Noteholder; 
1.4
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS in 
accordance with paragraph 9; 
1.5
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph 31.1; 
1.6
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed (a) at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and 
held in accordance with this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) by a majority of at least 
75 per cent. of the votes cast or (b) by a Written Resolution or (c) by an Electronic Consent; 
1.7
“NBB-SSS” means the securities settlement system operated by the NBB or any successor thereto; 
1.8
“Ordinary Resolution” means a resolution with regard to any of the matters listed in paragraph 4 and 
passed or proposed to be passed by a majority of at least 50 per cent. of the votes cast; 
1.9
“Recognised Accountholder” means an entity recognised as accountholder in accordance with the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code with whom a Noteholder holds Notes; 
1.10
“Voting Certificate” means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS in 
accordance with paragraph 8; 
1.11
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding; and  
1.12
references to persons representing a proportion of the Notes are to Noteholders, proxies or representatives 
of such Noteholders holding or representing in the aggregate at least that proportion in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
General 
2.
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions set out in this Schedule. 
Powers of meetings 
3.
A meeting shall, subject to the Conditions and (except in the case of sub-paragraph 3.5) only with the 
consent of the Issuer and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons by this Schedule, have 
power by Extraordinary Resolution:

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
76 
3.1
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise of, 
or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer (other than in accordance 
with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law); 
3.2
to assent to any modification of this Schedule or the Notes proposed by the Issuer or the Agent; 
3.3
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.4
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.5
to appoint any person or persons (whether Noteholders or not) as an individual or committee or 
committees to represent the Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers or discretions 
which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
3.6
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal debtor 
under the Notes in circumstances not provided for in the Conditions or under applicable law; and 
3.7
to accept any security interests established in favour of the Noteholders or a modification to the 
nature or scope of any existing security interest or a modification to the release mechanics of any 
existing security interests. 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 19 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution 
(a “Special Quorum Resolution”) for the purpose of making a modification to this Schedule or the Notes 
which would have the effect (other than in accordance with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law): 
(i)
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or any date for payment of 
interest or any other amounts due or payable under the Notes; 
(ii)
to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate 
or a modification of the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of 
the Notes on redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment in circumstances 
not provided for in the Conditions; 
(iii)
to assent to a reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes, a decrease of the principal 
amount payable by the Issuer under the Notes or a modification of the conditions under 
which any redemption, substitution or variation may be made; 
(iv)
to amend Condition 2 (Status of the Notes and the Guarantees) or to effect the exchange, 
conversion or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, 
bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person (it being 
understood, for the avoidance of any doubt, that no such resolution or consent of 
Noteholders shall be required for any exchange offer, tender offer or other form of liability 
management exercise by the Issuer or any other person that allows each Noteholder to 
individually decide to participate); 
(v)
to change the currency of payment of the Notes; 
(vi)
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or a Special Quorum 
Resolution; or

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
77 
(vii)
to amend this provision. 
Ordinary Resolution 
4.
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and without prejudice to any powers otherwise conferred on other 
persons by this Schedule, a meeting of Noteholders shall have power by Ordinary Resolution: 
4.1
to assent to any decision to take any conservatory measures in the general interest of the Noteholders; 
4.2
to assent to the appointment of any representative to implement any Ordinary Resolution; or 
4.3
to assent to any other decisions which do not require an Extraordinary Resolution or a Special 
Quorum Resolution to be passed. 
Any modification or waiver of any of the Conditions shall always be subject to the consent of the Issuer. 
5.
No amendment to this Schedule or the Notes which in the opinion of the Issuer relates to any of the matters 
listed in paragraph 4 above shall be effective unless approved at a meeting of Noteholders complying in all 
respect with the requirements of Belgian law and the provisions set out in this Schedule. 
Convening a meeting 
6.
The Issuer may at any time convene a meeting. A meeting shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding at least 20 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Agent. 
7.
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) not less than fifteen days prior to the relevant meeting. The notice shall specify the 
day, time and place of the meeting and the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how 
Noteholders may appoint proxies or representatives obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting 
Instructions and the details of the time limits applicable. 
Arrangements for voting 
8.
A Voting Certificate shall: 
8.1
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS; 
8.2
state that on the date thereof (i) the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Block Voting 
Instruction has been issued which is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Voting 
Certificate and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the 
satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS) held to its order or under its control 
and blocked by it and (ii) that no such Notes will cease to be so held and blocked until the first to 
occur of: 
(i)
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certificate or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii)
the surrender of the Voting Certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS 
who issued the same; and

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
78 
8.3
further state that until the release of the Notes represented thereby the bearer of such certificate is 
entitled to attend and vote at such meeting and any such adjourned meeting in respect of the Notes 
represented by such certificate. 
9.
A Block Voting Instruction shall: 
9.1
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS; 
9.2
certify that the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been issued and 
is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting Instruction and any such 
adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the satisfaction of such 
Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS) held to its order or under its control and blocked by it 
and that no such Notes will cease to be so held and blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i)
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any such 
adjourned meeting; and 
(ii)
the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-SSS to the Issuer, 
stating that certain of such Notes cease to be held with it or under its control and blocked 
and setting out the necessary amendment to the Block Voting Instruction; 
9.3
certify that each holder of such Notes has instructed such Recognised Accountholder or the NBB-
SSS that the vote(s) attributable to the Note or Notes so held and blocked should be cast in a particular 
way in relation to the resolution or resolutions which will be put to such meeting or any such 
adjourned meeting and that all such instructions cannot be revoked or amended during the period 
commencing three (3) Business Days prior to the time for which such meeting or any such adjourned 
meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion or adjournment thereof; 
9.4
state the principal amount of the Notes so held and blocked, distinguishing with regard to each 
resolution between (i) those in respect of which instructions have been given as aforesaid that the 
votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the resolution, (ii) those in respect of which 
instructions have been so given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against the resolution 
and (iii) those in respect of which instructions have been so given to abstain from voting; and 
9.5
naming one or more persons (each hereinafter called a “proxy”) as being authorised and instructed 
to cast the votes attributable to the Notes so listed in accordance with the instructions referred to in 
paragraph 9.4 above as set out in such document.  
10.
If a holder of Notes wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a Block Voting Instruction for a 
meeting, he must block such Notes for that purpose at least three (3) Business Days before the time fixed 
for the meeting to the order of the Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the Agent for the 
purpose. The Agent or such bank or other depositary shall then issue a Block Voting Instruction in respect 
of the votes attributable to all Notes so blocked. 
11.
No votes shall be validly cast at a meeting unless in accordance with a Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction. 
12.
The proxy appointed for purposes of the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate does not need to be 
a Noteholder. 
13.
Votes can only be validly cast in accordance with Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions in 
respect of Notes held to the order or under the control and blocked by a Recognised Accountholder or the

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
79 
NBB-SSS and which have been deposited at the registered office at the Issuer not less than three (3) and 
not more than six (6) Business Days before the time for which the meeting to which the relevant voting 
instructions and Block Voting Instructions relate, has been convened or called. The Voting Certificate and 
Block Voting Instructions shall be valid for as long as the relevant Notes continue to be so held and blocked. 
During the validity thereof, the holder of any such Voting Certificate or (as the case may be) the proxies 
named in any such Block Voting Instruction shall, for all purposes in connection with the relevant meeting, 
be deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
14.
In default of a deposit, the Block Voting Instruction or the Voting Certificate shall not be treated as valid, 
unless the chairman of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds to 
business. 
15.
A corporation which holds a Note may, by delivering at least three (3) Business Days before the time fixed 
for a meeting to a bank or other depositary appointed by the Agent for such purposes a certified copy of a 
resolution of its directors or other governing body or another certificate evidencing due authorisation (with, 
in each case, if it is not in English, a translation into English), authorise any person to act as its representative 
in connection with that meeting. 
Chairman 
16.
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate, but if no such nomination is 
made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the meeting the 
Noteholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing which the Issuer may 
appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a Noteholder or agent. The chairman of an adjourned meeting 
need not be the same person as the chairman of the original meeting. 
Attendance 
17.
The following may attend and speak at a meeting: 
17.1
Noteholders and their respective agents, financial and legal advisers; 
17.2
the chairman and the secretary of the meeting; 
17.3
the Issuer and the Agent (through their respective representatives) and their respective financial and 
legal advisers; and 
17.4
any other person approved by the Meeting. 
No one else may attend or speak. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
18.
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at the 
commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed for 
the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any other case it shall 
be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 42 days later, and time and place as the chairman 
may decide. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so adjourned, 
the meeting shall be dissolved. 
19.
One or more Noteholders or agents present in person shall be a quorum:

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
80 
19.1
in the cases marked “No minimum proportion” in the table below, whatever the proportion of the 
Notes which they represent 
19.2
in any other case, only if they represent the proportion of the Notes shown by the table below. 
Purpose of meeting 
Any meeting except for a 
meeting previously 
adjourned through want of a 
quorum 
Meeting previously 
adjourned through want of a 
quorum 
Required proportion 
Required proportion 
To pass a Special Quorum 
Resolution 
75 per cent. 
25 per cent. 
To pass any other Extraordinary 
Resolution 
A clear majority 
No minimum proportion 
To pass an Ordinary Resolution 
A clear majority 
No minimum proportion 
20.
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting adjourn the meeting from time 
to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the original meeting, 
may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph or paragraph 18. 
21.
At least ten (10) days’ notice of a meeting adjourned due to the quorum not being present shall be given in 
the same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned 
meeting. Subject as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any other notice of an adjourned general 
meeting. 
Voting 
22.
Each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided by a show of hands, unless a poll is (before, or on 
the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer or one or more 
persons representing 2 per cent. of the Notes. 
23.
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been passed shall 
be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in favour of 
or against it. 
24.
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided below) either at once or 
after such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution 
of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall not prevent 
the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has been 
demanded. 
25.
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once.

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
81 
26.
On a show of hands or a poll every person has one vote in respect of each Note so produced or represented 
by the voting certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to the 
obligations of proxies, a person entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all in the 
same way. 
27.
In case of equality of votes the chairman shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting vote in 
addition to any other votes which he may have. 
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution, a Special Quorum Resolution and an 
Ordinary Resolution 
28.
An Extraordinary Resolution, a Special Quorum Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution shall be binding on 
all the Noteholders, whether or not present at the meeting, and each of them shall be bound to give effect to 
it accordingly. The passing of such a resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify 
its being passed. The Issuer shall give notice of the passing of an Extraordinary Resolution, a 
Special Quorum Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution to Noteholders within fourteen (14) days but failure 
to do so shall not invalidate the resolution. 
Minutes 
29.
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters in them. Until the contrary is proved, every meeting for which minutes have been so made and 
signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings 
transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
30.
The minutes must be published on the website of the Issuer within fifteen (15) days after they have been 
passed. 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
31.
For so long as the Notes are in dematerialised form and settled through the NBB-SSS, then in respect of any 
matters proposed by the Issuer: 
31.1
Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the Noteholders through the 
relevant securities settlement system(s) as provided in sub-paragraphs (a) and/or (b) below, the Issuer shall 
be entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant securities settlement system(s) to the Agent 
or another specified agent in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (the “Required 
Proportion”) by close of business on the Specified Date (“Electronic Consent”). Any resolution passed in 
such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. The Issuer shall not be liable or responsible to anyone for such reliance. 
(a)
When a proposal for a resolution to be passed as an Electronic Consent has been made, at least 
fifteen (15) days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which 
affirmative consents will be counted) shall be given to the Noteholders through the relevant 
securities settlement system(s). The notice shall specify, in sufficient detail to enable Noteholders 
to give their consents in relation to the proposed resolution, the method by which their consents 
may be given (including, where applicable, blocking of their accounts in the relevant securities 
settlement system(s)) and the time and date (the “Specified Date”) by which they must be received

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes 
82 
in order for such consents to be validly given, in each case subject to and in accordance with the 
operating rules and procedures of the relevant securities settlement system(s). 
(b)
If, on the Specified Date on which the consents in respect of an Electronic Consent are first 
counted, such consents do not represent the Required Proportion, the resolution shall be deemed 
to be defeated. Such determination shall be notified in writing to the Agent. Alternatively, the 
Issuer may give a further notice to Noteholders that the resolution will be proposed again on such 
date and for such period as determined by the Issuer. Such notice must inform Noteholders that 
insufficient consents were received in relation to the original resolution and the information 
specified in sub-paragraph (a) above. For the purpose of such further notice, references to 
“Specified Date” shall be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a resolution proposed by 
the Issuer which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly convened in accordance with 
paragraph 7 above, unless that meeting is or shall be cancelled or dissolved. 
31.2
Unless Electronic Consent is being sought in accordance with paragraph 31.1, a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall 
for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution, a Special Quorum Resolution or 
an Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, provided that the terms 
of the proposed resolution have been notified in advance to the Noteholders through the relevant securities 
settlement system(s). Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents 
in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. For the purpose of determining 
whether a resolution in writing has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or 
instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer (a) by accountholders in the securities settlement system(s) 
with entitlements to the Notes or (b) where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of 
another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder 
for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent 
or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case 
of (a) above, the NBB-SSS, Euroclear, Clearstream or any other relevant alternative securities settlement 
system (the “relevant securities settlement system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant securities 
settlement system and the accountholder identified by the relevant securities settlement system for the 
purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if 
the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document may 
comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant securities 
settlement system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream’s CreationOnline system) in accordance 
with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of 
Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any 
person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to 
such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
32.
A Written Resolution or Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution, a Special 
Quorum Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution. A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be 
binding on all Noteholders whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic 
Consent.

--- Page 83 ---
Settlement 
83 
PART V – SETTLEMENT 
The Notes will be accepted for settlement through the NBB-SSS and will accordingly be subject to the NBB-SSS 
Regulations. 
The number of Notes in circulation at any time will be registered in the register of securities of the Issuer in the name 
of the NBB. 
Access to the NBB-SSS is available through direct Participants in the NBB-SSS, whose membership extends to 
securities such as the Notes, and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through any 
Participant. Participants include certain banks, stockbrokers (beursvennootschappen/sociétés de bourse) as well as 
certain central securities depositories (the latter being, on the date of this Base Prospectus, Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”), Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”), Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (“Clearstream”), 
SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. (“Euronext Securities Milan”), Interbolsa S.A. (“Euronext 
Securities Porto”) and LuxCSD S.A. (“LuxCSD”)). The current list of any central securities depositories or any 
other institutions that are, at any time, a Participant of the NBB-SSS can be found on the website of the NBB. 
Accordingly, the Notes will be eligible to clear through, and therefore be accepted by, any such central securities 
depository that is a Participant of the NBB-SSS. 
Transfers of interests in the Notes will be effected between Participants in accordance with the rules and operating 
procedures of the NBB-SSS. Transfers between investors will be effected in accordance with the respective rules and 
operating procedures of the Participants through which they hold their Notes. 
The Agent will perform the obligations of paying agent included in the service contract for the issuance of fixed 
income securities dated 16 November 2020 between the Issuer, the NBB and the Agent. 
The Issuer and the Agent will not have any responsibility for the proper performance by the NBB-SSS or its 
Participants of their obligations under their respective rules and operating procedures.

--- Page 84 ---
Form of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letter 
84 
PART VI – FORM OF THE GUARANTEE AND THE GUARANTEE CONFIRMATION 
LETTER 
1
Form of the Guarantee 
This is the form of the Guarantee which was granted by each of the Guarantors on 17 November 2020 in the 
context of the establishment of the Programme. Please refer to section 2 below for the form of the Guarantee 
Confirmation Letter. 
Abstract and Non-Accessory Guarantee of [name of the Guarantor]
For the benefit of:  Any person (each, a “Noteholder”) holding directly or indirectly any of the notes issued 
under the Programme (as defined below) (the “Notes”) 
Date: 
17 November 2020 
In consideration of: 

Fluvius System Operator CV acting as issuer (the “Issuer”) under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Guaranteed 
Euro Medium Term Note programme (the “Programme”); and

Fluvius System Operator CV as issuer, Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, 
Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas as guarantors and Belfius Bank SA/NV and 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV as co-arrangers and dealers entering into a programme agreement dated 
17 November 2020 relating to the Programme (including its schedules) (the “Programme Agreement”). 
[name of the Guarantor], organised as an “opdrachthoudende vereniging” under the laws of Belgium, having 
its registered office at [registered office of the Guarantor], Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank of 
Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises) under the number 
[registration number of the Guarantor] (RLE [relevant reference of the Guarantor]), (the “Guarantor”) 
unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to each Noteholder the due and punctual payment, in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) (terms defined in the Terms and 
Conditions shall, insofar as the context so admits, have the same meaning when used herein), of the Proportional 
Share (as defined below) of the principal of, interest (if any) on, and any other amounts payable under the Notes 
to the Noteholders on the date specified for such payment (whether on the normal due date, on acceleration or 
otherwise) (the “Guarantee”) upon the following terms: 
(i)
in the event of any failure by the Issuer to pay punctually any such principal, interest or other amount, 
the Guarantor agrees to cause each and every such payment to be made as if the Guarantor is, instead of 
the Issuer, expressed to be the primary obligor of the Notes with the intent that the Noteholder shall 
receive the same amounts in respect of principal, interest or such other amount as would have been 
received by it had such payments been made by the Issuer;
(ii)
the Guarantor agrees that its obligations under this Guarantee shall be abstract, non-accessory, 
independent, unconditional and irrevocable and on a first demand basis without raising any objections 
of whatever nature arising out of the underlying obligation of the Issuer relating to the Notes, irrespective 
of the absence of any action to enforce the same, the recovery of any judgment against the Issuer or any 
action to enforce the same or any other circumstance relating to the underlying Note which might 
otherwise constitute a discharge or defence of a guarantor, it being understood that no demand shall be

--- Page 85 ---
Form of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letter 
85 
accepted in the event that all payments of principal, interest or other amount due under the Notes have 
been punctually made by the Issuer;
(iii)
the Guarantor agrees that nothing in this Guarantee shall be construed so that this Guarantee constitutes 
a surety (borgtocht/cautionnement) and that nothing in this Guarantee will affect its intention to grant an 
independent 
and 
abstract 
guarantee 
pursuant 
to 
this 
Guarantee 
and 
not 
a 
surety 
(borgtocht/cautionnement);
(iv)
the Guarantor confirms, and by accepting the benefit of this Guarantee each Noteholder acknowledges 
and agrees, that the Guarantor’s obligations under this Guarantee in respect of the Notes shall, at all 
times, be limited to the proportional share it holds in the share capital of the Issuer as of the date of the 
issue of such Notes, as set out in the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Notes (the “Proportional 
Share”);
(v)
the Guarantor confirms, with respect to each Note, that it does not have and will not assert as a defence 
to any claim hereunder any right to require any proceedings to be first commenced or made against the 
Issuer nor will it assert as a defence to any claim hereunder any lack of diligence, presentment to the 
Issuer or the Agents of any demand for payment from the Issuer or the Agents, any filing of claims with 
any court in the event of merger, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, any protest, notice or any other 
demand whatsoever (other than a demand for payment of this Guarantee in compliance with the terms 
hereof) and the Guarantor confirms that this Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete 
performance of the obligations contained in each Note and in this Guarantee; 
(vi)
this Guarantee constitutes an abstract, non-accessory, independent, direct, unconditional, irrevocable, 
first demand, unsubordinated and unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and ranks pari passu (subject to 
mandatorily preferred debts under applicable laws), equally and rateably with all other present and future 
outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor;
(vii)
the Guarantor agrees that it shall comply with and be bound by those provisions contained in the Terms 
and Conditions, the Agency Agreement and the Programme Agreement of the Notes which relate to it;
(viii)
this Guarantee shall be to the benefit of each Noteholder and its (and any subsequent) successor and 
assigns, each of which shall be entitled severally to enforce this Guarantee against the Guarantor;
(ix)
the records of the securities settlement system operator shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive evidence of the identity of the Noteholder, the number of entries credited to the securities 
account of such Noteholder with such securities settlement system operator at the relevant time and the 
amounts represented by such entries, as set forth in the Terms and Conditions;
(x)
the Guarantor represents and warrants (which representations and warranties shall be deemed to be 
repeated on each day that this Guarantee continues in force) that: 
(a)
the Guarantor is a mission entrusted association (opdrachthoudende vereniging) (or, in the case 
of a future change of the law, an equivalent or similar legal entity) with the power to enter into 
and to perform the obligations expressed to be assumed by it under the agreements to which it is 
expressed to be a party in connection with the Programme and the issue of the Notes; the 
Guarantor has the power to execute and deliver this Guarantee and to perform its obligations 
under this Guarantee and has taken all necessary action to authorise such execution and delivery 
and performance of such obligations;
(b)
the Guarantor is aware of the representations made and warranties given by the Issuer under the 
Programme Agreement;

--- Page 86 ---
Form of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letter 
86 
(c)
this Guarantee constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Guarantor duly 
enforceable in accordance with its terms; the Guarantor shall not in any circumstances challenge 
the legality, validity or enforceability of this Guarantee;
(d)
the execution and performance of this Guarantee does not contravene any provision of any 
existing law, decree or regulation or of its constitutive documents or of any agreement to which 
it is a party;
(e)
it is not engaged in or under threat of any litigation nor is it in default in respect of any financial 
commitment which might in either case affect its ability to perform its obligations under this 
Guarantee; and
(f)
all payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Guarantor in respect of any Note 
while it is held by an eligible investor (as defined in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 
26 May 1994, as in force on the date hereof) in the securities settlement system operated by the 
National Bank of Belgium shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within Belgium or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax;
(xi)
in the event of the liquidation of the Issuer if any moneys are payable by the Guarantor under this 
Guarantee, the Guarantor shall, until all moneys due from the Issuer to the Noteholders shall have been 
paid in full, hold the benefit of all its claims against the Issuer for the account of the Noteholders to pay 
the same to the Noteholders and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably authorises and requires the Issuer and 
any liquidator of the Issuer to pay the Noteholders to the extent that all moneys due under the Notes shall 
not have been paid in full, all moneys payable to the Guarantor in respect of such claims;
(xii)
the Guarantor shall not be subrogated in the rights of any Noteholder, make any claim against the Issuer 
in connection with this Guarantee or its enforcement or receive the benefit of any security enjoyed in 
connection with the Notes by any Noteholder until any principal, interest or other amount payable under 
the Notes to the Noteholders has been finally discharged and there is no possibility of any further 
payment under the Guarantee coming into existence. The Guarantor shall not be entitled to claim against 
any other guarantor for a contribution towards the payments that it has made to the Noteholders;
(xiii)
a demand or notice hereunder shall be in writing signed by a duly authorised officer, representative or 
agent of the Noteholder and specify name, address and bank account details of the relevant Noteholder 
and the number of Notes such Noteholder owns; the demand or notice must be sent to the Guarantor by
registered mail with a form for acknowledgement of receipt, at the following address: 
[notice details of the Guarantor] 
If a Noteholder fails to exercise or delays the exercise of its rights under this Guarantee, this shall under 
no circumstances constitute a waiver of its rights; if a Noteholder partly exercises any rights in respect 
of this Guarantee, this shall not prevent the future or further exercise of such rights or the exercise of 
any other rights by a Noteholder;
(xiv)
references to the Noteholders, the Issuer and the Guarantor include their respective successors and 
assigns; references to persons include references to companies, corporations, firms, governments, states 
or state agencies, associations and any other legal entities; and (where the context so permits) the singular 
includes the plural and vice versa;
(xv)
this Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Belgium; claims against the Guarantor

--- Page 87 ---
Form of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letter 
87 
thereunder may be brought before the courts in Brussels, Belgium, which shall have exclusive 
competence; 
(xvi)
the Guarantor shall not be entitled to assign or transfer all or any of its rights, benefits and obligations 
hereunder, without prejudice to its ability to merge or engage in any other form of reorganisation in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions; and
(xvii) the Guarantor hereby (a) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, with respect to itself 
and its revenues and assets (irrespective of their use or intended use), all immunity on the grounds of 
sovereignty or other similar grounds from (I) suit, (II) jurisdiction of any court, (III) relief by way of 
injunction, order for specific performance or for recovery of property, (IV) attachment of its assets 
(whether before or after judgement) and (V) execution or enforcement of any judgement to which it or 
its revenues or assets might otherwise be entitled in any proceedings in the courts of any jurisdiction and 
(b) irrevocably agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that it will not claim any such immunity 
in any proceedings. 
This abstract and non-accessory Guarantee has been executed on 17 November 2020. 
[name of the Guarantor] 
as Guarantor 
Name: 
Title: 
Name: 
Title:

--- Page 88 ---
Form of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letter 
88 
2
Form of the Guarantee Confirmation Letter 
This is the form of the Guarantee Confirmation Letter which was granted by each of the Guarantors on 
9 November 2021 in the context of the first annual update of the Programme to confirm that the Guarantors’ 
obligations under their respective Guarantee in respect of any Notes issued after the date of the relevant 
Guarantee Confirmation Letter shall, at all times, be limited to the proportional share of contributions which 
the relevant Guarantor has made in the Issuer as of the date of the issue of such Notes. Please refer to section 1 
above for the form of the Guarantee. 
Confirmation Letter in relation to the Abstract and Non-Accessory Guarantee of [name of the 
Guarantor] originally granted on 17 November 2020 
For the benefit of: 
Any person (each, a “Noteholder”) holding directly or indirectly any of the notes 
issued under the Programme (as defined below) (the “Notes”) 
Date: 
9 November 2021 
In consideration of: 

Fluvius System Operator CV acting as issuer (the “Issuer”) under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Guaranteed 
Euro Medium Term Note programme originally established on 17 November 2020 (the “Programme”);

Fluvius System Operator CV as issuer, Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, 
Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas as guarantors and Belfius Bank SA/NV and 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV as co-arrangers and dealers having entered into a programme agreement 
relating to the Programme on 17 November 2020, as will be amended and restated from time to time 
during the term of the Programme and which was most recently amended and restated pursuant to an 
amendment and restatement agreement dated 9 November 2021 (including its schedules); and

[name of the Guarantor], organised as an “opdrachthoudende vereniging” under the laws of Belgium, 
having its registered office at [registered office of the Guarantor], Belgium and registered with the 
Crossroads Bank of Enterprises (Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen/Banque-Carrefour des 
Entreprises) under the number [registration number of the Guarantor] (RLE [relevant reference of the 
Guarantor]), (the “Guarantor”) having unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on 
17 November 2020 to each Noteholder the due and punctual payment, in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) (terms defined in the Terms and Conditions shall, 
insofar as the context so admits, have the same meaning when used herein), of the Proportional Share 
(as defined below) of the principal of, interest (if any) on, and any other amounts payable under the 
Notes to the Noteholders on the date specified for such payment (whether on the normal due date, on 
acceleration or otherwise) (the “Guarantee”). 
Reference is made to the Guarantee. This confirmation of the Guarantee is given upon the following terms: 
(i)
the Guarantor confirms that the Guarantee shall continue to remain in full force and effect in respect 
of, and shall apply on the terms thereof to, any Notes issued under the Programme, and notwithstanding 
any changes that have been made to the Terms and Conditions since the date of the Guarantee;
(ii)
the Guarantor confirms that the Guarantee has been approved by its Board of Directors for any issuance 
of Notes under the Programme for a term of the Programme of ten years as from its establishment;
(iii)
the Guarantor confirms, and by accepting the benefit of the Guarantee as confirmed by this 
confirmation letter each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees, that the Guarantor’s obligations under 
the Guarantee in respect of any Notes issued after the date of this confirmation letter shall, at all times, 
be limited to the proportional share of contributions which the Guarantor has made in the Issuer as of

--- Page 89 ---
Form of the Guarantee and the Guarantee Confirmation Letter 
89 
the date of the issue of such Notes, as set out in the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Notes (the 
“Proportional Share”); and
(iv)
this confirmation letter and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Belgium; claims against the 
Guarantor thereunder may be brought before the courts in Brussels, Belgium, which shall have 
exclusive competence. 
This confirmation letter has been executed on 9 November 2021. 
[name of the Guarantor] 
as Guarantor 
Name: 
Title: 
Name: 
Title:

--- Page 90 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
90 
PART VII – DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS 
1
General information on the Issuer  
1.1
General information 
Legal name, form and place of registration  
The Issuer’s legal name is Fluvius System Operator CV (“Fluvius”, “Fluvius System Operator” or the 
“Issuer”). The abbreviated and commercial name of the Issuer is “Fluvius”. 
The Issuer is registered with the register of legal entities (rechtspersonenregister/registre des personnes 
morales) of Ghent (section Ghent) under enterprise number (ondernemingsnummer/numéro 
d’entreprise) 0477.445.084. Its Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code is 549300WSQWO0M3PK2J78. 
The Issuer is organised as a cooperative company (coöperatieve vennootschap/société coopérative) 
under Belgian law for an unlimited duration. 
The Issuer’s registered office is at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium. The general telephone 
number is +32 78 353534. The current articles of association of Fluvius System Operator were approved 
by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 23 December 2020, executed by a notarial 
deed of 23 December 2020, drawn up by Mr Xavier Desmet, notary public in Antwerp, Belgium, and 
published in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette of 17 February 2021 under number 0310975. 
The Issuer’s website can be accessed via www.fluvius.be. Information contained on websites mentioned 
in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Summary of the principal activities of the Issuer and its role within the Fluvius Economic Group  
The Issuer develops, manages and maintains utility networks for electricity and gas distribution, public 
lighting, sewerage, CATV and district heating and the data management related to these activities. 
Almost all network infrastructure is owned by the Guarantors. Fluvius System Operator has been 
mandated as the operating company (werkmaatschappij) of the eleven Flemish intermunicipal 
companies that are the Guarantors. Its role relates to operating and maintaining the networks, preparing 
the decision-making process at the level of the Guarantors, undertaking all tasks of corporate secretariat 
for the Guarantors and undertaking other tasks for the Guarantors, such as relating to human resources, 
payroll and accounting support (taking into account the fact that the Guarantors do not have their own 
staff). In the intermunicipalities’ name and for their account, Fluvius System Operator operates the 
networks for electricity, gas and sewerage and exercises public service obligations in relation to 
electricity and gas. Fluvius System Operator carries out its operational activities at cost without charging 
any commercial margin to the Guarantors. This means that all costs incurred by Fluvius System Operator 
(materials and services, personnel costs, etc.) are passed through to the Guarantors according to fixed 
allocation rules. Each month Fluvius System Operator invoices each of the Guarantors for the 
operational services rendered.  
The Issuer currently has three consolidated subsidiaries: De Stroomlijn CV (“De Stroomlijn”), 
Atrias CV (“Atrias”) and Synductis CV (“Synductis”) (together, the “Subsidiaries”). De Stroomlijn is 
integrally consolidated with Fluvius System Operator. Atrias and Synductis are consolidated with 
Fluvius System Operator according to the equity method. Please refer to section 1.5 – ‘The Issuer’s 
Subsidiaries’ for more information on this topic.

--- Page 91 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
91 
The Issuer, the Guarantors, the Issuer’s Subsidiaries, Fluvius Opdrachthoudende Vereniging (“Fluvius 
OV”) and Interkabel together form the “Fluvius Economic Group”. Please refer to section 1.6 – ‘The 
Fluvius (consolidated) group and the Fluvius Economic Group’. 
As further outlined in article 2 of the Issuer’s articles of association, Fluvius System Operator’s mission 
has been defined as follows:  

executing all operational activities related to the distribution of electricity and (natural) gas20;

executing all activities related to the development, the operations, the usage and the maintenance 
of other cables-and-pipes utility activities, such as sewerage, public lighting, (cable) networks 
and heating grids;

executing all activities of data manager;

executing all activities of heating grid manager;

executing all activities related to the management of the (strategic) participations and financings;

carrying out connections, installing and putting into service meters (digital meters, analogue 
meters and electronic meters) and the management of the access register;

delivering a qualitative service to the grid users and other market players in general;

registering or recording the meter readings, either from a distance or at the grid users, the 
validation and the management of these metering data and supplying them to the relevant market 
parties;

executing all activities related to rendering energy services and facilities to distribution grid users, 
amongst others within the framework of its shareholders’ activities, from an administrative, 
technical, commercial and social viewpoint;

executing all activities related to providing information to energy service providers (ESCOs), 
aggregators, the competent regulator and the authorities, for the performance of their tasks;

in general, delivering management and other services to and putting its know-how at the disposal 
of its shareholders;

the preparation and the implementation of all decisions taken by the governing bodies of its 
shareholders; and

the consultation on distribution grid problems and the promotion of the cooperation between 
shareholders. 
Relevant markets  
Fluvius System Operator operates in all 300 Flemish cities and communities (the “Flemish Region”) in 
Belgium. Fluvius System Operator has no activities outside Belgium.  
20 As at the date of this Base Prospectus, “gas” refers to a mixture of “natural gas”, “biogas” and/or “synthetic gas”, to the extent that the latter 
two are allowed to be injected and are effectively injected into the gas distribution networks of the Guarantors. Natural gas refers to fossil gas 
found underground in nature. Biogas refers to forms of renewable gas extracted from biological processes (e.g. using organic waste material 
as source). Synthetic gas refers to gas obtained from a chemical reaction. Since recent years, other forms of gas (e.g. biomethane) are effectively 
being injected into the gas distribution grids of the Guarantors. For the sake of simplicity, “gas” is used throughout this document to point at 
the mixture described above.

--- Page 92 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
92 
1.2
A brief history of the Issuer  
The Issuer was incorporated under Belgian law as a limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap/ 
société anonyme) named “Electrabel Netmanagement Flanders”, abbreviated to “ENF”, by a notarial 
deed of 29 April 2002, drawn up by Mr Thierry Van Halteren, associated notary public in Brussels, and 
published in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette on 11 May 2002 under number 20020511-609.  
The name “Electrabel Netmanagement Flanders – ENF” was changed into “Electrabel Netten 
Vlaanderen - ENV” by a decision of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 22 
September 2003. 
The company’s name was subsequently changed into “Eandis” by a decision of the General Assembly 
on 30 March 2006. At this same date, the company took the form of a limited liability cooperative society 
and a merger was realised with GeDIS and Indexis’s Flemish platform by a notarial deed of the same 
date, drawn up by Mr Xavier Desmet, notary public in Antwerp, and published in the Annexes to the 
Belgian State Gazette on 27 April 2006 under number 06074304. 
The company’s name was changed into “Eandis System Operator cvba” on 30 December 2015. 
The company’s name was changed into its current name “Fluvius System Operator” by a decision of its 
General Assembly on 28 June 2018, with effect as from 1 July 2018. This change of name was part of a 
merger transaction (merger by absorption (fusie door opsplorping/fusion par absorption)), also with 
effect as from 1 July 2018, in which Eandis System Operator cvba (“Eandis System Operator”) 
absorbed Infrax cvba (“Infrax”). At that time, Eandis System Operator and Infrax were the two operating 
companies working on behalf of a number of DSOs in the Flemish Region. The merger transaction was 
a share-based transaction only, without any cash transfers between the parties and/or shareholders 
involved. On 1 April 2019, the Issuer also became responsible for the network operations of former 
Integan (around 150 people were allocated to the Issuer at that time), as a consequence of the merger of 
Integan with Imea and IVEG into Fluvius Antwerpen, one of the Guarantors. 
Finally, the current articles of association of the Issuer were adopted by the Extraordinary General 
Meeting of Shareholders held on 23 December 2020 with a view to, among other things, aligning them 
with recent changes implemented by the Belgian Companies and Associations Code (including to 
confirm the change of the legal form of the Issuer from “cvba – coöperatieve vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid” into “cv – coöperatieve vennootschap”). 
1.3
The Issuer’s corporate structure 
Corporate organisation of the Issuer  
At 31 December 2021, Fluvius System Operator21 employed 4,780 people corresponding to 4,586.28 
full-time equivalents.  
The Guarantors are Fluvius System Operator’s sole shareholders. No shareholder exercises control over 
the Issuer. The table below reflects the Guarantors’ shareholding in Fluvius System Operator as at [the 
date of this Base Prospectus] (in terms of contribution (inbreng/apport)): 
21 Excluding the statutory staff employed by Fluvius OV. At 31 December 2021, Fluvius OV’s staff amounted to 717 employees (691,93 full-
time equivalents). For more details on Fluvius OV, see section 1.7 – ‘Fluvius OV’.

--- Page 93 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
93 
Shareholder 
“A” shares with  
voting rights 
% 
Contribution 
(in EUR) 
Fluvius Antwerpen
4,688,069
18.10%
232,400
Fluvius Limburg
4,666,524
18.02%
231,332
Imewo
3,767,084
14.54%
186,744
Iverlek
3,486,875
13.46%
172,853
Gaselwest
2,687,523
10.38%
133,227
Intergem
1,840,902
7.11%
91,258
Iveka
1,570,114
6.06%
77,835
Fluvius West
1,357,143
5.24%
67,277
PBE
945,183
3.65%
46,855
Sibelgas
497,124
1.92%
24,644
Riobra
394,394
1.52%
19,551
TOTAL 
25,900,935 
100.00% 
1,283,976 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has only issued A shares with voting rights, all of which 
are ordinary nominative shares, each representing an equal share in the Issuer’s contributions totalling 
EUR 1,283,975.84 as at the date of this Base Prospectus. All shares have been fully paid up and are 
registered in Fluvius System Operator’s shareholder register. Each shareholder of an A share is entitled 
to one vote per share in Fluvius System Operator’s General Assembly.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Fluvius System Operator has not issued any profit-sharing 
certificates. 
The shareholding of the respective Guarantors in Fluvius System Operator is based on the number of 
EANs22 as at 31 December 2016. 
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors of Fluvius System Operator, which according to Fluvius System Operator’s 
articles of association consists of a maximum of twenty members, is responsible for Fluvius System 
Operator’s general policy and corporate decisions. The twenty members of the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors23 at the date of this Base Prospectus are listed in the table below. 
Name and function within the Issuer’s Board of Directors (represented shareholder) / municipality and 
function in the municipality at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Piet BUYSE, chairman (Intergem) 
Dendermonde, mayor  
Koen KENNIS, 1st vice-chairman (Fluvius Antwerpen) 
Antwerp, alderman  
Christophe PEETERS, 2nd vice-chairman (Imewo) 
Ghent, city councillor  
Hans BONTE, 3rd vice-chairman (Sibelgas) 
Vilvoorde, mayor  
Geert CLUCKERS (PBE) 
Diest, alderman 
Lieven COBBAERT (Gaselwest) 
Ichtegem, mayor 
22 European Article Numbering. One EAN corresponds to one physical connection to a distribution grid operated by the Issuer. 
23 As at the date of this Base Prospectus, these 20 board mandates are distributed among the shareholders as follows: Fluvius Antwerpen: 3 
mandates; Fluvius Limburg: 3 mandates; Gaselwest: 2 mandates; Iverlek: 2 mandates; Iveka: 2 mandates; Fluvius West: 1 mandate; Imewo: 
2 mandates; Sibelgas: 1 mandate; Intergem: 2 mandates; PBE: 1 mandate; and Riobra: 1 mandate.

--- Page 94 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
94 
David COPPENS (Intergem)  
Aalst, chairman of the city council  
Jan DALEMANS (Fluvius Limburg) 
Hechtel-Eksel, mayor 
Charlotte DE BACKER (Imewo) 
Ostend, councillor 
Christof DEJAEGHER (Gaselwest) 
Poperinge, mayor  
Jan DESMETH (Iverlek) 
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw, mayor 
Wim DRIES (Fluvius Limburg) 
Genk, mayor 
Ine FRANSSEN (Fluvius Limburg) 
Maaseik, city councillor  
Greet GEYPEN (Iverlek) 
Mechelen, alderman 
Tom KERSEMANS (Iveka) 
Lille, alderman 
Lies LARIDON (Fluvius West) 
Diksmuide, mayor  
Nicky MARTENS (Riobra) 
Tienen, city councillor 
Guy VAN DE PERRE (Iveka) 
Kasterlee, alderman 
Adinda VAN GERVEN (Fluvius Antwerpen) 
Brasschaat, alderman 
Open position in replacement of 
Kristien VINGERHOETS24 (Fluvius Antwerpen)
Hemiksem, councillor 
Nick Vandevelde was appointed as Secretary to the Board of Directors. He is Secretary-General at 
Fluvius System Operator and, in that capacity, bears responsibility for corporate and legal affairs. 
The above Directors, as well as the Secretary of the Board of Directors, have their business address at 
Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium.  
Management Committee 
The Board of Directors has entrusted the Management Committee with the day-to-day management and 
the operational leadership of Fluvius System Operator from an operational and organisational 
perspective. The day-to-day execution of the decisions taken by the Guarantors and certain daily 
management tasks of these Guarantors have also been entrusted to the Management Committee. The 
members of the Management Committee participate in the Fluvius System Operator’s Board of Directors 
meetings, solely with an advisory role and without exercising any voting rights.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the ten members of the Management Committee are:  
Frank Vanbrabant, CEO and Chairman of the Management Committee  
Mr Vanbrabant was born in 1962. After exercising a number of functions in administration and logistics, 
he joined the energy sector as Infrax’s purchasing and logistics manager in 1999. In 2007, he headed the 
Customer Department at Infrax. Prior to his current function as Fluvius’s CEO since 1 July 2018, he was 
CEO at Infrax. Mr Vanbrabant is a commercial engineer with a specialty in business informatics. 
Areas of responsibility: CEO, chairman of the Management Committee 
24 Mrs Vingerhoets resigned in March 2022 and still has to be replaced in the Board of Directors. Fluvius Antwerpen is to propose a new director, 
but has not yet done so as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 95 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
95 
Other positions: Chairman of the Board and member of the HR Committee and Market Committee at 
Atrias; Board Member at Synergrid 
Raf Bellers, member of the Management Committee (Director Supply Chain) 
Mr. Bellers (b. 1971) was appointed as Chief Supply Chain Officer at Fluvius in 2018. Prior to the 
merger, he worked at Infrax with responsibilities for grid synergies and as manager of the knowledge 
centre on sewerage. Before his career at Infrax, he worked at Aquafin in technical planning and business 
development. Mr Bellers holds a civil engineering degree. As from 1 July 2022 onwards, Mr. Bellers 
will also hold the position of Director Net Management. 
Areas of responsibility: supply chain & procurement, materials & methods, digital metering, logistics 
and facilities 
Other positions: Board member at Vlario, Board member of Scameleon 
Tom Ceuppens, member of the Management Committee (Director Customer Service) 
Mr. Ceuppens (b. 1971) holds a master’s degree in civil engineering. He joined Fluvius from Infrax at 
the latter’s merger with Eandis (on 1 July 2018) and became responsible for Fluvius’s Customer 
Department. At Infrax, he was responsible for customer affairs as well as for operations. Before his 
switch to the energy sector in 2015, Mr. Ceuppens was active in several international functions in the 
dredging sector for 20 years. 
Areas of responsibility: customer services, contact centres, social energy supply, key accounts, product 
management, promotion of rational use of energy 
Other positions: member of the Board at De Stroomlijn 
Guy Cosyns, member of the Management Committee (Director Data Management) 
Mr Cosyns (b. 1962) is an electrotechnical engineer. He has built a long career in the energy sector in 
several commercial, technical and regulatory affairs management positions. In 2005, he became 
responsible for Eandis’s operating area Leie-Schelde. He joined the Eandis’s Management Committee 
in 2013 as Director Customer Operations. Since 2018, he is in charge of Fluvius’s Data Management 
Department. 
Areas of responsibility: dataroom, market data operations, market data coordination 
Other positions: board member and member of the Market Committee at Atrias; board member of VOKA 
Chambre of Commerce West - Flanders; board member at Business Centres Waregem and Kortrijk
Wim Den Roover, member of the Management Committee (Director Network Operations) 
Mr Den Roover (b. 1961) is currently responsible for the Department Network Operations at Fluvius. 
He obtained an engineering degree. Prior to his current function at Fluvius, he was responsible for the 
Smart Programmes at Eandis. He has developed his career in several infrastructure areas and was also 
responsible for a number of internal projects.  
Areas of responsibility: grid operations, telecom operations 
Other positions: Member of the Executive Committee at Synductis 
Jean Pierre Hollevoet, member of the Management Committee (Director Network Management) 
Mr Hollevoet (b. 1962), who holds a technical engineering degree, is currently responsible for the 
Network Management Department at Fluvius. Previous to his current position, he was a.o. responsible

--- Page 96 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
96 
for an operational infrastructure area, for asset management, and for supply chain & facility 
management, procurement at Eandis and Fluvius. As from 1 July 2022 onwards, Mr Hollevoet will hold 
the position of Director Energy and Climate Transition (a new position which is still to be created at the 
date of this Base Prospectus and which is aimed at strengthening the Issuer’s focus on this topic). 
Areas of responsibility: asset planning & development 
Other positions: Mr Hollevoet is a Member of the Executive Committee at Synductis, Board Member of 
Gas.be and member of the International Gas Union’s Executive Committee and the LUCI’s Executive 
Committee. 
David Termont, member of the Management Committee, CFO (Director Financial Management and 
IT) 
Mr Termont (b. 1970) is currently responsible for the Finance & ICT Departments at Fluvius. He holds 
an Economics Degree. He started his professional career as advisor to an Alderman and later as a director 
of the Economy Dept. at the City of Ghent. Prior to his CFO and ICT role at Fluvius, he was in charge 
of GeDIS’s and Eandis’s Customer Care Department and the Finance & ICT Department at Eandis.  
Areas of responsibility: finance, ICT 
Other positions: chairman of the Board at De Stroomlijn; member of the Board and Chairman of the 
Audit Committee at Atrias; member of the Board at Contassur; Member of the Board at Arteveldestadion 
CVBA. 
Nick Vandevelde, member of the Management Committee, Director Secretary-General 
Mr Vandevelde (b. 1957) has a master’s degree in law with a postgraduate degree in taxation. He 
currently serves as Fluvius’s secretary-general. In this function, he is responsible for Fluvius’s and the 
group’s corporate and legal affairs. He also chairs the internal CSR Board at Fluvius. Previous to his 
current position, Mr Vandevelde acted as Eandis’s secretary-general. He has gained large experience in 
legal, administrative and financial matters pertaining to the energy sector and the intermunicipal 
companies.  
Areas of responsibility: legal affairs, corporate administration, corporate social responsibility 
Other positions: secretary to the Board at the Issuer, De Stroomlijn, Synductis and the DSOs Fluvius 
Antwerpen and Iveka. 
Filip Van Rompaey, member of the Management Committee (Director Strategy) 
Mr Van Rompaey (b. 1962), is responsible for the Fluvius Strategy Department. Prior to joining the 
utility sector at Infrax, he worked in the steel, insurance and banking sector. Mr Van Rompaey holds 
degrees in IT and commercial engineering. 
Areas of responsibility: strategy, business development, corporate transformations, information security, 
digitalisation 
Other positions: Member of the Board at s-Lim 
Ilse Van Belle, member of the Management Committee (Director HR & Communication) 
Mrs Van Belle (b. 1968) holds a Commercial Engineering degree and she has obtained an HRM 
Executive Master Class certification. Mrs Van Belle was appointed as Fluvius’s director of HR & 
Communication in February 2019. Prior to her Fluvius position, she worked as external auditor at KPMG

--- Page 97 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
97 
and in different management positions at the telecom operator Proximus a.o. with responsibilities in the 
fields of internal auditing, strategy development and HR.  
Areas of responsibility: human resources, communication 
Other positions: none 
Audit Committee 
Fluvius System Operator has established an Audit Committee. Currently, its members are Jan Desmeth 
(Chairman), Lieven Cobbaert and Lies Laridon. The Issuer’s articles of association allow for a maximum 
of six members for the Audit Committee to be appointed by the board of directors of Fluvius System 
Operator amongst its members. 
The Audit Committee has an advisory competence and reports its findings to the Board of Directors. The 
responsibilities of the Audit Committee relate to control over the Issuer’s accountancy, its control 
systems, the proper application of accounting rules, financial reporting and budgeting. 
HR Committee
Fluvius System Operator has also installed an HR Committee. It is chaired by Ms Greet Geypen. Its 
other members are currently Piet Buyse and Adinda Van Gerven.  
The HR Committee has an advisory competence and reports its findings and guidelines to the Board of 
Directors. The HR Committee’s tasks include monitoring developments in the HR policy of Fluvius 
System Operator and advising on Fluvius System Operator’s general remuneration and benefits policy. 
The Committee is also consulted on nominations of managers within the company.  
Fluvius System Operator’s current articles of association stipulate that the HR Committee is composed 
of a maximum of six members to be appointed by the board of directors of Fluvius System Operator 
amongst its members.  
Strategic Committee  
The Strategic Committee functions as a consultation platform between Fluvius System Operator and its 
shareholders to prepare decisions on policy and strategic options. The Strategic Committee outlines the 
general strategy for Fluvius System Operator and the entire Fluvius Economic Group. Special attention 
is paid to the Issuer’s relationship with the authorities and regulator, with shareholders and with the other 
stakeholders in operating distribution systems in Flanders. It is composed of six members. According to 
the articles of association of Fluvius System Operator, this committee has a maximum of ten members 
to be appointed by the board of directors of Fluvius System Operator amongst its members and it is 
being chaired by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, currently Mr Piet Buyse. Its other members 
are Hans Bonte, David Coppens, Wim Dries, Koen Kennis and Christophe Peeters. 
Conflicts of interest  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the persons 
listed above in this section 1.3 – ‘The Issuer’s corporate structure’ vis-à-vis the Issuer and/or their private 
interests or other duties. It should be noted that possible conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
directors of the Guarantors and their private investments or other duties are permanently being 
scrutinised by the Flemish authorities and by the regional energy regulator, the VREG.

--- Page 98 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
98 
Corporate governance  
As the Belgian Corporate Governance Code for Listed Companies (the “Code 2020”) is primarily aimed 
at companies with listed shares and given the extensive legal and regulatory requirements applicable to 
Fluvius System Operator, the Issuer has published its own Corporate Governance Charter, which was 
inspired both by the Code 2020 and the Corporate Governance Code for Non-listed Companies 
(the “Code Buysse”). This Corporate Governance Charter, of which the current edition was approved 
by the Issuer’s Board of Directors on 17 June 2021, is updated on a regular basis when required by 
internal or external elements. The Corporate Governance Charter clearly states that the Issuer always 
strives to be compliant with the generally accepted principles of corporate governance. The Board of 
Directors is responsible for the Corporate Governance Charter. The topics covered in this Corporate 
Governance Charter are: (i) the company’s mission, vision and values, (ii) its corporate social 
responsibility and sustainability policy, (iii) the relationship between the General Assembly, the Board 
of Directors, the dedicated committees (Strategic, Audit, HR) and the Management Committee, as well 
as the relationship between the operating company and its shareholding intermunicipalities, (iv) the 
operational responsibilities of the Issuer and (v) internal audit, business continuity management, 
complaints handling and the protection of corporate information. The annual reports contain specific 
reporting on the implementation of corporate governance principles in everyday practice. 
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) & sustainability policies 
As a regulated entity in the energy and utilities sector with public shareholders, Fluvius is fully aware of 
its responsibilities in the areas of CSR and sustainability. Its commitments in this respect have been set 
out in the Fluvius CSR Charter, approved by the Board of Directors on 4 December 2019. This document 
can be accessed on the Issuer’s website: https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2019-12/9010106-
mvo-charter-2019-en.pdf. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Furthermore, the Issuer has published its Ethical Charter, in which the rules and guidelines for ethical 
behaviour by the Issuer’s staff has been outlined in line with legislation, general practice and the Issuer’s 
values. 
The Issuer’s strategy 
In working out the strategic options for the Issuer, the Board of Directors and the management of the 
Issuer carefully consider all relevant policy measures taken by the Flemish government and the VREG, 
as well as the evolving economic, technical, operational, regulatory and legal context for the Issuer. The 
Issuer is always careful, however, not to compromise the current reliability and quality of the grids it 
operates and the services it delivers by implementing policy changes. It therefore considers every 
implementation option in light of its financial, technical and logistical feasibility and reassures itself that 
any strategic choice to be made should be socially acceptable to grid users. A second foundation for 
outlining the mid-term strategic options is evidently the Issuer’s mission, vision, strategy and values 
taken as a whole, as approved by the Board of Directors. 
The Issuer’s strategy has four distinct elements: (i) we go all out for one Fluvius (ii) we create a 
maximum of synergies across the different networks (iii) we ensure future-proof networks and (iv) we 
put the customer and the employee first. The Issuer’s mission has been defined as “to sustainably connect 
society with our multi-utility networks” and its vision is the following: “Fluvius wants to become, in 
collaboration with all stakeholders, thé Flemish multi-utility company”. 
The outlined strategy is complemented by the Issuer values which can be considered as the DNA of the 
Issuer:

--- Page 99 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
99 

Stronger together!: we strengthen each other in order to achieve our goal together and as one 
team. 

Driven by professionalism: we put safety first. We rely on each other’s expertise, strive for quality 
and go for continuous improvement. 

Customer centric: our biggest motivation is our customers’ satisfaction. We do our utmost to help 
them. 

Commitment: we are prepared to go the extra mile, and we do what we promise. 

Respect: we are honest, show empathy and take responsibility for each other and the society. 
1.4
The Issuer’s corporate ratings
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has two long-term corporate ratings, i.e., at Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd. (“Moody’s”) and at Creditreform Rating AG (“Creditreform”). The history of 
these ratings is as follows: 
Moody’s 
Fluvius System Operator (and before 1 July 2018, its predecessor Eandis System Operator) is rated at 
Moody’s since 12 October 2011: 

12 October 2011 – 13 March 2014:  
A1 negative outlook 

13 March 2014 – 2 December 2014:  
A1 stable outlook 

2 December 2014 – 14 December 2016:  
A1 negative outlook 

14 December 2016 – 29 June 2018:  
A3 stable outlook 

29 June 2018 – 25 July 2019: 
A3 positive outlook 

25 July 2019 – 10 September 2020:  
A3 stable outlook 

10 September 2020 – 29 October 2021: 
A3 negative outlook 

29 October 2021 – present: 
A3 stable outlook 
In Moody’s methodology, an A3 credit rating means that the Issuer is situated in the upper-medium 
grade, subject to low credit risk; the modifier “3” indicates that it ranks in the lower end of its generic 
rating category. The stable rating outlook reflects the rating agency’s opinion regarding the likely stable 
trend of the Issuer’s credit rating, typically based on an 18-month horizon. 
The rationale for the rating downgrade in December 2016 from A1 to A3 was inspired by Moody’s 
anticipation that measures aimed at restoring the company’s credit quality would not be implemented as 
foreseen after the planned merger of the DSOs and the planned entry of a private partner were both 
aborted. 
Between December 2016 and the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody’s announced several consecutive 
changes in the rating outlook. These changes were mostly based on Moody’s expectations on the future 
developments of credit ratios, either positive or negative. Certain negative outlook changes reflected 
Moody’s expectation that the VREG’s decision on the adjusted 2021-2024 tariff methodology would 
cause key financial metrics to deteriorate and render balance sheet strengthening unlikely. In light of the 
mitigating measures put in place by the Issuer to limit the impact of the VREG’s decision, Moody’s 
however decided on 29 October 2021 to reinstate the Issuer’s stable credit rating outlook.

--- Page 100 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
100 
On 7 December 2021, Moody’s published its inaugural Credit Impact Score (CIS) for the Issuer. This 
CIS reflects the rating agency’s assessment of the impact that environmental, social and governance risks 
might have on an issuer’s overall credit profile. On a scale from CIS-1 (positive impact) to CIS-5 (very 
highly negative impact), the Issuer obtained a CIS-3 score (moderately negative) with a score of E-3 for 
environmental issues, S-3 on social items and G-2 for governance-related items. 
Creditreform  
Fluvius System Operator (and before 1 July 2018, its predecessor Eandis System Operator) is rated at 
Creditreform since 18 January 2017: 

18 January 2017 – 30 October 2020: 
A+ stable outlook 

30 October 2020 – present: 
A+ negative outlook 
The current credit rating and rating outlook was last affirmed by Creditreform on 28 October 2021. 
Creditreform based this affirmation on several factors, including the package of mitigating measures put 
in place by the Issuer to reduce the impact of the adjusted 2021-2024 tariff methodology.  
In Creditreform’s rating methodology, an A-rating means that the rated entity is assumed to possess a 
high level of creditworthiness and a low default risk. The modifier “+” indicates that the credit rating is 
in the upper part of its category. The negative outlook has a time horizon of one year, forecasting the 
likely course of developments for the period of twelve months after the date of the credit rating.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time. 
1.5
The Issuer’s Subsidiaries 
De Stroomlijn 
De Stroomlijn CV was established as a limited liability cooperative society (coöperatieve vennootschap 
met beperkte aansprakelijkheid/société coopérative à responsabilité limitée) on 28 December 2006 by a 
notarial deed of the same date, published in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette of 22 January 2007 
under number 07012863. Its registered office is at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium. De 
Stroomlijn is registered in the legal enterprise register of Ghent under number 0886.337.894.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fluvius System Operator possesses 1,650 shares out of the total 
of 2,654 shares in De Stroomlijn, or 62.17 per cent. of the contributions. The other shares are owned by 
TMVW/Farys, an intermunicipal company active in the distribution and treatment of water (850 shares), 
Synductis (77 shares) and De Watergroep, another drinking water and waste water utility company (77 
shares). 
De Stroomlijn’s articles of association give Fluvius System Operator the right to nominate four of the 
eight members of the Board of Directors. David Termont, member of the Issuer’s Management 
Committee, is chairman of the Board of Directors of De Stroomlijn. The other director on behalf of 
Fluvius is Tom Ceuppens. At the date of this Base Prospectus, there are two vacancies for a director 
mandate for which the Issuer can suggest someone. However, the Issuer does not currently intend to do 
so in the short term. Nick Vandevelde, secretary to the Board of Directors of Fluvius System Operator, 
holds the same position in De Stroomlijn’s Board of Directors.  
De Stroomlijn’s financial statements are consolidated with Fluvius System Operator according to the 
integral method.

--- Page 101 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
101 
De Stroomlijn operates as the independent customer contact centre that handles calls from end customers 
for distribution grid-related matters. On 31 December 2021, the company employed 361 people 
corresponding to 343,8 full-time equivalents. In 2021, De Stroomlijn processed a total of 2,622,789 
calls, 86.1 per cent. of which (or 2,258,366 calls) were related to Fluvius System Operator’s activities.  
Atrias  
Atrias CV was established as a limited liability partnership (coöperatieve vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid/société cooperative à responsabilité limitée) on 9 May 2011 by a notarial deed of the 
same date, published in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette of 25 May 2011. Its registered office 
is at Kanselarijstraat 17A, 1000 Brussels, Belgium. Atrias is registered with the legal enterprise register 
of Brussels under number 0836.258.873.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Fluvius System Operator owns 50% of Atrias’s contributions. The 
remaining Atrias shares are owned by other entities in the Belgian energy distribution sector, being 
ORES, Resa, Sibelga, AIEG, AIESH and Régie de Wavre.  
Fluvius System Operator has the statutory right to nominate three of the nine Board members and has 
appointed Guy Cosyns, David Termont and Frank Vanbrabant in those positions. Fluvius System 
Operator also has the statutory right to nominate the Chairman of the Board of Directors. Frank 
Vanbrabant currently serves as Atrias chairman. Mr Géry Vanlommel, a Fluvius executive, is secretary 
to Atrias’s Board of Directors. 
Atrias’s financial statements are consolidated with Fluvius System Operator according to the equity 
method.  
Atrias’s mission is defined as assuming the function of a central clearing house for the benefit of the 
DSOs and, as such, it is charged with the project for the development of the Message Implementation 
Guide (MIG) version 6, the development of a central Clearing House application and the management 
and maintenance of this application. MIG is a data transmission protocol being used for the structured 
data exchange between suppliers, DSOs and regional regulators on the liberalised energy market in 
Belgium. Through this role, Atrias will play a crucial role in data exchanges between energy market 
parties (primarily the DSOs and the energy suppliers). Atrias is now the central hub for information 
exchanges between those parties regarding all data changes in the characteristics of individual 
connections for electricity and gas throughout Belgium: registered consumption volumes, switches of 
energy supplier by the end consumers, end consumers moving house, installation of solar panels, 
adaptations to the technical characteristics of a connection, etc. During November-December 2021, the 
Central Clearing House application went live, thus implementing MIG6. 
As at 31 December 2021, Atrias employed 25 people or 24.10 full-time equivalents. 
Synductis  
Synductis was established on 21 December 2012 as a limited liability cooperative society (coöperatieve 
vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid/société cooperative à responsabilité limitée) by a notarial 
deed of the same date, published in the Annexes to the Belgian State Gazette of 25 January 2013. Its 
registered office is at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium. Synductis is registered with the 
legal enterprise register of Ghent under number 0502.445.845.  
The founding partners of Synductis are Eandis, TMVW/Farys and IWVA/Aquaduin. Its current 
shareholders are Fluvius System Operator (holding 34.47% of the shares as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus), the water companies TMVW/Farys, Pidpa, IWVA/Aquaduin, De Watergroep, wastewater 
treatment company Aquafin, telecom operator Proximus and, finally, AGSO Knokke-Heist.

--- Page 102 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
102 
Furthermore, Synductis is closely collaborating on a contractual basis with the Flemish public transport 
company De Lijn and with the Flemish Agency for Roads and Traffic (Agentschap voor Wegen en 
Verkeer – AWV).
The eight-member Board of Directors at Synductis is currently being chaired by Mr Christophe Peeters, 
director at Fluvius System Operator. The other director on behalf of Fluvius is Mr Tom Kersemans, who 
is also a member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors. Nick Vandevelde is secretary to the Board of 
Synductis.
Synductis’s accounts are being consolidated with Fluvius System Operator according to the equity 
method.
Synductis has no staff of its own. Its activities are carried out by employees seconded by its shareholders.
Synductis has the mission to better coordinate infrastructure works with an impact on the public domain. 
The coordination of planning and execution of infrastructure works by Synductis should lead to more 
synergies between utilities, minimal costs for grid operators and local authorities, and less hindrance for 
the population. A timely and clear communication with local authorities and neighbours is essential.
1.6
The Fluvius (consolidated) group and the Fluvius Economic Group
The operating company Fluvius System Operator and its consolidated Subsidiaries Atrias, De Stroomlijn 
and Synductis (see also section 1.5 – ‘The Issuer’s Subsidiaries’ above) constitute the “Fluvius 
(consolidated) group”. This concept is entirely in line with the consolidation principles laid down in the 
Belgian accounting legislation.
When the Fluvius consolidated group is considered together with the eleven shareholders of the 
operating company, Fluvius OV (see section 1.7 – ‘Fluvius OV’) and Interkabel, the intermediate 
structure of the Fluvius CATV entities (see section 4.3 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework for 
Flemish CATV intermunicipalities’), the concept of the “Fluvius Economic Group” is introduced. It 
should be pointed out that the Fluvius Economic Group is not a legal entity, but that this concept is used 
for reporting purposes, taking into account that the Fluvius Economic Group includes both the asset 
owners and license holders (i.e., the Guarantors) and the entities which employ the staff and where the 
operational activities are being carried out (i.e., the operating company Fluvius System Operator, Fluvius 
OV and its consolidated Subsidiaries).
Schematically:

--- Page 103 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
103 
1.7
Fluvius OV 
At the occasion of the legal merger by absorption of the former operating company Infrax by Eandis 
System Operator on 1 July 2018, all staff of the Infrax group entities had to be integrated into the newly 
created Fluvius System Operator. This posed no problems for the contractually employed Infrax staff, 
but the same procedure could not be followed for the statutory staff of the former Infrax entities. The 
said merger could not change their statute, nor their individual and collective rights and obligations. 
Therefore, these statutory employees were assembled within the entity Fluvius OV. 
Fluvius OV’s enterprise number is 0201.311.226. Its registered office is at Trichterheideweg 8, 3500 
Hasselt, Belgium. The current legal entity Fluvius OV was created by a partial split-up of the former 
Infrax Limburg as registered in two notarial deeds executed by notary Vanderstraeten at Opglabbeek, 
dated 20 June 2018 and 25 June 2018.  
All staff on Fluvius OV’s pay-roll is, however, fully integrated into the organisational scheme and the 
different teams of the operating company Fluvius System Operator. The distinction between Fluvius 
System Operator and Fluvius OV was created solely for reasons of employment legislation. It should be 
pointed out that there will be no future growth in the number of staff, since no new statutory employees 
are or will be hired by Fluvius OV. Fluvius OV will cease to exist as soon as the last statutory employee 
leaves the company through retirement or otherwise. 
At 31 December 2021, Fluvius OV employed 717 employees (i.e., 691.93 full-time equivalents). 
On a monthly basis, the costs generated by Fluvius OV are passed through to Fluvius System Operator, 
which functions as the collection point for all costs generated for the operating company’s statutory 
operational activities on behalf of the eleven DSOs/Guarantors. The operating company Fluvius System 
Operator sends out a monthly ‘management invoice’, calculated on the basis of all costs generated 
including those of Fluvius OV, to each of its DSOs/Guarantors. 
Fluvius OV is included in the IFRS financial reporting of the Fluvius Economic Group. 
2
General information on the Guarantors  
2.1
General information 
Legal name and place of registration  
The Issuer, Fluvius System Operator, is the operating company for all of the Guarantors. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, these Guarantors are: 
1.
FLUVIUS ANTWERPEN (registered office at Antwerpsesteenweg 260, 2660 Hoboken-
Antwerp, Belgium; general telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 
0212.704.370 (RLE Antwerp)): services a territory of 38 cities and municipalities in the wider 
Antwerp region, including the city of Antwerp (32 municipalities for electricity, 34 municipalities 
for gas, 4 municipalities for sewerage and 14 municipalities for CATV). Fluvius Antwerpen was 
licensed by the VREG for electricity and gas distribution by a decision of 30 January 2020. LEI: 
5493003FZLUZ7VLIBT46;

--- Page 104 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
104 
2.
FLUVIUS LIMBURG (registered office at Trichterheideweg 8, 3500 Hasselt, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0207.165.769 (RLE Hasselt)): 
services a territory which largely corresponds to the territory of the Province of Limburg, 
including the cities of Hasselt and Genk. It covers 58 municipalities for electricity, 57 
municipalities for gas, 35 municipalities for sewerage and 43 municipalities for CATV. By the 
VREG’s decision of 25 April 2019 the licenses that had been awarded to Inter-Energa were 
relabeled as licenses for Fluvius Limburg. LEI: 5493006L24J50TYNYG41;
3.
FLUVIUS WEST (registered office at Noordlaan 9, 8820 Torhout, Belgium; general telephone 
number: +32 78 353534; enterprise number 0205.157.176 (RLE Ghent, section Ostend)): services 
a territory of 41 cities and municipalities in the Provinces of West-Flanders and (for CATV only) 
in the Province of Flemish-Brabant: it covers 15 municipalities for electricity, 11 municipalities 
for gas, 19 municipalities for sewerage and 32 municipalities for CATV. The VREG licensed 
Fluvius West as electricity DSO on 27 January 2015. The license for gas was awarded by a 
decision of the VREG of 29 September 2015. LEI: 549300YJJZ3CE3CJKG49;

--- Page 105 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
105 
4.
GASELWEST (registered office at President Kennedypark 12, 8500 Kortrijk, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0215.266.160 (RLE Ghent, section 
Kortrijk)): services a territory of 54 cities and municipalities in the provinces of East- and West-
Flanders that includes the cities of Kortrijk, Ypres and Oudenaarde (50 municipalities for 
electricity, 53 municipalities for gas). Gaselwest was licensed by the VREG for electricity 
distribution by a decision of 3 February 2015 and amended by the VREG’s decision of 
6 October 2020 (published on 8 October 2020), terminating Gaselwest’s appointment as DSO for 
the city of Deinze. Gaselwest’s current license for gas distribution was awarded by the VREG 
decision of 29 September 2015, also amended by the same VREG decision dated 6 October 2020. 
LEI: 549300NTUSYQHTNYO66;
5.
IMEWO (registered office at Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium; general telephone 
number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0215.362.368 (RLE Ghent, section Ghent)): 
services a territory of 39 cities and municipalities in the Provinces East- and West-Flanders (38 
for electricity and 39 for gas), including the cities of Ghent, Bruges, Lokeren and Ostend. Imewo 
was licensed as electricity DSO by the VREG decision of 5 September 2014 and as gas DSO by 
the VREG decision of 29 September 2015. By the VREG’s decision of 6 October 2020 (published 
on 8 October 2020), IMEWO was appointed as electricity and gas DSO for the entire territory of

--- Page 106 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
106 
the merged city of Deinze (formerly the separate entities Deinze and Nevele). LEI: 
549300RK49YQPIEQRX17;
6.
INTERGEM (registered office at Franz Courtensstraat 11, 9200 Dendermonde, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0220.764.971 (RLE Ghent, section 
Dendermonde)): services a territory of 23 cities and municipalities in the Provinces Flemish-
Brabant and East-Flanders, including the cities of Aalst, Sint-Niklaas and Dendermonde (i.e. 23 
municipalities for electricity and the same number for gas). Intergem was licensed as electricity 
DSO by the VREG on 3 February 2015 and as gas DSO on 29 September 2015. LEI: 
549300DKOLZ2SCJH8381;
7.
IVEKA (registered office at Koningin Elisabethlei 38, 2300 Turnhout, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0222.030.426 (RLE Antwerp, section 
Turnhout)): services a territory of 27 cities and municipalities in the Province of Antwerp, 
including the city of Turnhout (25 municipalities for electricity and 26 municipalities for gas).

--- Page 107 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
107 
Iveka’s current licenses as electricity and gas DSO date back to the VREG decisions of 30 January 
2020. LEI: 5493000L706GK2JAQV45;
8.
IVERLEK (registered office at Aarschotsesteenweg 58, 3012 Wilsele-Leuven, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0222.343.301 (RLE Leuven)): 
services a territory of 51 cities and municipalities in the provinces Flemish-Brabant and Antwerp, 
including the cities of Mechelen and Leuven. It covers 50 municipalities for electricity and 51 
municipalities for gas. Iverlek was licensed as electricity DSO by the VREG decision of 3 
February 2015. Iverlek’s gas DSO license was awarded by the VREG on 29 September 2015. 
LEI: 54930073JZQL85NE3817;
9.
PBE (registered office at Diestsesteenweg 126, 3210 Lubbeek, Belgium; general telephone 
number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0203.563.111 (RLE Leuven)): services a 
territory of 20 cities and municipalities in the Province Flemish-Brabant. It services 20 
municipalities for electricity and 14 municipalities for CATV. PBE is only licensed as an 
electricity DSO (not for gas). Its current license was awarded by the VREG by a decision of 5 
September 2014. LEI: 549300G5CH6WKCGR4Q56;

--- Page 108 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
108 
10.
RIOBRA (registered office at Oude Baan 148, 3210 Lubbeek, Belgium; general telephone 
number: +32 78 353534; with enterprise number 0878.051.819 (RLE Leuven)): services a 
territory of 26 cities and municipalities in the Province Flemish-Brabant for the sewerage activity. 
LEI: 54930060X7VGAYBWQL55; and
11.
SIBELGAS (registered office at Stadhuis, Grote Markt, 1800 Vilvoorde, Belgium; general 
telephone number: +32 78 353534; enterprise number 0229.921.078 (RLE Brussels)): services a 
territory of 5 cities and municipalities in the north of Brussels, both for electricity and gas. The 
VREG licensed Sibelgas as electricity DSO on 3 February 2015 and as gas DSO on 29 September 
2015. LEI: 549300X4GFP09PCRYU18. 
Legal form 
The Guarantors are regulated public law entities, more specifically mission entrusted associations 
(opdrachthoudende vereniging/association chargée de mission) according to the Local Government

--- Page 109 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
109 
Decree. Please refer to section 4 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework applicable to the Guarantors’ 
for information on the legal regime applicable to the Guarantors and its consequences.  
Please refer to section 3 – ‘Description of the markets for Fluvius’ for information on the markets in 
which the Guarantors operate.  
The Guarantors’ Geographical Markets  
The Guarantors have no activities outside the Flemish Region (Belgium). The maps above indicate the 
operating territories of each of the relevant Guarantors for their activities.  
Summary of the principal activities of the Guarantors and their role within the Fluvius Economic Group  
The corporate object of the Guarantors is defined in detail in article 3 of their respective articles of 
association.25 It comprises the management and operation of utility distribution systems, including the 
responsibility for the development of these systems, as well as their viability and security. The 
Guarantors are also responsible for certain social and other public service obligations.  
The Guarantors own the networks operated by the Issuer. With the exception of Riobra, they also hold 
the DSO licenses for electricity and gas distribution granted by the VREG26.  
The table below presents some aggregated basic figures on the network infrastructure under the 
management of the Issuer. All figures are per 31 December 2021. Although managed by the Issuer, the 
grid assets remain owned by the Guarantors.  
Electricity
Gas
Sewerage
CATV
Number of municipalities 
300 
299 
86 
103 
Total net length (km) 
133,911 
57,787 
11,861 
28,007 
of which (km): 
low voltage/pressure 
mid voltage/pressure 
87,070 
46,841 
47,727 
10,060 
Number of connections 
3,560,313 
2,334,895 
649,942 
1,140,992 
Digital meters installed 
737,964 
539,316 
N/A 
N/A 
Number of social clients 
68,907 
50,556 
N/A 
N/A 
Active budget meters 
36,088 
24,970 
N/A 
N/A 
Public lighting 
The Issuer and the Guarantors have activities related to public lighting. These activities stem, amongst 
others, from a historical public service obligation to operate municipal public lighting, imposed by the 
Flemish Government. By decision of the Flemish Government, this public service obligation was 
abolished as from 1 January 2022 onwards. However, the activities related to public lighting are still 
continued as a service to the municipalities. As of 31 December 2021, the Issuer is responsible for the 
operations of 1,171,490 public lighting points. Currently, a refurbishment programme is ongoing in 
25  For Riobra, see article 5 of its articles of association.
26 Riobra is not active in the distribution of electricity and gas, only in sewerage. Accordingly, it does not hold a DSO license for electricity and 
gas.

--- Page 110 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
110 
collaboration with the municipalities and technical parties, aiming at replacing all public lighting fixtures 
to LED technology by 2030. 
District heating 
The Issuer and the Guarantors are involved in a number of district heating projects. A district heating 
grid is an energy concept that uses heat – such as heat generated by a factory or incinerator, or which is 
drilled up from geothermal sources – for heating purposes. Well-insulated pipelines transport the heat 
from the heat source to the location where the heat is used for sanitation or heating. As such, district 
heating can be considered a sustainable form of energy use. 
The Issuer is gaining valuable expertise in designing, building and operating district heating grids 
through several dedicated projects. For an overview of projects in which the Issuer was involved as at 
5 October 2021, please refer to the table set out in section 4.6.3 – ‘District heating’ below. Further 
projects, which have demonstrated a sufficient strategic fit, will be subject to a business case analysis. 
2.2
A brief history of the Guarantors  
Since the implementation of the liberalisation in the energy markets in the European Union, the energy 
landscape in the Flemish Region has changed drastically. The main feature of the post-liberalisation 
energy landscape is that commercial activities and infrastructure operation are no longer conducted by a 
single entity. As a result, the intermunicipal companies, such as the relevant Guarantors, had to dispose 
of their electricity and gas supply activities and they have since become DSOs for electricity and gas. 
A second feature of the recent history of the energy distribution in the Flemish region is the tendency to 
create larger DSOs by merging DSOs. The most recent examples of this trend are the creation of Fluvius 
Antwerpen and Fluvius Limburg (both on 1 April 2019). Through such a merger, more efficiency and 
more synergies can be created in grid operations, as well as in the administrative support. In some cases, 
these mergers have led to multi-utility entities, combining activities in both energy distribution and other 
utility services. It cannot be ruled out that more such mergers of DSO will be realised in the future, with 
the same overall effects on synergies and efficiency gains. 
In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The Issuer, regulatory changes or legislative 
changes may initiate a possible merger of DSOs leading to a likely tariff harmonisation which may alter 
the Fluvius Economic Group’s financial position and prospects” in Part II – ‘Risk factors’. 
2.3
Corporate structure of the Guarantors 
The typical corporate structure of the DSOs is composed of the General Assembly (where all 
participating municipalities are represented), a Board of Directors and Regional Governing Committees 
(“RGC”). The Guarantors are very similar as regards their governance structure, however, there are 
some differences amongst them in order to meet specific local circumstances or differences in scale.  
Board of Directors  
The number of directors in each Guarantor varies. The Board of Directors is responsible for each 
Guarantor’s specific policy decisions and its own corporate affairs.  
An overview of the directors of each Guarantor as at the date of this Base Prospectus is presented below:  
Fluvius Antwerpen (business address for all directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
KENNIS Koen  
chairman 
Antwerp 
alderman 
VERBEECK Paul 
vice-chairman 
Nijlen 
mayor 
BAUWENS Dirk 
director 
Schilde 
mayor

--- Page 111 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
111 
DE VOS Chris 
director 
Duffel 
councillor 
DE VRIES Tom 
director 
Niel 
mayor 
DECKERS Sven 
director 
Brecht 
mayor 
GYS Frank 
director 
Wommelgem 
mayor 
JANSSENS Luc 
director 
Kapellen 
alderman 
LAMBRECHT Bart 
director 
Aartselaar 
alderman 
LEYS Carine 
director 
Hoboken (Antwerp) 
district alderman 
MEEUWS Tom 
director 
Antwerp 
alderman 
VAN GERVEN Adinda 
director 
Brasschaat 
alderman 
VAN LEUFFEL Charlie 
director 
Antwerp 
district alderman 
VERVLOESEM Katusha 
director 
Rumst 
councillor 
VINGERHOETS Kristien27
director 
Hemiksem 
councillor 
VAN HOVE Danny 
member with 
advisory role 
Zwijndrecht 
councillor 
Fluvius Limburg (business address for the directors: Trichterheideweg 8, 3500 Hasselt, Belgium)
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
KRIEKELS Rik 
Chair 
Diepenbeek 
mayor 
VAN ROELEN Erik 
vice-chairman 
Halen 
mayor 
BOSMANS Ilse 
director 
Wellen 
alderman 
DALEMANS Jan 
director 
Hechtel-Eksel 
mayor 
DRIES Wim 
director 
Genk 
mayor 
FRANSSEN Ine 
director 
Maaseik 
councillor 
LISMONT Patrick 
director 
Gingelom 
mayor 
NELIS Raf 
director 
Peer 
alderman 
STEEGEN Bruno 
director 
Bilzen 
alderman 
THIJS Heidi
director
Zutendaal
councillor
TIMMERMANS Lies
director 
on behalf of PBE
councillor - Bekkevoort
VAN DER AUWERA 
Liesbeth 
director 
Bree 
mayor 
VERHEYEN Peter 
director 
Lanaken 
alderman 
VINTS Thomas 
director 
Beringen 
mayor 
VOS Mark 
director 
Riemst 
mayor 
VANDER LINDEN Serge 
member with 
advisory role 
Hamont-Achel 
councillor 
Fluvius West (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
LARIDON Lies 
chair 
Diksmuide 
mayor 
DE KNOP Irina 
vice-chair 
Lennik 
mayor 
CASIER Elke 
director 
Torhout 
councillor 
DESSEIN Geert 
director 
Ledegem 
alderman 
GOEMAERE Lies 
director 
Oudenburg 
councillor 
LANSENS Patrick 
director 
Koekelare 
mayor 
MAERTENS Caroline 
director 
Izegem 
alderman 
MOERKERKE Geert 
director 
Staden 
alderman 
PATTYN Francis 
director 
Harelbeke 
alderman 
POLLET Jan 
director 
Jabbeke 
councillor 
TANT Stijn 
director 
Wevelgem 
alderman 
VAN DEN BROECK Floris 
director 
Opwijk 
councillor 
VANWILDEMEERSCH Rik 
director 
Hooglede 
alderman 
VERMOTE Lynn 
director 
Kortemark 
alderman 
27 Mrs Vingerhoets resigned in March 2022 and still has to be replaced in the Board of Directors. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
municipality of Hemiksem did not yet propose a new director.

--- Page 112 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
112 
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
VIAENE Jan 
director 
Lendelede 
councillor 
TANGHE Johan 
member with 
advisory role 
Oudenburg 
councillor 
Gaselwest (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
DEJAEGHER Christof 
chairman 
Poperinge 
mayor 
BOGAERT Franka 
vice-chair 
Oudenaarde 
councillor 
CASIER Youro 
director 
Wervik 
mayor 
COBBAERT Lieven 
director 
Ichtegem 
alderman 
DELBARGE Mathieu 
director 
De Haan 
alderman 
EVRARD Sandy 
director 
Mesen 
mayor 
HAYDON Daisy 
director 
Wielsbeke 
councillor 
VANBRUSSEL Mieke 
director 
Roeselare 
councillor 
VERZELE Joop 
director 
Kruisem 
mayor 
VANDENBROUCKE Koen 
member with 
advisory role 
Oostrozebeke 
councillor 
Imewo (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
DE BACKER Charlotte 
chair 
Ostend 
councillor 
THIENPONT Filip 
vice-chair 
Merelbeke 
mayor 
ANNYS Pablo 
director 
Bruges 
alderman 
DE DECKER Carl 
director 
Ghent 
councillor 
DE KEYSER Jan 
director 
Oostkamp 
mayor 
DE SPIEGELAERE Conny 
director 
Deinze 
alderman 
GANSEMANS Joris 
director based on 
experience 
Ghent 
expert 
TRENSON Rob 
director 
Evergem 
councillor 
VAN RYSSELBERGHE 
Sabine 
director 
Lokeren 
alderman 
SEELS Marnix 
member with 
advisory role 
Kaprijke 
councillor 
Intergem (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
COPPENS David 
chairman 
Aalst 
councillor 
BUYSE Piet 
vice-chair 
Dendermonde 
mayor 
HANSSENS Carl 
director 
Sint-Niklaas 
alderman 
PEETERS Lotte 
director 
Hamme 
alderman 
VANDERPOORTEN Dirk 
director 
Ninove 
councillor 
VINCKE Veerle 
director 
Beveren 
councillor 
VERHOFSTADT Henk 
member with advisory 
role 
Bever 
councillor 
Iveka (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
VAN DE PERRE Guy 
chairman 
Kasterlee 
alderman 
CUYLAERTS Nathalie 
vice-chair 
Rijkevorsel 
alderman 
KERSEMANS Tom 
director 
Lille 
alderman

--- Page 113 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
113 
LATHOUWERS Silke 
director 
Kalmthout 
alderman 
VAN BAVEL Piet 
director 
Hoogstraten 
alderman 
VAN DEN BORNE Patrick 
director 
Ravels 
alderman 
VAN DE PERRE Jef 
member with advisory 
role 
Baarle-Hertog 
councillor 
Iverlek (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in 
municipality 
DESMETH Jan 
chairman 
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw 
mayor 
GEYPEN Greet 
vice-chair 
Mechelen 
alderman 
DAEMS Geert 
director 
Hulshout 
alderman 
DEMIDDELEER Bertrand 
director 
Halle 
councillor 
ELPERS Heidi 
director 
Lennik 
alderman 
HEREMANS Nathalie 
director 
Heist-op-den-Berg 
councillor 
ROOVERS Tom 
director 
Tienen 
alderman 
VANSINA Dirk 
director 
Leuven 
alderman 
VRANKEN Gerry 
director 
Aarschot 
alderman 
VAN DOREN Bart 
member with advisory 
role 
Londerzeel 
councillor 
PBE (business address of the directors: Brusselsesteenweg 199, 9090 Melle, Belgium) 
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
CLUCKERS Geert 
chairman 
Diest 
alderman 
ROGGEN Jo 
vice-chairman 
Geetbets 
mayor 
SUFFELEERS Davy 
vice-chairman 
Lubbeek 
alderman 
BILLENS Samuel 
director 
Gooik 
councillor 
COOSEMANS Pieter 
director 
Holsbeek 
councillor 
DE PRETER Nele 
director 
Tremelo 
councillor 
DEVOS Stefaan 
director 
Kortenaken 
mayor 
FOURIE Lore 
director 
Landen 
alderman 
LAUREYS Geert 
director 
Steenokkerzeel 
alderman 
LEAERTS Kris 
director 
Kampenhout 
mayor 
SEGHERS Rudi 
director 
Pepingen 
alderman 
TIMMERMANS Katrien
director
Oud-Heverlee
alderman
TIMMERMANS Lies 
director 
Bekkevoort 
councillor 
VAN DEN BROECK 
Lieven 
director 
Herne 
councillor 
WUYTS Annelore 
director 
Tielt-Winge 
councillor 
DANCKERS Ann 
member with 
advisory role 
Begijnendijk 
councillor 
Riobra (business address: Brusselsesteenweg199, 9090 Melle, Belgium) 
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
VANGOIDTSENHOVEN 
Danny 
chairman 
Huldenberg 
mayor 
MARTENS Nicky 
vice-chair 
Tienen 
councillor 
DEKEYSER Annick 
director 
Boortmeerbeek 
alderman 
GOOVAERTS Ann 
director 
Steenokkerzeel 
councillor 
GORIS Carine 
director 
Rotselaar 
alderman 
PERSOONS Ludo 
director 
Galmaarden 
alderman 
REVIERS Benny 
director 
Bekkevoort 
alderman 
ROGGEN Jo 
director 
Geetbets 
mayor 
SERE Veerle 
director 
Sint-Pieters-Leeuw 
councillor 
SOREE Bart 
director 
Begijnendijk 
alderman

--- Page 114 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
114 
SOUFFRIAU Pascale
director
Gooik
councillor
SUFFELEERS Davy 
director 
Lubbeek 
alderman 
TAVERNIERS Jean-Pierre 
director 
Hoegaarden 
mayor 
VANBELLE Guy 
director 
Boutersem 
councillor 
VANDEVELDE Andy 
director 
Linter 
alderman 
REYGAERTS Yvo 
member with 
advisory role 
Bever 
councillor 
Sibelgas (business address of the directors: Laurent-Benoit Dewezplein 6, 1800 Vilvoorde, Belgium)  
Name 
Function in DSO 
Municipality 
Function in municipality 
BONTE Hans 
chairman 
Vilvoorde 
mayor 
VANSTEENKISTE Walter  
vice-chair 
Wemmel 
mayor 
AKKUS Faruk 
director 
Vilvoorde 
councillor 
ANDRIES Christian 
director 
Wemmel 
alderman 
CLAEYS Steve 
director 
Machelen 
alderman 
DE BOECK William 
director 
Grimbergen 
alderman 
DE GROEF Jean-Pierre 
director 
Machelen 
chairman of municipal 
council 
HEYVAERT Roger 
director 
Meise 
councillor 
LAMARTI Fatima 
director 
Vilvoorde 
alderman 
LATHOUWERS Sonia
director
Meise
councillor
LAUWERS Chantal 
director 
Grimbergen 
alderman 
ROOSEN Philip 
director 
Grimbergen 
alderman 
VAN DER STRAETEN 
Monique 
director 
Wemmel 
alderman 
VAN HARCK Nancy 
director 
Machelen 
councillor 
WOUTERS Jaak 
director 
Meise 
councillor 
GROOTJANS Marc 
member with 
advisory role
Machelen
councillor
VIAENE Christian
director I.B.E.G.
/
/
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
Guarantors’ directors and their private interests or other duties. Potential conflicts of interest are 
scrutinised both by the Flemish energy regulator, the VREG, and the Flemish Government as supervising 
authority. 
Regional Governing Committees  
Each participating municipality has the statutory right to nominate at least one member of the relevant 
RGC. Municipalities with large populations sometimes have the right to nominate more than one 
member to such a RGC. 
These RGCs are competent to decide on local matters, such as the collaboration with the municipally 
organised Public Social Welfare Centres (Openbaar Centrum voor Maatschappelijk Welzijn), local 
infrastructure works, RUE-activities (Rational Use of Energy), energy services to local authorities, 
public lighting, and the DSOs’ social supplier activities (tariffs excluded). They can also advise on all 
matters pertaining to local matters. As to the strategic participations, the Regional Governing 
Committees have the statutory duty to formulate advices to the Board of Directors on matters such as 
the proposals for capital increases or capital reductions, the acquisition of new participations or the 
divestment of existing participations, and the allocation of the financial profits thereof. The relationship 
between the DSO and the operating company is ensured by and through the DSO’s Board of Directors.  
The exact number of RGCs in each DSO (2 or 3) depends on the size of the DSO. At the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the DSO Sibelgas does not have RGCs.

--- Page 115 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
115 
2.4
The status of the Guarantors under public law and the regulatory regime  
General overview and administrative review  
All Guarantors currently qualify as a “mission entrusted association” (opdrachthoudende vereniging/ 
association chargée de mission), governed by the Local Government Decree. 
Pursuant to the Local Government Decree, the mission entrusted associations are subject to 
administrative supervision by the Flemish Government as their supervising authority. It is necessary to 
distinguish between general and special administrative review by the Flemish Government. General 
administrative review is governed by Articles 461-469 of the Local Government Decree and refers to 
the possibility for the Flemish Government to annul decisions of the governing bodies of the association 
(in particular the Board of Directors) that it deems are not in compliance with the law or the public 
interest. To this effect, the Flemish Government can request (access to) all decisions, documents and 
information it requires. A summary of all decisions taken by a mission entrusted association must also 
be published on its website within ten days from the day they are taken.28 A decision can also be the 
subject of a complaint by a third party, in which case the Flemish Government will request the decision 
and related file to take this into account in the exercise of its administrative review. The term for 
exercising its review by the Flemish Government is 30 days from the publication of the list (or 50 days 
from the publication of a decision on certain specific topics). This term is suspended by (i) the 
submission of a (valid and timely) complaint and (ii) a request by the Flemish Government to receive 
the decision; a new 30-day (or 50-day) term then starts on the day following the day the complaint or 
the file, respectively, have been sent. As the filing of a complaint, in our view, does not qualify as a 
mandatory organised administrative review, a third party with an interest is not required to do so before 
it can challenge a decision by a mission entrusted associated before the Council of State (which it can 
do by default within 60 days following its publication). Any annulment decision by the Flemish 
Government must also be published on the website of the association. 
In addition to the general administrative review, special administrative review is exercised by the 
Flemish Government in specific instances pursuant to Articles 428 and 472 of the Local Governance 
Decree, with respect to decisions (by a special shareholders meeting) regarding changes to the articles 
of association and participations in other legal persons (that are not mission entrusted companies) 
respectively. These decisions must be sent (within 30 days) to and approved by the Flemish Government 
(within 90 or 100 days following the day they are sent) before they can have their effect. As such this 
concerns a form of active review, as opposed the passive, general review described in the previous 
paragraph. 
Lastly, the Flemish Government, pursuant to Article 470 of the Local Government Decree, can exercise 
forced supervision (following expiry of a remedy period given by written notice), in the form of one or 
several commissioners that are mandated to collect all requested information or comments at the 
premises of the association or to take other measures prescribed by law. 
The mission entrusted associations have the corporate form of cooperative companies (coöperatieve 
vennootschap/société coopérative) and follow the general rules set out in the Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code for cooperative companies. However, on certain key points they differ from these 
rules. For example:  
28 In addition to the list, decisions about certain specific topics must be integrally published on the website. The Flemish Government must be 
informed of this publication on the same day.

--- Page 116 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
116 

they are established for a limited duration. In the current state of legislation, their maximum 
duration is 18 years. A prolongation of the mission entrusted associations’ limited duration is 
possible if approved by their participants after having completed a strict approval procedure. This 
procedure requires that a request for prolongation is expressed by at least two thirds of the 
shareholders present or represented in a general shareholders’ meeting, provided that at least the 
majority of the municipal shareholders vote in favour;

local authorities that are venturing into a mission entrusted association, by rule of law, transfer – 
for the statutory duration of the latter – their relevant municipal competencies to the mission 
entrusted association;

mission entrusted associations are considered to be administrative authorities, whose decisions 
may be challenged before the Council of State (i.e., Belgium’s highest administrative court, or 
“Raad van State” in Dutch, “Conseil d’Etat” in French);

the mission entrusted associations are subject to the general principles of the public service and 
they have to comply with the applicable public procurement rules and regulations.  
For the sake of clarity, none of the Guarantors has a management committee. None of the Guarantors 
has its own staff. 
Current termination dates of the Guarantors  
It was indicated above that all Guarantors have been established as mission entrusted associations with 
a limited, but renewable, duration. The table below contains the date of incorporation 29  and the 
termination date for each of the Guarantors which is valid as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Date of incorporation 
Termination date 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
24 November 1972 
29 March 2037 
Fluvius Limburg30
29 November 2004 
29 March 2037 
Fluvius West 
7 April 1924 
29 March 2037 
Gaselwest 
8 July 1975 
29 March 2037 
Intergem 
15 September 1980 
29 March 2037 
Imewo 
10 March 1975 
29 March 2037 
Iveka 
24 November 1981 
29 March 2037 
Iverlek 
29 March 1982 
29 March 2037 
PBE 
8 February 1928 
29 March 2037 
Riobra 
25 November 2005 
24 November 2023 
Sibelgas 
19 December 1986 
29 March 2037 
The Guarantors cannot be subject to Belgian bankruptcy proceedings 
The Guarantors, which are public law entities pursuant to the Local Government Decree, are not subject 
to Belgian bankruptcy legislation and bondholders will therefore not enjoy protection from these 
bankruptcy laws as the Guarantors do not constitute enterprises under Book XX of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law. 
29  In some cases, these companies were originally incorporated under a different name. 
30  In March 2022, a proposal was launched to the Board of Directors of Fluvius Limburg regarding the prolongation of the activity ‘sewerage’ 
(ex-Inter-aqua) and the activity ‘CATV infrastructure’ (ex-Inter-media) until the regular termination date of Fluvius Limburg of 29 March 
2037.

--- Page 117 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
117 
Immunity of execution  
The Guarantors are public law entities. Under Belgian law, public law entities have the duty to perform 
their tasks of public service at all times (the so-called concept of ‘continuity of the public service’). 
Pursuant to Article 1412bis of the Belgian Judicial Code, assets owned by a public law entity (such as 
the Guarantors) therefore in principle benefit from immunity of execution as a result of which these 
assets cannot be seized. Most notably, this immunity of execution does not apply to assets that are 
manifestly not useful for the performance or the continuity of the public service. This means that, for 
example, the distribution infrastructure (cables, pipelines, cabins and others) owned by a Guarantor 
cannot be seized by Noteholders in case of default. Although this limits the enforceability of the 
obligations of the Guarantors, it also means that each of the Guarantors will be in a position to continue 
to perform its duties of public service and hence to generate revenues. This immunity of execution is not 
to be considered as an immunity of jurisdiction.  
Appointment/licensing requirements for DSOs 
The VREG has the competence to appoint (“license”) the DSOs for electricity and/or gas in the Flemish 
Region as stipulated in the Energy Decree. The conditions and procedure for such appointment are laid 
down in the executive order of the Flemish Government of 19 November 2010 containing general 
provisions on the energy policy, as amended31 (the “Energy Order”). The DSO license is valid for a 
renewable period of 12 years. 
The key characteristics to be demonstrated by a candidate-operator relate to:  

the legal ownership or sufficient exploitation rights over a distribution network; 

its financial, organisational and technical capabilities; 

its professional reliability; 

the operational and legal independence (“unbundling”) of the candidate-operator from all 
companies that are active in electricity generation or the import of natural gas, companies holding 
a supply license, intermediaries, energy service providers (ESCOs) and aggregators, as well as 
their affiliates or associated companies; 

its capability to comply with the GDPR in the performance of its data management; and

the capability to comply with uniform conditions for a continuous risk management system. 
The Energy Order sets out more detailed conditions relating to each of these requirements.  
On the basis of the evidence provided by the operators, the VREG extensively controls on a continuous 
basis their compliance with the appointment requirements and conditions.  
The VREG must also give its prior approval for the appointment of an operating company by a DSO. 
The relevant Guarantors (i.e., all Guarantors with the exception of Riobra, which is not a DSO) have 
appointed the Issuer as their operating company for electricity and gas in accordance with the 
requirements and conditions of the Energy Decree and the Energy Order. These Guarantors have been 
allowed to use the services of Fluvius System Operator as their operating company by a decision of the 
VREG of 26 June 2018. The appointment is for the same duration as the Guarantor’s own DSO license. 
31 Decision by the Flemish Government of 19 November 2010 regarding general stipulations on energy policy.

--- Page 118 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
118 
Termination/revocation of DSO license
The DSO license is automatically terminated in the event of bankruptcy32, liquidation or merger. In 
addition, the VREG can revoke a Guarantor’s DSO license in accordance with the Energy Decree in 
each of the following circumstances:
a significant change in the shareholding of the DSO or its operating company that may jeopardise 
the independent grid operation or the data management activities;
a heavy breach by the DSO or its operating company of their obligations under the Energy Decree 
and implementing legislation; and
a heavy breach of compliance with the GDPR. 
The VREG can withdraw its approval of the Issuer as operating company if the Issuer no longer complies 
with the criteria of its appointment (i.e., the same as for the DSO license set out above, and regarding 
the control of the DSO over the operating company) and the unbundling requirements.
However, the Guarantors and the Issuer deem this risk to be very remote, since they try to comply with 
the rules. Furthermore, compliance by the Issuer and Guarantors with their legal obligations is monitored 
on an ongoing basis by the regulator and other supervising authorities. It should also be noted that the 
VREG may never proceed to the drastic decision of revoking a license or approval without a prior 
notification to the relevant Guarantor (and/or the Issuer) allowing it to rectify the situation or to object 
to the proposed revocation. 
For a further description of the Guarantors’ principal activities and their position in the energy and other 
markets, we refer to section 3.2 – ‘Organisation of the Belgian Electricity Market’, section 3.3 – 
‘Organisation of the Belgian Gas Market’, section 3.4 – ‘Organisation of the Flemish Sewerage Market’ 
and section 3.5 – ‘Organisation of the Flemish cable television (CATV) Market’. In section 4 – 
‘Regulatory and contractual framework applicable to the Guarantors’, the regulations applicable to the 
tariffs used by the Guarantors are set out.
Distribution of electricity 
With its decisions of 30 September 2014 (PBE), 27 January 2015 (Fluvius West), 3 February 2015 
(Gaselwest, Intergem, Imewo, Iverlek, Iveka and Sibelgas), 24 February 2015 (Fluvius Limburg) and 25 
April 2019 (Fluvius Antwerpen), all as amended from time to time, the VREG renewed all of the DSOs’ 
electricity distribution licenses. The renewed licenses are in principle valid for a twelve-year period, 
starting on 5 September 2014 and expiring on 5 September 2026.33
Distribution of gas 
With its decisions of 29 September 2015, as amended from time to time, the VREG renewed all of the 
DSOs’ gas distribution licenses (other than PBE, which does not hold a gas distribution license). The 
32 It should be noted that in their current capacity the Guarantors cannot be subject to bankruptcy proceedings. Please also refer to the section 
entitled “The Guarantors cannot be subject to Belgian bankruptcy proceedings” and the risk factor entitled “The Guarantors cannot be subject 
to bankruptcy proceedings and, potentially along with the Issuer, benefit from immunity of execution, which impacts the enforcement options 
of the Noteholders”.  
33 For the sake of completeness, it can be noted that Fluvius Limburg was finally appointed as DSO for the territory of the municipality of Voeren 
by a decision of the VREG of 7 November 2016, for a twelve-year period starting on 1 January 2016 and expiring on 1 January 2028. 
Furthermore, by decisions of 6 October 2020 (published on 8 October 2020), the VREG appointed Imewo as the electricity and gas DSO for 
the whole city of Deinze as per 1 January 2021, and ended the appointment of Gaselwest as electricity and gas DSO for Deinze as of the same 
date.

--- Page 119 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
119 
renewed licenses are in principle valid for a twelve-year period, starting on 14 October 2015 and expiring 
on 14 October 2027. 
General Shareholders’ Meeting  
Under the Local Government Decree, a General Shareholders’ Meeting is convened twice a year: in the 
course of the first semester for discussing and approving the annual financial statements of the previous 
financial year, and in the course of the second semester for a discussion on the budgets and the strategy 
for the following year.  
Corporate Governance provisions 
The Guarantors’ articles of association contain stringent provisions on corporate governance. These 
provisions are based on several legal and regulatory provisions as to their independent functioning in a 
liberalised energy market and the rules for a non-discriminatory access to the distribution grids for all 
distribution network users. In this regard, reference is made to the detailed requirements set out in the 
Energy Decree and Energy Order, which are strictly complied with by each of the relevant Guarantors.  
Since none of the Guarantors is a listed company, the Corporate Governance Code for Listed Companies 
does not apply to the Guarantors. The recommendations of the Code Buysse do apply to the Guarantors. 
However, given the nature of the eleven Guarantors and the fact that an extensive set of binding corporate 
governance rules has been imposed upon them by law (see above), the Guarantors do not apply the Code 
Buysse to the extent that full compliance would be impossible, redundant or overly burdensome. 
2.5
The unbundling regime 
General  
The EU has introduced legislation containing unbundling rules for DSOs which aim to ensure that there 
is no conflict of interest for these system operators in the delivery of their services and no incentive to 
carry out their activities in a manner which might favour certain parties over other parties in the energy 
markets. These rules ensure that DSOs are not allowed to operate or have an interest in the businesses 
of energy generation and energy supply and other related energy businesses (subject to limited 
exceptions). There are different levels of unbundling: accounting, functional, legal and ownership 
unbundling.  
The Third Energy Package34 in principle only requires transmission system operators (“electricity
TSOs”) to be fully “ownership” unbundled. European legislation does not oblige DSOs to be 
“ownership” unbundled, but it imposes legal and functional unbundling. This is the case in Belgium as 
well where only electricity TSOs are subject to the most stringent rules on ownership unbundling. The 
Flemish Region has implemented the Third Energy Package by introducing specific unbundling rules 
applicable to DSOs (such as the Guarantors) and their operating company.  
Unbundling of the Flemish DSOs  
At the start of the liberalisation of the energy market the Flemish Region opted for a model of legal and 
functional DSO unbundling. Unbundling rules for DSOs and their operating companies are specified in 
both (i) the Energy Decree and (ii) the Energy Order. These rules affect both the Guarantors as DSOs 
and the Issuer as operating company.  
34  With regard to the electricity market, it concerns the Third Electricity Directive (2009/72/EC). For the gas market, it concerns the Third Gas 
Directive (2009/72/EC). The recast Electricity Directive (EU) 2019/944, which was approved as part of the Clean Energy Package, has not 
substantially altered these unbundling regimes for electricity TSOs and DSOs.

--- Page 120 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
120 
The Energy Decree stipulates that DSOs and their operating companies cannot develop activities 
involving the supply or production of electricity and gas or the provision of commercial energy services 
(including acting as aggregator). In addition, the Energy Order contains, inter alia, the following 
unbundling restrictions:  

Maximum participation of 30% in a DSO’s share capital or contributions (as applicable). 
Companies active in electricity generation or import of gas, intermediaries, companies holding a 
supply license, energy service providers (ESCOs) and aggregators (“Production or Supply 
Entities”) or their affiliates or associated companies are prohibited from owning individually or 
jointly more than 30% of the share capital or contributions (as applicable) of a DSO or its 
operating company.  

No participation in Production or Supply Entities. DSOs and their operating companies cannot 
directly or indirectly participate in Production or Supply Entities or their affiliates or associated 
companies.  

Corporate governance restrictions. The other unbundling restrictions mainly relate to corporate 
governance and the share of independent directors in the various corporate bodies.  
2.6
The Guarantors’ shareholding 
All shares representing the Guarantors’ share capital or contributions (as applicable) are currently held 
by Flemish local authorities (cities and municipalities). No shareholder exercises control over any 
Guarantor. 
The Guarantors have also issued non-voting shares and profit certificates. For more details, see the 
relevant tables below.  
Shareholding per Guarantor  
The tables below set out the number of voting shares, non-voting shares and profit certificates held by 
each of the Guarantors’ shareholders (situation on 31 December 2021).35
35 For each Guarantor, except Sibelgas, the abbreviations used in these tables refer to the terminology as set out in the articles of association of 
such Guarantors. The current articles of association of the Guarantors are available in Dutch on the website of the Issuer 
(https://over.fluvius.be/nl/thema/de-opdrachthoudende-verenigingen).

--- Page 121 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
121 
1.
Fluvius Antwerpen

--- Page 122 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
122 
2.
Fluvius Limburg

--- Page 123 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
123 
3.
Fluvius West

--- Page 124 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
124 
4.
Gaselwest  
E
G
Publigas
Publi-T
Ape
Ate
Aw
Shares 
public 
lighting
Ce
Cg
Cov
Cpg
Cpt
Cpe
Cw
Total profit 
certificates
Alveringem
79.541
13.756
6.213
23.104
-- 
1
-- 
122.615
6.865
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Anzegem
250.861
28.873
18.766
71.455
-- 
1
1
369.957
18.747
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Ardooie
283.135
125.123
101.271
113.572
-- 
1
-- 
623.102
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
4
Avelgem
89.280
11.323
21.409
16.316
-- 
1
-- 
138.329
10.168
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
De Haan
266.131
168.323
90.263
78.517
-- 
1
-- 
603.235
51.084
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
De Panne
293.910
194.220
74.706
70.789
-- 
1
-- 
633.626
29.902
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Deerlijk
301.299
106.236
55.577
85.894
-- 
1
-- 
549.007
14.391
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Dentergem
137.450
24.029
10.518
50.000
-- 
1
1
221.999
9.301
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Gavere
271.058
22.289
2.935
43.015
-- 
1
1
339.299
29.510
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Heuvelland
197.371
39.270
52.690
54.003
-- 
1
-- 
343.335
11.368
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Horebeke
43.860
740
-- 
6.033
-- 
1
1
50.635
3.741
1
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
1
5
Houthulst
118.207
12.483
2.777
38.147
-- 
1
-- 
171.615
12.612
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Ichtegem
174.088
108.000
75.097
44.071
-- 
1
-- 
401.257
23.598
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Ieper
759.642
452.867
306.112
212.179
-- 
1
-- 
1.730.801
64.692
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Ingelmunster
215.453
88.894
45.890
47.426
-- 
1
-- 
397.664
15.601
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Izegem
-- 
347.906
150.683
-- 
-- 
1
1
498.591
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
1
3
Kluisbergen
146.567
21.083
30.822
53.966
-- 
1
-- 
252.439
20.068
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Koksijde
584.764
316.576
125.541
121.081
-- 
1
-- 
1.147.963
70.908
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Kortemark
-- 
61.633
154.010
-- 
-- 
-- 
-- 
215.643
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
2
Kortrijk
1.581.525
1.063.310
406.307
378.206
-- 
1
-- 
3.429.349
126.411
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Kruisem
363.845
38.244
23.728
81.292
-- 
2
2
507.113
30.959
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Kuurne
295.220
174.037
94.666
96.137
-- 
1
-- 
660.061
21.524
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Langemark-Poelkapelle
129.294
20.202
32.485
55.042
-- 
1
-- 
237.024
8.574
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Lo-Reninge
51.479
13.235
5.724
15.171
-- 
1
-- 
85.610
7.389
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Maarkedal
147.564
2.362
-- 
19.918
-- 
1
-- 
169.845
5.186
1
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
4
Menen
452.249
419.277
211.299
145.419
-- 
1
-- 
1.228.245
43.575
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Mesen
14.003
13.288
4.256
1.619
-- 
1
-- 
33.167
2.989
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Meulebeke
197.735
80.020
59.637
48.327
-- 
1
1
385.721
14.290
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Moorslede
152.502
75.229
35.958
42.840
-- 
1
-- 
306.530
14.511
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Nazareth
220.549
20.178
2.593
64.188
-- 
1
-- 
307.509
27.833
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Nieuwpoort
266.389
149.246
58.956
44.530
-- 
-- 
-- 
519.121
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
4
Oostrozebeke
161.039
38.363
36.937
58.796
-- 
1
-- 
295.136
10.918
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Oudenaarde
587.889
264.825
298.333
191.642
-- 
1
1
1.342.691
81.744
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Pittem
162.620
64.797
78.424
54.680
-- 
1
1
360.523
10.763
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Poperinge
310.652
152.463
80.968
86.768
-- 
1
-- 
630.852
55.000
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Roeselare
1.113.670
741.165
401.463
355.789
-- 
1
-- 
2.612.088
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
4
Ronse
495.401
347.617
156.750
103.376
-- 
1
1
1.103.146
53.676
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Ruiselede
85.950
26.424
14.628
29.528
-- 
1
-- 
156.531
7.687
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Spiere-Helkijn
36.923
4.374
1.272
18.497
-- 
1
1
61.068
4.453
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Staden
273.533
96.783
91.046
136.249
-- 
1
-- 
597.612
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
4
Tielt
460.977
201.054
166.633
145.899
-- 
1
1
974.565
31.246
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Veurne
251.341
155.215
128.081
102.398
-- 
1
-- 
637.036
19.440
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Vleteren
41.001
10.848
5.724
11.965
-- 
1
-- 
69.539
6.396
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Waregem
904.096
338.991
319.664
347.890
-- 
1
-- 
1.910.642
63.614
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Wervik
204.724
161.044
82.876
60.395
-- 
1
-- 
509.040
30.156
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Wevelgem
-- 
143.639
189.332
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
332.972
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
2
Wielsbeke
107.661
46.407
152.004
87.043
-- 
1
1
393.117
24.827
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Wingene
300.714
72.937
43.248
58.509
-- 
1
-- 
475.409
36.890
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Wortegem-Petegem
131.209
2.957
-- 
31.119
-- 
1
-- 
165.286
9.841
1
1
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
4
Zonnebeke
191.935
84.223
93.448
111.528
-- 
1
-- 
481.135
21.026
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Zulte
310.780
38.759
12.280
77.165
-- 
1
-- 
438.985
33.183
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
5
Zwalm
140.719
5.695
49
16.107
-- 
1
1
162.572
11.074
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Zwevegem
330.859
92.927
47.358
90.827
-- 
1
1
561.973
39.621
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
1
6
Total
14.688.664
7.303.759
4.661.407
4.298.427
-- 
52
16
30.952.325
1.247.352
50
53
46
50
50
-- 
15
264
Shareholder
Voting shares
Non-voting
Grid management
Other activities
Total 
shares
Profit certificates

--- Page 125 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
125 
5.
Imewo  
6.
Intergem 
E
G
Publigas
Publi-T
Ate
Aw
Shares 
public 
lighting
Ce
Cg
Cov
Cpg
Cpt
Cw
Total profit 
certificates
Aalter
341.177
132.668
30.357
50.911
2
-- 
555.115
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Assenede
169.299
64.864
8.068
15.322
1
1
257.555
12.702
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Beernem
168.405
63.420
13.438
24.710
1
-- 
269.974
32.721
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Berlare
149.240
52.754
7.867
14.769
1
-- 
224.631
13.853
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Blankenberge
232.642
194.938
20.006
32.137
1
-- 
479.724
39.256
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Bredene
147.068
94.141
11.394
25.221
1
-- 
277.825
36.654
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Brugge
1.383.974
1.177.829
139.780
268.256
1
-- 
2.969.840
179.419
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Damme
108.770
53.899
8.168
16.911
1
-- 
187.749
32.995
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
De Pinte
102.098
38.143
5.240
11.470
1
-- 
156.952
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Deinze
817.036
258.317
28.078
76.715
2
1
1.180.149
91.656
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Destelbergen
200.548
120.733
13.614
15.146
1
1
350.043
18.669
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Eeklo
296.627
274.835
20.576
38.506
1
-- 
630.545
26.259
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Evergem
487.418
228.526
29.955
49.498
1
-- 
795.398
57.376
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Gent
4.535.304
3.568.363
288.460
498.205
1
-- 
8.890.333
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
4
Jabbeke
-- 
92.404
3.833
8.085
1
-- 
104.323
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
3
Kaprijke
82.883
30.753
4.541
8.535
1
-- 
126.713
25.251
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Knokke-Heist
643.984
449.646
41.018
89.893
1
1
1.224.543
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
5
Laarne
146.362
67.599
9.279
17.147
1
-- 
240.388
22.299
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Lede
160.817
109.650
8.168
14.380
1
-- 
293.016
13.037
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Lichtervelde
95.844
47.713
8.370
13.295
1
-- 
165.223
12.442
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Lievegem
307.680
147.661
18.666
33.485
3
1
507.496
53.046
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Lochristi
287.398
147.597
14.448
22.964
1
1
472.409
39.313
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Lokeren
459.425
320.502
38.224
64.349
1
-- 
882.501
78.280
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Maldegem
260.910
184.720
16.743
33.630
1
-- 
496.004
18.975
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Melle
125.026
111.624
7.967
12.800
1
1
257.419
23.645
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Merelbeke
192.022
189.202
20.614
33.082
1
-- 
434.921
34.201
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Moerbeke
80.026
42.157
4.235
7.151
1
1
133.571
10.900
1
1
1
1
1
1
6
Oostende
1.163.272
594.707
68.627
123.475
1
-- 
1.950.082
172.524
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Oosterzele
149.051
37.201
6.958
9.564
1
-- 
202.775
21.521
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Oostkamp
230.078
96.770
18.896
31.784
1
-- 
377.529
48.684
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Sint-Laureins
86.063
35.680
4.335
7.952
1
-- 
134.031
10.146
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Sint-Lievens-Houtem
117.422
22.522
9.785
14.039
1
-- 
163.769
11.267
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Sint-Martens-Latem
98.044
34.343
6.262
10.726
1
-- 
149.376
17.203
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Wachtebeke
60.269
23.002
4.541
6.239
1
-- 
94.052
18.321
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Wetteren
336.205
218.815
31.731
51.043
1
-- 
637.795
40.543
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Wichelen
127.636
49.498
5.525
9.931
1
-- 
192.591
17.714
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Zedelgem
202.768
111.631
20.878
31.180
1
-- 
366.458
40.690
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Zele
282.684
227.635
25.314
46.537
1
-- 
582.171
35.777
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Zuienkerke
36.248
10.770
1.906
3.082
1
-- 
52.007
3.842
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
5
Total
14.871.723
9.727.232
1.025.865
1.842.125
43
8
27.466.996
1.311.181
38
39
34
39
39
8
197
Shareholder
Voting shares
Non-voting
Total 
shares
Profit certificates
E
G
Apg
Apt
Ape
Ate
Aw
Shares 
public 
lighting
Ce
Cg
Cov
Cpg
Cpt
Cpe
Cw
Total profit 
certificates
Aalst
1.176.018
628.026
357.271
383.963
111.052
1
1
2.656.332
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
1
6
Affligem
108.906
31.500
12.420
43.213
12.730
1
-- 
208.770
14.093
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Bever
14.928
221
-- 
7.038
2.073
-- 
-- 
24.260
2.584
1
1
1
-- 
1
1
-- 
5
Beveren
719.677
326.004
214.363
192.329
55.161
1
-- 
1.507.535
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
5
Brakel
124.453
23.854
9.106
71.754
19.285
1
-- 
248.453
26.324
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Buggenhout
185.746
73.440
32.612
61.354
17.519
1
1
370.673
10.554
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
Denderleeuw
167.448
108.867
53.700
76.764
22.613
1
-- 
429.393
28.836
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Dendermonde
582.389
448.810
260.728
191.785
56.497
1
-- 
1.540.210
51.336
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Erpe-Mere
230.344
33.465
5.105
87.022
25.635
1
1
381.573
27.913
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
Geraardsbergen
309.484
214.325
124.488
126.942
42.285
1
-- 
817.525
39.435
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Haaltert
168.123
66.200
25.068
77.391
23.467
1
-- 
360.250
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
-- 
5
Hamme
242.215
210.287
113.610
106.399
31.343
1
-- 
703.855
21.986
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Herzele
142.680
42.688
13.982
66.287
22.081
1
1
287.720
25.173
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
Kruibeke
168.091
116.418
79.665
68.933
20.307
1
-- 
453.415
30.456
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Lebbeke
193.898
111.793
56.576
97.471
25.738
1
1
485.478
15.874
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
Lierde
49.522
9.804
667
25.069
8.351
1
1
93.415
6.827
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
Ninove
428.927
194.794
99.628
126.809
45.789
1
-- 
895.948
60.628
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Sint-Gillis-Waas
171.362
146.179
73.455
70.767
20.847
1
-- 
482.611
18.327
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Sint-Niklaas
1.043.690
686.912
382.131
259.500
93.702
1
-- 
2.465.936
97.966
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Stekene
162.359
135.248
68.558
62.837
18.511
1
-- 
447.514
25.917
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Temse
341.494
240.326
134.032
107.934
31.796
1
-- 
855.583
32.526
1
1
1
1
1
1
-- 
6
Waasmunster
101.276
51.407
20.421
38.166
11.102
1
1
222.374
13.926
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
Zottegem
275.848
110.816
54.596
117.548
34.628
1
1
593.438
-- 
1
1
-- 
1
1
1
1
6
Total
7.108.878
4.011.384
2.192.182
2.467.275
752.512
22
8
16.532.261
550.681
23
23
19
22
23
23
8
141
Shareholder
Voting shares
Non-voting
Total 
shares
Profit certificates

--- Page 126 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
126 
7.
Iveka 
E
G
Publi-T
Aw
shares 
public 
lighting
Ce
Cg
Cov
Cpg
Cpt
Cw
Total profit 
certificates
Arendonk
209.526
103.141
-- 
-- 
312.667
21.635
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Baarle-Hertog
50.031
8.253
-- 
1
58.285
4.469
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Balen
316.604
84.623
-- 
-- 
401.227
40.840
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Beerse
263.845
165.671
-- 
-- 
429.516
18.513
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Dessel
147.573
72.724
-- 
1
220.298
22.507
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Essen
-- 
90.698
-- 
-- 
90.698
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
Geel
587.493
300.779
-- 
-- 
888.272
80.320
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Grobbendonk
172.285
-- 
-- 
-- 
172.285
22.267
1
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
2
Herentals
446.641
266.160
-- 
-- 
712.801
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
2
Herenthout
132.426
90.493
-- 
1
222.920
9.649
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Hoogstraten
351.123
196.478
-- 
1
547.602
33.604
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Kalmthout
269.875
143.233
-- 
1
413.109
31.745
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Kasterlee
284.788
130.129
-- 
-- 
414.917
20.208
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Lille
274.876
153.435
-- 
1
428.312
17.987
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Meerhout
168.814
57.639
-- 
1
226.454
9.561
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Merksplas
-- 
70.961
-- 
-- 
70.961
-- 
-- 
1
-- 
-- 
-- 
1
Mol
545.061
267.482
-- 
1
812.544
53.852
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Olen
175.738
111.157
-- 
-- 
286.895
18.373
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Oud-Turnhout
212.933
119.133
-- 
-- 
332.066
15.394
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Ravels
259.695
123.234
-- 
-- 
382.929
26.782
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Retie
175.434
86.124
-- 
1
261.559
-- 
1
1
-- 
-- 
1
3
Rijkevorsel
212.864
91.322
-- 
-- 
304.186
15.958
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Turnhout
518.717
414.743
-- 
-- 
933.460
93.312
1
1
1
-- 
-- 
3
Vorselaar
243.060
55.870
49.164
1
348.095
31.300
1
1
1
1
1
5
Westerlo
371.379
210.734
-- 
1
582.114
35.165
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Wuustwezel
313.603
151.191
-- 
1
464.795
37.557
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Zandhoven
202.565
107.116
-- 
1
309.682
13.385
1
1
1
-- 
1
4
Total
6.906.949
3.672.523
49.164
13
10.628.649
674.383
25
26
23
-- 
1
13
88
Shareholder
Voting shares
Non-voting
Total
Profit certificates

--- Page 127 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
127 
8.
Iverlek

--- Page 128 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
128 
9.
PBE
10.
Riobra

--- Page 129 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
129 
11.
Sibelgas36
3
Description of the Markets for Fluvius
3.1
General
The below table provides an overview of the importance of the different business lines in which the 
Fluvius Economic Group is active as at 31 December 2021 in terms of turnover of the Guarantors 
(according to BE GAAP). The main activities are “Electricity distribution” and “Gas distribution”. The 
figure presented under ‘Others’ differs from the figure presented in the IFRS report due to eliminations 
between the entities of the Fluvius Economic Group. The activities under the category ‘Others’ are 
mainly “Sewerage” and “Cable TV Infrastructure”. Each of these are touched upon separately in the 
following sections.
Activity
Turnover 2021 
(in million EUR)
% of total turnover
Electricity distribution
2,296.1
76.9%
Gas distribution
533.7
17.9%
Others
157.1
5.3%
Total
2,986.9
100.0%
3.2
Organisation of the Belgian Electricity Market 
The major players on the Flemish electricity market are the electricity producers, the electricity TSO and 
the DSOs (and their service company), the wholesale and retail suppliers, energy service providers 
(including ESCOs and storage providers), intermediaries, energy communities, flexibility users and 
providers and aggregators, balance responsible parties, the end consumers and the regulators, as well as 
the Flemish Energy and Climate Agency (VEKA). Their functions are briefly outlined below. 
36 In relation to Sibelgas, “Ce” refers to (voting) shares of category C (as referred to in article 9 of Sibelgas’ articles of association) relating to 
electricity distribution and “Cg” refers to (voting) shares of category C relating to gas distribution activities. The distinction between “Ce” and 
“Cg” shares was created in order to remunerate the contribution of infrastructure proportionally, based on the value of the contributed 
infrastructure.

--- Page 130 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
130 
The picture below sketches the Belgian electricity market (including the market for energy services). 
Electricity Generation 
Currently, the electricity production in the Belgian market is dominated by nuclear power plants and gas 
fired power plants. The remaining generation capacity consists of the co-generation plants at the sites of 
large industrial consumers, units for renewable energy (such as small-scale hydropower units, 
photovoltaic electricity generation, offshore and onshore wind turbines and biomass/combined heating 
and power installations). 
The construction of new installations for electricity generation is subject to the prior granting of an 
individual permit by the federal minister for Energy on the advice of the federal energy regulator CREG 
(Commissie voor de Regulering van de Elektriciteit en het Gas/Commission de Régulation de 
l’Electricité et du Gaz) (the “CREG”).
Over the years, the electricity producers have adapted their portfolio of primary energy sources for 
electricity generation. Since the early eighties of the last century nuclear energy became more important 
(in 1986 already 67.2 per cent. of electricity was generated through nuclear energy), together with gas 
and cogeneration units. This trend continued during the nineties (the average contribution of nuclear 
energy in the nineties amounted to 58 per cent. – gas and combined production units accounted for 17 per 
cent.). Currently, the share of renewable energy sources is increasing, mainly due to the use of wind 
turbines (both onshore and offshore), solar installations and biomass. Recent Eurostat figures show that 
the share of electricity generated from renewable sources in Belgium totalled 22.1 per cent. in 2020. 
The EU’s and the Belgian federal government’s general energy policies aim at increasing the share of 
renewable energy generation and combined heat & power production (“CHP”). In order to stimulate 
these types of electricity production, the federal government had taken legal initiatives enabling the 
construction of offshore wind farms. The regional governments have worked out several measures to 
attain this goal. In the recent past, measures included the imposition of minimum supply levels (through 
quota obligations) for renewable energy and CHP by creating the legal framework for a mechanism of 
so-called “green power certificates” and “CHP-certificates” and the minimum price guarantees for green 
power and CHP certificates introduced to support the market for these instruments. The functioning of 
the green power certificates systems in the Flemish region is further outlined in section 9 – ‘Trends in 
Belgian
Producer
European 
Producer
Wholesale 
Market
Foreign 
electricity TSOs
electricity TSO
DSOs
Retail 
Customers
Customers

--- Page 131 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
131 
the markets in which the Issuer and the Guarantors are active’; the working of the CHP-certificates 
system is almost identical. 
Technological evolutions result in an increasing number of smaller installations being put in place, 
continually increasing the share of decentralised and CHP production:  
Key Figures for Electricity Production in Belgium 
Electricity generation (installed capacity in Belgium – 2020)37: 26,500 MW, of which 

fossil fuel fired: 27.8% 

nuclear: 22.4% 

pumped hydro: 4.7% 

hydro: 0.4% 

wind:17.8% 

solar: 22.8% 

biomass/biogas: 2.9% 

waste: 1.1% 
Electricity generated in Belgium (actual net electricity production – 2020): 85.39 TWh, of which 

thermal, incl. biomass: 39.2% 

nuclear: 38.3% 

pumped hydro: 1.2% 

hydro: 0.3% 

wind: 14.8% 

solar: 5.8% 

other: 0.4% 
In 2020, Belgium was a net exporter of electricity with a total net export volume of 0.7 TWh.   
Total electricity consumption in Belgium during 2020 amounted to 79.89 TWh. The trend in electricity 
consumption volumes is stabilising, due to more energy efficiency in spite of economic growth and an 
increase of population. Electricity consumption per segment (2019 figures): 

industry: 45.8% 

services: 25.8% 

residential: 22.0% 

transport: 2.1% 

agriculture: 2.1% 

energy transformation: 2.1% 
Wholesale Market for Electricity  
Suppliers on the wholesale market (e.g. traders and intermediaries) buy, in Belgium and abroad, energy 
from electricity producers or other wholesale suppliers and/or sell energy to either other wholesale 
suppliers or retail suppliers. Since retail supply is an activity for which a license is required (as opposed 
to trading), traders most often do not directly sell electricity to end customers.  
37  For most figures included in this section, the source is either Eurostat, Febeg (https://www.febeg.be/statistieken-elektriciteit) or Synergrid 
(www.synergrid.be). Information contained on these websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 132 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
132 
Transmission System Operation  
Transmission system operation refers to the regulated activity linked to the transport of electricity over 
the medium to high and very high voltage grids with a voltage of 36 kV (local transmission) / 70 kV and 
higher. The major users of these grids are the electricity producers, electricity traders, DSOs and 
industrial consumers with a direct connection to the high voltage electricity transmission network.  
A transmission system operator or electricity TSO operates and manages its grid independently from 
electricity producers and suppliers. Electricity TSOs have to organise an objective, non-discriminatory 
and transparent access to their electricity network. Transmission system operation is a regulated activity 
that is usually granted a legal monopoly within a larger geographical area. In Belgium, electricity 
transmission is performed by one single electricity TSO, Elia Transmission Belgium (see below). To 
fulfil this objective efficiently, electricity TSOs are in charge of the operation, maintenance and 
development of their grid. They also provide the required ancillary services.  
The very high voltage electricity networks are also used for the import and export of electricity between 
interconnected national grids and for purposes of mutual assistance between electricity TSOs according 
to international standards set by ENTSO-E38 operation rules (grid codes). Belgium’s very high voltage 
electricity network is connected to France, Luxembourg, the UK and the Netherlands. On 
9 November 2020, a connection to Germany was inaugurated and commercial operations on this line 
were launched on 18 November 2020. A submarine interconnection between Denmark and Belgium is 
planned by 2030, connecting offshore wind parks of both countries. 
Effective from 31 December 2019, Elia Group implemented a new company structure. As a result, it 
now consists of a holding company (Elia Group NV/SA) and an entity for the regulated activities in 
Belgium (Elia Transmission Belgium NV/SA). The latter has also become the electricity TSO for 
Belgium’s very high-voltage electricity grid by Ministerial Decree dated 13 January 2020 under a 
number of conditions, for a 20-year period which started on 31 December 2019. It also became the 
regional (Brussels-Capital) and local (Flanders and Wallonia) transmission system operator for the high 
(30/36-70kV) voltage grids. 
Distribution System Operation  
Distribution refers to the public distribution of electricity over medium and low voltage electricity 
networks, generally below 36 kV, to retail consumers (small and medium-sized enterprises and 
household consumers) using electricity for their own use. An operator of such a network is called a 
distribution system operator or DSO. The Guarantors (with the exception of Riobra, which is not active 
in the distribution of energy) are DSOs. Following a decision by the Flemish energy regulator VREG of 
5 July 201339, the license of the DSOs Gaselwest, Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek and Sibelgas has 
been expanded to the operation of electricity distribution grids up to 36 kV (formerly 30 kV).  
A DSO operates, maintains and develops its network and is required by law to organise access to its 
network in an objective, non-discriminatory and transparent manner. Distribution system operation is a 
regulated activity that is usually granted a legal monopoly within the boundaries of the operating territory 
attributed to each DSO.  
38  ENTSO-E refers to the ‘European Network of Transmission System Operators for Electricity’, an association of 42 electricity TSOs from 35 
European countries (situation on 1 January 2020). Website: https://www.entsoe.eu/. Information contained on this website does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
39 BESL-2013-10.

--- Page 133 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
133 
The main customers of the DSOs are wholesale suppliers and retail suppliers40.  
Most appointed DSOs in Belgium are intermunicipal companies (more specifically, mission entrusted 
associations – see above). An intermunicipal company essentially is a partnership of public authorities 
that is charged with certain activities of municipal interest common to its members.  
At the moment there are 16 DSOs in Belgium engaged in the distribution of electricity. In the Flemish 
Region, there are ten electricity DSOs, all of them being a Guarantor. The others have operations in the 
Brussels Capital Region (Sibelga) and the Walloon Region (5 DSOs). 
With a view to ensuring the DSOs’ independence, the participation of producers and suppliers in the 
DSOs’ share capital or contribution (as applicable) is limited by law. In the Flemish Region, importers, 
producers, suppliers and energy service providers may (individually or jointly) not hold more than 30 
per cent of a DSO’s (and its operating company’s) share capital or contributions (as applicable) (see 
above).  
In the Flemish Region, DSOs are appointed by the VREG. 
For reasons of clarity it should be noted that, although the intermunicipal companies/DSOs hold the 
legal monopoly of operating the electricity distribution network with a voltage below 36 kV, Elia 
Transmission Belgium 41  operates the electricity network between 36 kV and 70 kV (the local 
transmission system). Elia Transmission Belgium was granted this legal monopoly for the Flanders 
region by appointment of the VREG (24 December 2019) until 31 December 2023. For historical 
reasons, an exception still exists in relation to Fluvius Limburg, which operates the 36-70 kV grid on 
behalf of Elia Transmission Belgium.  
Retail Supply  
Retail supply of electricity refers to the sale of electricity to end customers. Since 1 July 2003 several 
commercial suppliers, who compete against each other, have been active on the Flemish supply market. 
A license is required to engage in retail supply. In the Flemish Region, such license can be granted by 
the VREG to individuals or companies that operate independently from the electricity TSO and the DSOs 
and that comply with the criteria laid down by law, such as sufficient technical, organisational and 
financial capacity (amongst other things). 
On 31 December 2021, the top-3 of electricity suppliers in Flanders (measured in the number of 
connections served) is as follows42: 
1.
Engie Electrabel (39.4%) 
2.
Luminus (23.1%) 
3.
Eneco Belgium (11.4%) 
Customers  
At this moment, all Belgian customers are eligible to choose their electricity supplier (“right of 
third-party access”).  
40  A third type of customers are those retail users that because of payment problems have been dropped by commercial suppliers of electricity. 
Flemish regulation provides that the DSOs have in such instance an obligation to supply these customers with electricity as a supplier of last 
resort (a social public service obligation).  
41  Elia Transmission Belgium has been appointed as local electricity TSO for that purpose. 
42  Source: CREG.

--- Page 134 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
134 
Regulators in Belgium  
Due to the Belgian federal structure, there are currently four regulators for the electricity market:  
Federal level. The federal energy regulator, the CREG, is competent, amongst other things, for 
supervising the electricity market, including transmission at a voltage level above 70 kV and for advising 
on the licencing of electricity generation facilities with a capacity higher than 25 MW (other than nuclear 
and offshore production units). Tariff setting for the electricity TSO is also within the scope of the 
CREG’s authority, irrespective of the voltage level of the electricity network.  
Regional level. Regional regulators are competent, amongst other things, for supervising the electricity 
market operations, including distribution and local transmission at a voltage equal to or below 70 kV 
and for renewable sources of energy. The powers relating to the grid distribution tariffs (but not local 
transmission tariffs) in Belgium have been transferred from the federal level to the respective regions as 
agreed pursuant to the Belgian Sixth State Reform as from 1 July 2014. From that date onwards, the 
VREG is vested with the powers to establish the tariff methodology and the approval of the proposals 
of the tariffs submitted by the DSOs.  
The regional regulators in the Flemish, Walloon and Brussels-Capital Regions are respectively the 
VREG, CWaPE43 and Brugel44.  
3.3
Organisation of the Belgian Gas Market  
Import  
Belgium does not possess gas fields on its own territory. Apart from small shares of biogas produced 
and injected into the distribution grid, almost all gas for consumption in Belgium has to be imported 
from abroad in the form of natural gas (including LNG). An optimal sourcing and diversification of gas 
supplying countries is therefore an essential objective in Belgium’s energy policy.  
Currently, natural gas for the Belgian market is being imported from several sources (figures for 202045): 
1.
The Netherlands (43%): the Dutch gas fields deliver low and high-calorific gas to Belgium via 
pipelines; 
2.
Norway (33%): Norway is an important gas producer thanks to its oil and gas fields in the North 
Sea. Norwegian gas is delivered at the Zeebrugge hub;
3.
LNG (10%): LNG is being imported from countries such as Qatar;
4.
Germany (7%);
5.
storage (7%): gas is stored at the Loenhout facility in the north of Belgium, close to the Dutch 
border. 
Wholesale  
Players on the wholesale market (e.g. importers, traders, shippers and intermediaries) buy gas abroad or 
on the international spot market. They then sell on these volumes to industrial customers, (other) 
intermediaries, distribution companies and electricity producers. Since gas retail supply, very much like 
43  Commission Wallonne pour l’Energie. 
44 Reguleringscommissie voor Energie in het Brussels Hoofdstedelijk Gewest / Commission de Régulation pour l’Energie en Région de Bruxelles-
Capitale. 
45  Source: CREG Annual Report 2020, page 66.

--- Page 135 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
135 
electricity retail supply, is an activity for which a license is required, traders most often do not directly 
sell gas to end consumers.  
Transport System Operation  
Transport system operation refers to the regulated activity related to the high-pressure gas networks and 
the energy flows on these networks. The main users of these networks are the electricity producers, 
wholesale gas suppliers, gas traders, the DSOs and large industrial users of gas.  
In Belgium, Fluxys Belgium was appointed by the federal energy regulator CREG as the sole federal 
transport system operator for the gas transmission grid, as well as for the storage capacity on 
27 September 2012. The gas transport system operator is frequently referred to as the “transport 
company”. 
Fluxys LNG is responsible for operating the LNG infrastructure. 
Transport system operators (“gas TSOs”, and together with electricity TSOs, “TSOs”), such as Fluxys 
Belgium, operate their networks independently from electricity producers and gas suppliers and are 
bound to organise the access to their gas grid in an objective, non-discriminatory and transparent way. 
Transport operations are regulated activities that are usually granted a legal monopoly within a larger 
geographical area. To fulfil this objective efficiently, gas TSOs are in charge of the operation, 
maintenance and development of their network and also provide the necessary ancillary services such as 
pressure reduction, odorisation, balancing, storage facilities, etc.  
The gas TSO is not only responsible for the off-take and redelivery of gas within Belgium for Belgian 
consumption, it also fulfils a crucial role in the transit of gas to and from neighbouring countries since 
redelivery points will often be connection points with the gas transportation networks of other national 
networks. This is especially true for Belgium, given its good connection to gas and LNG supplies and 
also given its central position and multiple entry points linking the Belgian gas transportation grid to the 
grids in France, the UK, Germany, Southern Europe and the Netherlands.  
It must be noted that the Belgian grid caters for two different types of gas: (1) high calorific gas and (2) 
low calorific gas which is being imported from the Netherlands. The Dutch authorities have, however, 
announced that low calorific gas deliveries to markets outside the Netherlands (including the Belgian 
market) will be gradually phased out starting in 2024 and entirely stopped by the year 2030 at the latest. 
These policy measures thus necessitate large investments for the Belgian gas sector, mostly to be carried 
out by the DSOs, to finance and implement the transformation of the low calorific gas networks in large 
parts of the Flemish Region. The parts of the Flemish gas distribution grids carrying low calorific gas 
and thus affected by the Dutch decision, are mostly situated in the provinces of Antwerp and Flemish-
Brabant46. 
Distribution System Operation  
Distribution system operation refers to the public distribution of gas on mid-pressure and low-pressure 
networks towards the end consumers (industry, small and mid-scale companies, households). The 
operator of such networks is usually called a distribution system operator or DSO.  
A DSO operates, maintains and develops its own mid- and low-pressure network. As is the case for the 
gas TSO, DSOs are obliged to allow objective, non-discriminatory and transparent access to their 
46  Other major areas affected in Belgium are the Brussel Capital Region and the province of Walloon-Brabant.

--- Page 136 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
136 
networks to distribution network users. The operation of a distribution network is a regulated activity 
that is granted a legal monopoly within the boundaries of the operating territory attributed to each DSO.  
As indicated above, all appointed gas DSOs in Belgium are intermunicipal companies (more specifically, 
mission entrusted associations – see above) charged with certain activities of municipal interest.  
Currently, Belgium has 12 gas distribution DSOs, of which nine are situated in the Flemish Region (these 
being the Guarantors with energy distribution activities), one in the Brussels Capital Region and two in 
the Walloon Region. 
With a view to ensuring the independence of the DSOs in the gas sector, the participation of producers 
and suppliers in the DSOs’ share capital or contributions (as applicable) is limited by law. In the Flemish 
Region, importers, producers, suppliers and energy service providers may not hold more than 30 per 
cent of a DSO’s (and its operating company’s) share capital or contributions (as applicable).  
Retail Supply  
The retail supply of gas refers to the sale of gas to end consumers. Since 1 July 2003, the retail supply 
to household consumers in the Flemish Region is being coordinated and managed by several commercial 
suppliers competing in a liberalised market. In all three regions of Belgium (i.e., Flanders, Wallonia and 
Brussels) a license is required to engage in the retail supply of gas. The relevant authority (in the case of 
Flanders this is the VREG) will only grant such a license to individuals or companies that comply with 
certain criteria, e.g. relating to technical, organisational and financial capabilities (amongst other things).  
Currently, all Belgian customers are eligible to choose their own gas supplier (“right of third-party 
access”).  
On 31 December 2021, the top-3 of gas suppliers in Flanders (measured in number of connections 
served) is as follows: 
1.
Engie Electrabel (37.4%) 
2.
Luminus (22.1%) 
3.
Eneco Belgium (12.2%) 
Belgian Regulators  
Very much in line with the competencies of the respective regulators for electricity, the federal regulator 
CREG, together with the three regional regulators (VREG, CWaPE and Brugel), is responsible for 
monitoring and surveying the Belgian gas market, each within the competencies attributed to it by law. 
Similar to the developments in the electricity sector, the Belgian Sixth State Reform has resulted in the 
transfer of the gas distribution grid tariff-setting competence from the federal to the regional level as 
from July 2014. From that date onwards, the VREG is vested with the powers to establish the tariff 
methodology and the approval of the proposals of the tariffs submitted by the Flemish DSOs.  
Basic Figures for the Gas Market47
Total gas consumption in Belgium amounted to 190.7 TWh in 202048, down 1% compared to 2019. The 
total number of gas connections in Belgium (2020) was 3,489,845, showing a year-on-year growth rate 
of 1%. 
47  Source: Febeg. 
48  Source: CREG.

--- Page 137 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
137 
3.4
Organisation of the Flemish sewerage market
The Flemish sewerage market is based on the principle that the municipalities are responsible for the 
public domain and that they are as such also responsible for the wastewater that is being transported over 
the public domain for treatment.  
The Flemish policy on water and wastewater is built around the concept of the ‘water chain’, being all 
activities related to production, transport and distribution of water for human consumption, as well as 
the collection, transport and treatment of wastewater. 
Geographical overview and statistics49
Currently, there are seven drinking water companies in the Flemish Region as shown on the map below. 
Between them they manage approximately 63,655 km of drinking water pipelines at the end of 2020. 
Drinking water consumption by 3 million customers amounted to 296 million m³. 
Drinking water companies in the Flanders Region (situation as at January 2020) 
The aggregate sewerage systems in Flanders cover approximately 29,633 km of sewerage pipelines at 
the end of 2020.  
The map below50 presents the 2021 situation of the sewerage operators within the Flemish Region. The 
municipalities indicated in white, are operating their own sewerage system independently. 
49  Sources: the websites of AquaFlanders (www.aquaflanders.be) and VMM (www.vmm.be). Information contained on these websites does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
50  Source: VMM website at www.vmm.be. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 138 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
138 
Sewerage operators in the Flanders Region (situation as at June 2021) 
Legal framework  
European Directives  
The sector of water/wastewater is to a large extent driven by European legislation. The most 
important documents in this respect are the European Water Framework Directive 51  (the 
“Framework Directive”) and the Directive Urban Wastewater52 (the “Wastewater Directive”). 
These Directives aim at securing the water resources and water quality in Europe. These two 
Directives have the largest impact on Flemish municipalities as to their policy on drinking water 
and wastewater.  
The Framework Directive imposes that all aquatic ecosystems and, with regard to their water 
needs, terrestrial ecosystems and wetlands meet “good status” by the year 2015. In line with the 
possibility to obtain postponement when improvements cannot be realised in a reasonable manner 
within the timeframe provided in the Framework Directive, Belgium has obtained a 
postponement until 2027. The Framework Directive requires Member States to use water 
sparingly and to establish river basin districts and for each of these a river basin management 
plan. It envisages a cyclical process where river basin management plans are prepared, 
implemented and reviewed every six years. There are four distinct elements to the river basin 
planning cycle:  

characterisation and assessment of impacts on river basin districts; 

environmental monitoring; 

the setting of environmental objectives; 

and the design and implementation of the programme of measures needed to achieve them.  
51  Directive 2000/60/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 October 2000 establishing a framework for Community action in 
the field of water policy (published in the Official Journal of the European Communities of 22 December 2000). 
52  European Council Directive 91/271/EEC of 21 May 1991 concerning urban waste-water treatment (published in the Official Journal of the 
European Communities of 30 May 1991).

--- Page 139 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
139 
As such, the Framework Directive aims to significantly contribute to climate adaptation in the 
European Union53.  
The second important Directive in the area of water and wastewater is the Wastewater Directive. 
Its objective is to protect the environment from the adverse effects of urban wastewater discharges 
and discharges from certain industrial sectors. It concerns the collection, treatment and discharge 
of:  

domestic wastewater; 

mixture of wastewater; and 

wastewater from certain industrial sectors.  
Four main principles are laid down in the Wastewater Directive:  

planning; 

regulation; 

monitoring; and 

information & reporting.  
More specifically, the Wastewater Directive requires:  

the collection and treatment of wastewater in all agglomerations of > 2,000 population 
equivalents; 

secondary treatment of all discharges from agglomerations of > 2,000 population 
equivalents and more advanced treatment for agglomerations > 10,000 population 
equivalents in designated sensitive areas and their catchments; 

pre-authorisation of all discharges of urban wastewater, of discharges from the food 
processing industry and of industrial discharges into urban wastewater collection systems; 

monitoring of the performance of treatment plants and receiving waters; and 

controls of sewerage sludge disposal and re-use, and treated wastewater re-use whenever 
appropriate.  
Implementation in the Flemish Region  
The basic legislation ruling the water policies in general and the sewerage activity54 in the 
Flemish Region in particular is the Coordinated Flemish Decree of 15 June 2018 on the integral 
water policy, as amended55 (the “Water Decree”). Pursuant to the Special Law of 8 August 1980 
on Institutional Reforms, the regions have a wide-ranging competence concerning the 
environment and water policy. This also includes the treatment of wastewater and sewerage, the 
subsidies and regulation of the tariffs.  
53  It should be pointed out that the purposes of the Directive, although being older, are fully in line with the United Nations’ Social Development 
Goals (the “SDGs”), especially the SDGs 6 (clean water and sanitation), 13 (climate action), 14 (life below water) and 16 (life on land). 
54  By definition, open waterways (such as ditches and brooks) are not considered to be part of the Flemish sewerage system. A sewer is defined 
as a closed tubing system. 
55 The Water Decree is the codification of, among others, the former Decree of 24 May 2002 on water used for human consumption (which was 
amended several times). This codification was ratified by Decree of 30 November 2018.

--- Page 140 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
140 
For the Flemish Region, the Wastewater Directive is mainly implemented through an Executive 
Order of the Flemish Government, dated 1 June 1995 (published on 31 July 1995), concerning 
general and sectoral provisions relating to environmental safety (also called “Vlarem II”). The 
Framework Directive was implemented by the Decree on Integrated Water Policy of 18 July 2003 
(published on 14 November 2003, and now replaced by the Water Decree).  
In October 2010, the Flemish Government fixed the river basin management plans for the river 
Scheldt and the river Meuse basins and the accompanying measures programme for Flanders. 
This programme sets out how the objectives of the Framework Directive and the Decree on 
Integrated Water Policy (now replaced by the Water Decree) can be realised. It also contains 
measures to improve the surface water quality, to reduce flooding and to purify contaminated 
sediments. Further implementation was given by an Executive Order of the Flemish Government 
of 8 April 2011 (published on 10 June 2011) which concerned the rights and obligations of the 
operators of a public water distribution network and their customers regarding the supply of water 
designed for human consumption, the execution of the obligation of remediation and the general 
water sales regulation.  
As to the possibility of receiving a subsidy for the construction of public sewers, there is the 
Executive Order of the Flemish Government of 5 May 2017 (published on 6 June 2017) 
concerning the subsidisation of works mentioned in Article 2.6.1.3.1, §1 of the Decree of 
18 July 2003 concerning the Integral Water Policy, coordinated on 15 June 2018 in the Water 
Decree. 
Finally, the zoning Executive Order of 10 March 2006 of the Flemish Government (published on 
9 June 2006) had as its objective the determination of a zoning plan for each municipality. In 
September 2006, the Flemish Environment Agency (Vlaamse Milieumaatschappij, “VMM”) 
started with the transmission of a draft zoning plan to all Flemish municipalities. These plans 
went through an approval procedure in which both the municipalities, the basin authorities and 
the citizens could express their views. This resulted in a final zoning plan for each municipality 
which consists of four different zones:  

the central area with pre-existing connection to a water treatment plan (orange shaded); 

the optimised outlying area with recent connection to a water treatment plant (green 
shaded); 

the outlying area which is still to optimise collectively, this is the area where the 
connection will be realised (dark green shaded); and 

the outlying area which is still to optimise individually, where the wastewater will have to 
be purified individually by means of an IBA (individual sewerage treatment) (red shaded).  
In order to put the zoning plan into practice, the Flemish Environment Agency in cooperation 
with the municipality will set up an area-covering implementation plan. Such an implementation 
plan contains the projects to be carried out, the order of execution (priority), the final completion 
date, the acquisition points and the exceptions to the principles of optimal disconnection. In 
addition, the implementation plan is a binding plan. The format of an implementation plan will 
therefore include the following steps:  

the layout of a project basket: demonstrating the reusability of the existing sewer system, 
the definition of projects and the determination of the acquisition points; 

the application of the methodology for prioritising projects;

--- Page 141 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
141 

the determination of areas where an optimal separated system should be constructed; and 

the adoption of the implementation plan through the Flemish Government.  
The preparation of the project basket is based on the final zoning plan, the sewerage database of 
the Issuer and the information which the municipality passes to the Flemish Environment Agency. 
The projects for the dark green clusters on the zoning plan (outlying area which is still to optimise 
collectively) should be included in the project basket of the implementation plan. Now, the draft 
implementation plans specify which projects should be executed with priority. It is clear, though, 
that a vast part of the project basket has to be implemented before 2027 at the latest.  
Wastewater treatment infrastructure and regulation – Introduction  
The European Union imposed on its Member States to substantially improve the quality of 
groundwater and surface water by 2015. This requires a developed system of wastewater 
collection, transport and treatment. In Flanders, the wastewater infrastructure is structured at two 
levels: the supra-municipal and the municipal level. The municipal or non-priority sewers collect 
the wastewater from the houses, whereas the collectors and priority sewers of the Flemish Region 
collect wastewater at the points of discharge of municipal sewers and transport it to wastewater 
treatment plants, where it is treated in accordance with European and Flemish standards.  
The competent regulator – the Flemish Environment Agency – is the regulator of the wastewater 
sector in the Flemish region. It is responsible for preparing, checking and monitoring the planning 
of the wastewater infrastructure in Flanders (VMM as ecological regulator) and the regulation of 
the tariffs (VMM as economic regulator). By Act of 6 January 2014, the competence with regard 
to price monitoring of the drinking water component of the integral water bill has also been 
transferred to VMM from 1 July 2014 onwards.  
Wastewater infrastructure at the supra-municipal level  
Aquafin NV was established by the Flemish Region in 1990, for the purpose of expanding, 
operating and prefinancing the supra-municipal wastewater collection, transport and treatment 
infrastructure in Flanders. The Flemish Region (through its holding company Vlaamse 
Milieuholding – VMH) is the sole shareholder in Aquafin.  
As at 30 June 2021, Aquafin operated 323 installations for wastewater treatment, 6,808 km of 
ducts and 1,947 supra-municipal pumping stations and storage settlement tanks56.  
Wastewater infrastructure at the municipal level  
Pursuant to the Drinking Water Decree of 24 May 2002 (published on 23 July 2002, and now 
replaced by the Water Decree), the treatment of wastewater at municipal level is a joint 
responsibility of the municipalities on the one hand, and the drinking water companies on the 
other hand. The drinking water companies are responsible for the treatment of the water they 
deliver to their customers. On the other hand, the municipalities can also be considered to have a 
specific responsibility of their own for the treatment of (all) wastewater on their proper territory. 
The drinking water companies can fulfil their obligation by concluding a service agreement with 
the owner/operator of the sewers at municipal level, which can be the municipality itself, a 
municipal or intermunicipal company or an entity which the municipality has appointed after a 
56  Source: www.aquafin.be. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 142 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
142 
public tendering procedure. The municipalities also have a number of ways in which they can 
fulfil their responsibilities, either by: 

taking care of the sewerage network themselves; 

entering into a partnership with the drinking water companies; or 

delegating the development and maintenance of the sewerage network to an 
intermunicipal company or (after a public tendering procedure) to a third party.  
These situations are in principle regulated by a contract between the parties concerned or by the 
accession through the articles of association of the intermunicipal company.  
The current situation (as at the end of 2021) in the Flemish sewerage sector is the following. 
Sewerage activities are being operated by: 
1.
intermunicipal utility companies that are not drinking water companies: 
(a)
Fluvius West 
(b)
Fluvius Antwerpen 
(c)
Fluvius Limburg 
(d)
Riobra 
all of these being Guarantors belonging to the Fluvius Economic Group, with the Issuer 
as their operating company 
2.
intermunicipal companies that also have drinking water activities: 
(a)
Water-link, in collaboration with Aquafin 
(b)
IWVA, operating under the commercial name Aquaduin 
(c)
TMVW, operating under the commercial name Farys 
(d)
Pidpa 
(e)
De Watergroep, in collaboration with Aquafin 
3.
third parties appointed after a market consultation 
(a)
Aquafin 
4.
municipality 
(a)
the autonomous municipal company of Knokke-Heist 
(b)
other municipalities 
Contribution and compensation  
Pursuant to the Drinking Water Decree (now replaced by the Water Decree), the operators of a 
public water distribution network (i.e., the drinking water companies) can charge to their 
customers a “contribution” (“bijdrage”) in order to cover the cost of the water treatment 
obligation imposed on the drinking water companies. This contribution is calculated on the basis 
of the volume of water (measured in m³) supplied by the drinking water company to the customer. 
The operator of a public water distribution network can also charge a “compensation” 
(“vergoeding”) to the users of a private water extraction. This compensation is intended to

--- Page 143 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
143 
contribute to the cost of the treatment of the wastewater coming from the private water extraction, 
as even if a customer gets its (drinking) water from a private water extraction, his wastewater will 
still be discharged via the same sewerage system.  
Both the municipal contribution and the municipal compensation are charged by the drinking 
water company to the end-users of the (municipal) sewerage systems. With the amount of 
contributions and fees they receive, the drinking water companies subsequently pay the 
municipalities or the intermunicipal companies for the sewerage services that are provided to 
them. The calculation of the contribution and compensation to be paid by the users cannot be 
freely determined by the public water companies. The operator of a public water distribution 
system (i.e., the drinking water company) will set the rate of the contribution or compensation in 
terms of the costs it must bear in order to fulfil its remediation obligations (i.e. the amounts due 
to the sewerage operator). However, there is no guarantee that the full cost can always be charged 
to the end-user/consumer, since there are two limitations to the amount of the contribution or 
compensation.  
Firstly, the regulator (being the Flemish Environment Agency) could limit the level of the 
contribution/compensation on the basis of economic, ecological or social reasons. Secondly, the 
Water Decree contains an absolute cap for the contribution/compensation. These tariffs are 
capped at a maximum of 1.4 times the supra-municipal uniform tariff for non-residential and 
large-scale consumers with a non-individualised tariff. There is a base tariff for a maximum 
volume of 30 m³ per household + 30 m³ per inhabitant and a comfort tariff for volumes exceeding 
the base volumes. The 2022 maximum tariffs (in EUR/m³) are57: 

municipal contribution for collecting and transporting wastewater: (1) base: 1.4832; (2) 
comfort: 2.9664 

individual treatment of wastewater: (1) base: 2.5426; (2) comfort: 5.0852 

contribution for wastewater treatment: (1) base: 1.0594; (2) comfort: 2.1188
Residents that cannot be connected to the sewerage system, are responsible for the construction 
and operation of their own individual wastewater treatment system. In return, they can be 
exempted from the municipal and supra-municipal contribution or compensation. However, it is 
also possible for the sewerage system operators to collectivise the individual remediation 
obligation. As a result, the resident will have to pay an individual remediation contribution or 
compensation, just as the residents connected to the collective sewerage system have to pay a 
collective remediation contribution or compensation. The sewerage system operators within the 
Fluvius Economic Group have all decided to collectivise the individual remediation obligation. 
The costs are recovered through the drinking water companies. To this end, addenda to the 
agreements have been concluded between the system operators for sewerage and the drinking 
water companies. This implies that these operators, if they are the ones who placed the 
individuation remediation infrastructure, collect both the supra-municipal (at factor 1) and the 
municipal (at the abovementioned factor 1.4) contributions or compensations (i.e. a factor 2.4, 
covering sewerage and remediation). For the residents concerned, this does not make a difference, 
however, as these will not have to pay any intermunicipal contribution or compensation on top 
of the amount (at factor 2.4) owed to Fluvius for both services. 
57  Source: VMM website at www.vmm.be. Information on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 144 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
144 
Future developments  
The Flemish wastewater sector is faced with the need for substantial investments in both the 
expanding and upgrading the sewerage system in order to meet the European clean water 
objectives by 2027. The map below58 gives an indication of the current degree of connectivity to 
the sewerage system for wastewater (situation in January 2022): 
For the relevant Guarantors, the average sewerage degree (situation as at end December 2021) is 
as follows: 

Fluvius Antwerpen: 82.55%  

Fluvius Limburg: 91.81% 

Fluvius West: 79.64% 

Riobra: 77.05% 
aggregate for the four Guarantors: 85,66%. 
Separated sewers for rainwater and wastewater 
Pursuant to the Decree on Integrated Water Policy (now replaced by the Water Decree), the 
Flemish Region has undertaken to organise the management of the rainwater and surface water 
in such a way that the rainwater is separated from the wastewater (‘separated sewers’). All new 
extensions of the sewerage system consist of separated sewers. The implementation plans 
(implementing the zoning plan) will define the areas where the existing sewers should be replaced 
by separated sewers. Furthermore, the obligation to separate rainwater and wastewater is also 
applicable at the level of individual houses. For new buildings, the obligation to separate 
rainwater and wastewater is a requirement in the framework of obtaining building permits. For 
58 Source: VMM website.

--- Page 145 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
145 
existing buildings, the Issuer and the relevant Guarantors should inform the house owners about 
their obligations, concerning rainwater and wastewater. In order to do so, detailed plans of every 
house are drafted by the Issuer and delivered to the owners of the houses. The Executive Order 
of the Flemish Government of 5 July 2013 (published on 8 October 2013) establishing a regional 
planning regulation concerning rain drains, infiltration, buffering systems and separate discharge 
of wastewater and rainwater tightened the already existing obligations at the Flemish level. It 
entered into force on 1 January 2014. In summary, it has the following core elements:  

any new construction of surfacing (“verharding”) larger than 40 m² will have to comply 
with this Resolution; 

general compulsory installation of an infiltration facility (with the exception for parcels 
with a surface of less than 250 m²);

new buildings and homes larger than 100 m² must have a rainwater tank with a capacity 
of at least 5,000 litres; 

for new subdivisions, collective infiltration facilities will be required.  
Financing model  
VMM provided the Flemish municipalities updated financing standards in order to gain a clear 
insight into the financial challenges they are facing with regard to sewerage. The model used is 
based on the available revenues and the required investments for the zoning plans and execution 
plans for the whole of Flanders. Several scenarios have been elaborated. In this way, VMM has 
indicated that the Issuer’s sewerage municipalities, in order to reach the reduction objectives and 
the level of ambition set by VMM, will have to invest as follows:  
Fluvius 
(aggregate in EUR) 
2021-2027 
2021-2027 
(average amount per year) 
Replacement investments 
129,058,588 
18,436,941 
Expansion investments 
1,053,384,603 
150,483,515 
TOTAL 
1,182,443,191 
168,920,456 
Thousand EUR 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
2026 
TOTAL 
Average/yr 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
2,590 
2,964 
3,356 
3,354 
3,353 
15,617 
3,123 
Fluvius Limburg 
53,224 
60,866 
68,851 
68,823 
68,817 
320,581 
64,116 
Fluvius West 
21,292 
24,423 
27,667 
27,648 
27,637 
128,667 
25,733 
Riobra 
11,846 
25,903 
229,856 
33,936 
33,824 
135,365 
27,073 
TOTAL 
88,952 
114,156 
129,730 
133,761 
133,631 
600,230 
120,046 
The current investment standards provide that no expansion investments are to be carried out 
without subsidies by the Flemish Government (maximum 75%) or, in the absence thereof, by the 
relevant municipalities. However, the Issuer’s current investment standards, the current subsidy 
policy and rationalisation grants are clearly insufficient to maintain the rate presumed by VMM. 
In addition, the need for replacement investments for the maintenance of the existing sewerage 
network should also be taken into account. From the preceding numbers – which are similar for 
the whole of Flanders – it is clear that the sewerage sector in Flanders (including the Issuer and

--- Page 146 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
146 
the relevant Guarantors) experiences structural financing problems, which may also impact the 
financing of the Fluvius Economic Group as a whole. Therefore, the Issuer is currently working 
on a detailed financial plan containing various scenarios in order to remedy this structural 
problem, such as e.g. a reduction of investment needs (alternative sewerage, maintaining mixed 
sewerage systems and spreading out over time), or the creation of additional income 
(maximisation of rationalisation grants, alternative income, evolution of subsidies etc.). The 
ultimate solution will of course depend on the policy decisions taken in this regard by the Flemish 
Government and the participating municipalities. From 1 January 2016 onwards, the tariff 
structure is based on a fixed tariff plus a variable base tariff plus a variable comfort tariff 
applicable to higher consumption volumes. The Flemish Government expressed the intention that 
there will be more certainty about the flow of revenues so that the financing of the public water 
supply will be less vulnerable to possible decreases in water consumption in the future. 
Furthermore, the Flemish Government clearly stated that it will support the cities, municipalities 
and sewerage system operators in the construction, the repair or maintenance of the sewerage 
systems. Pending a more structural solution, the Issuer maximally opts for an efficient spending 
of scarce funds. At the same time, the financial plan is used to guard over the means to finance 
the intended short-term investments, whereby absolute priority is given to urgent replacement 
investments and subsidised projects.  
Subsidies  
Sewerage infrastructure owners have the possibility to apply for regional sewerage subsidies. Typically, 
since 2017, new sewerage projects can obtain a 75% regional subsidy. In many cases road works will 
also have to be carried out, but these latter costs are not covered by the subsidy mechanism and are 
generally borne by the municipalities. 
Sewerage network of the Fluvius Economic Group  
The Issuer is the largest individual player in the field of sewerage system management in Flanders with 
approx. 29% of the Flemish municipalities covered. It is operational in 8659 municipalities. Fluvius West, 
Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg and Riobra are its four system operators for sewerage. 
Fluvius West  
Fluvius West has taken over the responsibilities and obligations of the municipalities which 
have joined Fluvius West with respect to their sewerage activities. The municipalities 
participating in Fluvius West for the sewerage activity have contributed the following rights 
and assets in exchange for shares in the intermunicipality:  

full ownership (infrastructure, etc.) and the necessary rights required for the 
management of wastewater and rain water; 

the rights of the municipalities with regard to private property; and 

the rights of the municipalities to control the management of wastewater and rain water 
on their territories.  
59 Pittem joined Fluvius West on 1 January 2020 and Lennik joined Riobra on 1 January 2021.

--- Page 147 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
147 
Fluvius Limburg 
Fluvius Limburg has taken over the responsibilities and obligations of the municipalities which 
have joined Fluvius Limburg with respect to their sewerage activities.  
The municipalities participating in Fluvius Limburg for the sewerage activity have contributed 
the following rights and assets in exchange for shares in the intermunicipality:  

full ownership (infrastructure, etc.) and the necessary rights required for the 
management of wastewater and rain water; 

the rights of the municipalities with regard to private property; and 

the rights of the municipalities to control the management of wastewater and rain water 
on their territories.  
Fluvius Antwerpen 
Fluvius Antwerpen has taken over the responsibilities and obligations of the municipalities 
which had joined Iveg with respect to their sewerage activities. The municipalities have the 
choice whether or not to contribute full ownership of infrastructure etc. to Fluvius Antwerpen. 
It must in any event contribute the usage rights. Consequently, the participating municipalities 
for the sewerage activity contribute the following rights and assets in exchange for shares in 
the intermunicipality:  

the necessary rights required for the management of wastewater and rain water; 

the rights of the municipalities with regard to private property; and 

the rights of the municipalities to control the management of wastewater and rain water 
on their territories.  
Riobra  
Riobra has taken over the responsibilities and obligations of the municipalities which have 
joined Riobra with respect to their sewerage activities. The municipalities have contributed the 
full ownership of all assets appropriate for the activity of Riobra in exchange for shares in 
Riobra. The sewerage activities of each municipality are transferred to Riobra by means of a 
complete transfer of competence. Furthermore, the municipalities freely contributed into 
Riobra  

the exclusive rights on all pipes, sewers, buildings, installations and equipment required 
for the management of wastewater and rain water;

the rights which the municipality disposes of concerning private property; and  

the rights which the municipality disposes of in order to ensure the activity of sewerage.  
3.5
Organisation of the Flemish cable television (CATV) market
The cable network activities of the Issuer and the relevant Guarantors are limited to the grid-related 
activities (grid extension, connections to the grid, grid maintenance etc.). The commercial and 
content - related CATV activities, however, have been transferred to Telenet NV following the 2008 
Telenet Agreement as set out below. The relevant grid is owned by those Guarantors with CATV-
activities (being Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West and PBE).

--- Page 148 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
148 
The current commercial market for CATV services in Flanders is split up between a number of service 
providers, the most prominent ones being Proximus and Telenet. These (and other) providers offer 
television, internet and telephony services to the customers.  
3.6
Other activities of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
3.6.1
Public lighting 
The responsibilities for public lighting in Flanders are split between the Region (for roads and 
the public domain belonging to the federal authorities) and the municipalities (for roads and the 
public domain owned by the municipalities). The Issuer and the Guarantors are only involved in 
public lighting at the municipal level. Public lighting operations are a historic public service 
obligation for the DSOs (article 4.1.22 of the Energy Decree). 
The majority of the Flemish municipalities (267 out of a total of 300) have decided to contribute 
their public lighting infrastructure (mainly the poles, fittings and lamps used for public lighting 
purposes) into their electricity DSO in exchange for an amount in cash and shares of the DSO. 
By concentrating their assets for public lighting within the DSO, the roll-out of the investment 
programme to switch the entire municipal public lighting in Flanders, i.e., approximately 1.2 
million lighting points, to energy-efficient LED technology by the year 2030 is facilitated and 
can be executed in the most efficient way from an operational and financial point of view. It 
should be noted that, by decision of the Flemish Government, the public service obligation of 
operating the municipal public lighting was eliminated as from 1 January 2022 onwards. To take 
this into account, the allowed income for electricity in the year 2022 is expected to be reduced by 
EUR 5.9 million. For the period 2022-2027, an aggregated budget of EUR 371.1 million is 
provided by the Fluvius Economic Group for public lighting investments. 
3.6.2
Financial participations 
Certain Guarantors hold substantial financial participations in certain holdings (directly or 
indirectly) controlling the Belgian TSOs Elia Transmission Belgium SA/NV (electricity) and 
Fluxys Belgium (gas).  
Publi-T 
Publi-T is the controlling shareholder of Elia Group NV/SA (“Elia Group”). Elia Group is the 
sole shareholder of Elia Transmission Belgium NV/SA, which has been licensed as Belgium’s 
electricity TSO.  
Publi-T is organised as a cooperative company under Belgian law. It owns 44.82% of Elia Group’s 
shares with the other shares divided over Publipart (3.32%) and free float (51.86%). 
The following Guarantors directly hold shares in Publi-T (figures as at 31 December 2021): 

Fluvius Antwerpen: 5.27% 

Fluvius Limburg: 9.34% 

Fluvius West: 2.81% 

Gaselwest: 8.05% 

Imewo: 9.01% 

Intergem: 4.29%

--- Page 149 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
149 

Iveka: 0.07% 

Iverlek: 7.27% 

PBE: 1.93% 
aggregate for the above Guarantors: 48.03%. 
The Guarantors’ total book value of their Publi-T participations is EUR 328.74 million (according 
to Belgian GAAP) as at 31 December 2021 (compared to the same amount as at 31 December 
2020). In 2021, they received a total dividend of EUR 22.06 million. Its market value (calculated 
applying IFRS), however, is estimated at EUR 1,702.40 million based on the share price60 of Elia 
(EUR 115.70) as of 31 December 2021.61
Publigas 
Publigas is the controlling shareholder of Fluxys. Publigas is organised as a cooperative company 
under Belgian law. It owns 77.49% of the Fluxys shares with the other shares divided over the 
Canadian pension fund CDPQ62 (19.87%), the federal investment entity FPIM63 (2.13%) and the 
Fluxys employees (0.51%). 
The following Guarantors directly hold shares in Publigas (figures as at 31 December 2021): 

Fluvius Antwerpen: 6.59% 

Gaselwest: 6.84% 

Imewo: 7.13% 

Intergem: 3.06% 

Iverlek: 6.74% 
aggregate for the above Guarantors: 30.36%. 
The Guarantors’ total book value of their Publigas participations is EUR 74.49 million (according 
to Belgian GAAP) as at 31 December 2021 (which was the same (according to Belgian GAAP) 
as at 31 December 2020). In 2021, the relevant Guarantors received a total Publigas dividend of 
EUR 31.61 million. 
3.6.3
District heating  
Networks for district heating are gaining more and more traction over the last few years. Such 
grids distribute heat generated in a heating source to consumers. These grids can deliver heat to 
residential customers, office buildings, industrial customers or a mix. District heating offers 
enhanced energy-efficiency, since the technology often uses residual heat, which would otherwise 
be lost, for heating purposes or for industrial processes. 
In the Flemish Region, the Energy Decree64 defines district heating networks. At the date of this 
Base Prospectus, district heating falls outside the scope of regulation by the energy regulator 
60  Elia’s shares are listed on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange (ticker: ELI). 
61 This does not include the value of the shares of Elia held by Intergem. 
62  CDPQ = Caisse de Dépôt et Placement du Québec. 
63  FPIM = Federale Participatie- en Investeringsmaatschappij (in French: Société Fédérale de Participations et d’Investissement). 
64  The Decree also defines cooling networks.

--- Page 150 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
150 
VREG (or any other regulating body). Nevertheless, the VREG is charged by the Flemish 
legislator with (1) the duty to inform the market on district heating, (2) an advisory role in this 
respect and (3) a supervisory role on the service quality delivered by heat suppliers. The VREG 
is also competent for establishing a Technical Regulation for district heating. And, finally, the 
VREG can act as an arbitrator in market disputes in which heating network operators are 
involved. 
As at 5 October 2021, Fluvius System Operator was involved in the following district heating 
projects as grid operator and/or heat supplier65: 
Project 
Location 
Fluvius = 
grid 
operator 
Fluvius = 
heat 
supplier 
Type 
Blue Gate
Antwerp
x
x
other 
Nieuw Zuid 
Antwerp 
x 
x 
mixed 
De Ark 
Dessel 
x 
x 
residential <100 
Hof ter Bloemmolens 
Diksmuide 
x 
x 
residential >100 
Sint-Idesbald 
Roeselare 
x 
x 
SME 
Brouwerijdomein 
Gistel 
x 
residential <100 
Roobaertpark 
Roeselare 
x 
x 
residential <100 
Guido Gezellestraat 
Mol 
x 
x 
residential <100 
Rodekruislaan 
Mol 
x 
x 
mixed 
Goudwinde 1/2 
Harelbeke 
x 
residential >100 
Goudwinde 3/4 
Harelbeke 
x 
residential >100 
De Kluis 
Hoogstraten 
x 
x 
SME 
Kuurne/Harelbeke 
Kuurne/Harelbeke 
x 
x 
residential >100 
Balk Van Beel – Ark 
- Twist 
Leuven 
x 
residential >100 
Balmatt site (VITO) 
Mol 
x 
other 
Niefhout 
Turnhout 
x 
residential >100 
Suikerpark (phase 1) 
Veurne 
x 
residential <100 
Legend: 

Residential <100: heat delivered to less than 100 residential consumers  

Residential > 100: heat delivered to more than 100 residential consumers 

SME: heat delivered to small and medium-sized enterprises only 

Other: heat delivered to other consumers (school, hospital, industrial building…) 

Mixed: heat delivered to a mixture of the above categories, e.g. a school in combination 
with residential consumers 
Although the number of district heating grids in Flanders (76 as reported by the VREG) is still 
relatively limited, this segment is developing rapidly. For the period 2022-2027, an aggregated 
budget of EUR 75.0 million is provided by the Fluvius Economic Group for the development of 
district heating grid projects.  
65  Source: VREG District Heating Grid Report, dated 5 October 2021, https://www.vreg.be/sites/default/files/document/rapp-2021-20.pdf. 
Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 151 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
151 
4
Regulatory and contractual framework applicable to the Guarantors 
4.1
Regulatory framework for the Flemish energy DSOs (electricity and gas) 
4.1.1
Natural monopoly and regulation  
A DSO’s activity of energy distribution within its operating area is considered to be a “natural 
monopoly” activity. This concept implies that, on a specific market segment, one single company 
can produce a desired output at a lower social cost than two or more companies placed in 
competition are able to, because of both high fixed costs and economies of scale. On the other 
hand, a monopolist could in theory show undesired behaviour, such as excessive pricing for its 
end consumers, or inefficiency in its operations and an underdeveloped productivity.  
This monopoly market position for the DSOs is also acknowledged in the Flemish Region where 
the operation of a distribution network is a regulated activity that is granted a legal monopoly 
within the boundaries of the operating territory attributed to each DSO.  
For their distribution services, DSOs charge a fee (also called “tariff”) to the energy suppliers. 
The fee charged by the DSOs is called a distribution grid fee. The suppliers include this grid fee 
into the end consumers’ energy bill. The energy consumption bill that goes out to the end 
consumers thus includes not only the energy that was used (and a profit margin), but also the fees 
that were invoiced by the TSO and the DSO for the transport and distribution of electricity and 
gas. Nonetheless, within the Flemish regulatory system the DSO directly invoices one-off costs 
for the connection to the distribution grid to the end customer. Within this regulatory framework, 
established by the Flemish legislator, the VREG sets or approves the level of tariffs and/or the 
profits that DSOs are allowed to make and the regulator permanently verifies the professional 
and managerial reliability of a DSO and its operating company. The DSO grid fee is regulated, 
which means that the distribution grid fee has to be submitted for prior approval (i.e. before it is 
being actually charged) to the energy regulator.  
The tariffs of this distribution grid fee are based on a “cost-oriented” system, and are fixed 
following a proposal for each individual DSO and for each of electricity and gas distribution 
separately. In practice, this means that there are differences between the tariffs charged by each 
DSO, dependent on the level of its operational costs.  
The regulatory framework consists of multi-annual tariffs, set on the basis of a tariff methodology 
that is fixed for a certain tariff period. During a specific tariff period tariffs can in principle only 
change in clearly defined circumstances and according to a pre-established formula. Currently, a 
tariff period lasts four years. 
The tariff methodology set by the VREG applies to the DSOs for gas and electricity that operate 
within the Flemish Region.  
The VREG’s tariff methodology is built upon an “ex ante revenue cap model” in which a cap 
determines the maximum revenue a DSO can collect from the grid users, with the exclusion of 
so-called “exogenous” costs that are beyond the DSO’s control. In addition, the tariff 
methodology caters for an adequate compensation for a DSO’s volume risk (i.e. the risk that the 
actual income derived from the grid fees deviates from the expected income due to a difference 
between actual and expected off-take and injection volumes from the grid users). The latter 
volume risk compensation is foreseen both on the level of exogenous and endogenous costs.  
The cap formula allows for the allowed revenues to be updated annually based on the consumer 
price index as published by the Federal Public Service for the Economy (in Dutch: “Federale

--- Page 152 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
152 
Overheidsdienst Economie”) based on the forecasts by the Federal Planning Agency (in Dutch: 
“Federaal Planbureau”). The VREG defends the revenue cap model on the grounds that it 
incentivises cost efficiencies at the DSOs and that it best remedies the regulator’s information 
handicap 66 . From an investor’s point of view, the most important criterion of the tariff 
methodology is the amount and the stability of the “allowed income”.  
The tariff methodology establishes the distribution grid fee which is the main source of revenue 
for the DSOs. The purpose is to sufficiently remunerate the DSOs, which should enable them to 
carry out the duties imposed on them, to build and maintain future-proof grids and to realise a 
fair remuneration for their shareholders as a return on the capital they invested. The VREG also 
pointed out that it wishes to take into account the regulatory risk and the potential impact thereof 
on financiers. Therefore, the tariff methodology should be transparent and – to the extent possible 
– stable and predictable. Any arbitrary and discriminatory action by the regulator with an impact 
on distribution tariffs must be ruled out. A situation in which there is an exaggerated focus on 
temporary effects violating the tariff methodology’s stability, effectivity and credibility should at 
all times be avoided. 
Tariffs are public, they are applied for the whole of the territory of each DSO and they are not 
subject to negotiation with customers. The currently applicable tariffs can be consulted on the 
VREG’s website67 and on the Issuer’s website68. 
The grid tariff structure is based on the cascade principle: end-users pay for the costs of the grid 
level to which they are connected and the costs of all higher grid levels proportionally to the use 
of these grid levels. In the electricity market this cascade principle is fully implemented as the 
DSOs pay the TSO for the use of the transmission grid. The transmission tariffs of Elia 
Transmission Belgium, the Belgian electricity TSO, are hence included in the electricity 
distribution tariffs of the DSOs which the latter charge to the suppliers (who eventually charge 
them on to their customers). This is conversely not the case on the gas market where the gas TSO 
Fluxys Belgium invoices the suppliers directly without the DSOs being involved.  
As mentioned above, distribution grid tariffs are regulated, which means that the distribution grid 
fees are (i) based on a tariff methodology established by the regulator in principle for the entire 
regulatory/tariff period (currently four years) and (ii) have to be submitted (based on a proposal 
for each individual DSO and both for gas and electricity separately) for prior approval (i.e. before 
being actually charged) by the regulator. The regulator will exercise control on the proposed 
distribution grid fees. This takes the form of a check in advance (“ex ante”) when the DSOs’ tariff 
proposals are submitted for approval. At that moment, the regulator can reject elements of the 
budgeted costs and the regulator will establish the allowed income for a DSO (i.e., the part of the 
income that can be recovered through the grid tariffs). Afterwards (“ex post”), i.e., after the year 
for which an allowed income had been established, the DSO merely has a reporting obligation 
and is obliged to submit a detailed report to the regulator regarding the actual costs incurred (both 
for the so-called exogenous and endogenous costs) during the previous year. The regulatory 
framework consists of multi-annual tariffs applying for the whole tariff period. The regulatory 
framework aims at sufficiently remunerating the DSOs, enabling them to carry out the duties 
66  The theoretical concept of ‘information handicap’ refers to the universal and structural handicap a regulator faces in relation to the entities it 
regulates: a regulator as an outsider can never obtain the same level of information about a regulated entity’s activities as this regulated entity 
itself. 
67  See: https://www.vreg.be/nl/distributienettarieven. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
68  See: https://www.fluvius.be/nl/thema/aansluitingen-elektriciteit-1/contracten-reglementen-en-tarieven-elektriciteit.

--- Page 153 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
153 
imposed on them and realising a fair remuneration as a return on the share capital or contributions 
(as applicable) of their shareholders.  
Only the Guarantors (and not the Issuer) obtain their income directly from these grid fees. Where 
certain costs are not taken into account in the regulated tariffs, the corresponding economic cost 
is to be borne by the shareholders of the Guarantors (through a decrease in profit). As mentioned 
above, the operating company works on the basis of a pure pass-through mechanism for all its 
costs to the Guarantors, based on an allocation key.  
4.1.2
Legislative principles for the regulatory tarification framework 
The tariff-setting competences for distribution grid tariffs in Belgium are situated with the 
regions69. For the Flemish Region, the VREG has since mid-2014 replaced the CREG as the 
competent regulatory body. 
The general principles underlying the tariff methodology are enshrined in the tariff guidelines set 
out in the Energy Decree. The current tarification system in Flanders is basically an income 
regulation-based system, also called a “revenue-cap” system. 
The regional legislator and the VREG are bound by the general principles defined by the Third 
Energy Package and (for electricity) the Clean Energy Package (and to extent the proposals 
become law, the Fit for 55 package - see above and below). In particular, the VREG has to respect 
the principle that tariff methodologies should guarantee the long-term ability of the system to 
meet reasonable demands for the distribution of electricity and gas. In addition, the tariff 
methodologies should allow the DSOs to ensure the necessary investments in their networks to 
be carried out in a manner that allows those investments to ensure the viability of the networks. 
Increasingly, tariff legislation places a focus on the facilitation and incentivising of flexibility, 
demand-response, distributed generation, storage and energy efficiency services, including 
through aggregation or via energy communities, by providers independent from the DSOs 
(including non-discriminatory network access for these providers and their customers). 
The regulator’s role and competencies 
The current powers of the regulator are quite broad and the regulator holds an independent 
position within the energy market. The regulator has the exclusive power to establish (although 
after “structured, documented and transparent” consultation with the DSOs) the tariff 
methodology to be used by the DSOs as a basis for their tariff proposals, and subsequently to 
approve these tariff proposals or – if needed – to impose provisional tariffs.  
Nevertheless, when establishing the tariff methodology, the regulator remains bound by a number 
of binding guidelines incorporated in legislation. Amongst these guidelines is the principle that 
the VREG executes its tariff competency within the boundaries of the general energy policy as 
defined at European, federal and regional level. Furthermore, the VREG is compelled to 
extensively motivate its tariff decisions, both for its tariff methodology and the actual tariff 
decisions. The regulator is not allowed to retro-actively amend tariffs, notwithstanding the 
settlement of tariff balances in subsequent tariff periods (“regulatoire saldi” – see below) or 
compensatory measures after having imposed temporary provisional tariffs. 
69  On transmission of electricity and transport of natural gas the federal regulator CREG has retained its tariff-setting competency beyond 1 July 
2014. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 154 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
154 
In accordance with the rules laid down in the Third Energy Package, the core duties of the 
regulator for tariff setting do not deprive the legislator of the right to issue general policy 
guidelines which will have to be reflected into the tariff structure and methodology. The Energy 
Decree sets out binding tariff guidelines, which include, amongst others, the more general 
principles of exhaustiveness and transparency, non-discrimination and proportionality. In 
addition, this article in the Energy Decree also specifies that:  

the criteria to reject costs should be non-discriminatory and transparent; 

grid users should not be charged twice for the same use;70

the tariffs are non-discriminatory and proportional, and should reflect the actual costs, to 
the extent that these correspond to the costs made by efficient and structurally comparable 
DSOs; 

the remuneration for the regulated assets should allow a DSO to make the necessary 
investments for the execution of its tasks and its “access to capital”; 

the charges related to public service obligations are included in the tariffs, yet the VREG 
still has the power to assess the costs generated by the DSOs for those tasks and to 
benchmark those costs with the other DSOs; 

the tariff methodology should stipulate the determination of the tariff balances; 

cross-subsidisation between regulated and non-regulated activities is not allowed;

costs which are not under the control of a DSO constitute “exogenous costs”; costs relating 
to the execution of public service obligations and additionally imposed during a tariff 
period qualify as exogenous costs as well;

the DSOs should perform their tasks in an efficient way; and

any capacity tariff should take into account regionally objectifiable differences.  
4.1.3
Tarification principles (2021-2024) 
(a)
Allowed income for the DSOs 
There are two main aspects in tarification that have to be clearly separated: 
(i)
the tariff methodology establishes the distribution tariff by defining principles and 
parameters;
(ii)
the tariff structure sets out how the tariff is spread over the different categories of 
end consumers. 
It is to be noted that a Guarantor’s income is only affected by the tariff methodology, not 
by the tariff structure. 
70 This recent addition to the guidelines should be read in the context of any transitional arrangements that may result from the Constitutional 
Court judgement of 14 January 2021, which annulled the application of virtual reversed metering in combination with a prosumer tariff for 
solar panel owners being switched to a digital meter, in order to avoid that they might be charged cumulatively with a prosumer tariff and on 
their actual offtake. Please refer to section 4.1.5 – ‘Other tariff-related topics – tariff structure’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors’ for more information.

--- Page 155 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
155 
The VREG has chosen for a tariff regulation based on the so-called “allowed income” 
model with the exception of exogenous costs. It deems this approach as the best approach 
to incentivise DSOs to execute their operations as cost-efficiently as possible.  
The tariff methodology used by the VREG is basically built upon three different categories 
of DSO costs, which are touched upon below: 
(A)
endogenous costs: to be processed through the grid fee via the allowed income 
(B)
exogenous costs: entirely to be borne by a DSO’s grid users through the grid fee 
(C)
other costs: to be borne by the DSO itself, these costs cannot be included into the 
grid fee 
(A)
Endogenous costs 
In the “allowed income” model the endogenous costs are subject to incentive 
regulation to stimulate a DSO to work as cost-efficiently as possible and to ensure 
a sustainable management of the grid over time. Hence, to cover the endogenous 
costs, the tariff methodology should allow each DSO a certain amount of fixed 
revenues (the “allowed income”) which should correspond to the revenues of an 
efficient DSO. According to the VREG, the cost budget for a DSO should reflect 
the recent historical evolution of the endogenous sector costs and the actual share 
of each individual DSO therein (“sector trend methodology”).  
The major endogenous costs for the DSOs are: 

operational net expenditures, 

depreciations, 

remuneration for the cost of equity, 

remuneration for the cost of debt. 
Operational net expenditures 
The operating net expenditures incurred by a DSO in the context of its regulated 
activities, i.e. operational costs minus operational revenues, qualify as endogenous 
costs to which incentive regulation applies.  
Depreciations 
The value of all infrastructure elements that make up a distribution grid for 
electricity or gas is depreciated in accordance with the rules established by the 
regulator. This depreciation cost is integrally included into the distribution grid fee.  
The amortisation of surplus values based on the historical indexation and the initial 
regulated asset base is also taken into account. 
The VREG believes that goodwill and formation expenses do not qualify as assets 
used for distribution grid management purposes. As a consequence, the tariff 
methodology does not allow a DSO to include amortisations on goodwill and 
formation expenses as an endogenous cost in its tariff envelope. These costs cannot 
be recovered via the tariffs.

--- Page 156 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
156 
Remuneration for the cost of equity  
The DSO is also entitled to receive a fair remuneration for the resources that its 
shareholders have invested in the distribution grid in the form of contributions and 
other contributions and reserves. Basically, the remuneration for equity is set on 
the basis of the formula  
 ‘RAB x WACC’, 
in which 

RAB (Regulatory Asset Base) equals the regulated grid value calculated as 
the net economic reconstruction value, i.e. the investment amount needed 
to build a technically equivalent new grid, but based on the age of the 
current grid. The evolution of the RAB is monitored through a technical 
inventory and the yearly changes thereof (being investments in new grid 
infrastructure on the one hand and decommissioned infrastructure elements 
on the other hand).  
The net working capital can be included into the RAB value taken into 
consideration for the establishment of the equity remuneration. 
and in which 

WACC (Weighted Average Cost of Capital) is a weighted average of an 
entity’s costs of equity and debt, weighted by the proportions of equity and 
debt in its total balance sheet value. The WACC parameter is derived from 
the CAPM71 pricing formula. The WACC is determined ex-ante by the 
regulator and should be at an efficient and realistic level. The capital 
remuneration is calculated with reference to the relevant assets on the 
DSO’s balance sheet used for executing its regulated activities. Following 
the equity/debt calibration, an additional adjustment is made for corporate 
taxes as well. 
The parameters for this calculation during the tariff period 2021-2024 have been 
set as detailed in section 4.1.4(c) – ‘The tariff period 2021-2024’ below.
Remuneration for the cost of debt 
A DSO’s costs for debt (including interests and transaction costs) are also being 
remunerated through the grid fee. 
The VREG has indicated that it is not in favour of introducing a major risk of 
refinancing by the regulated DSOs. Such a risk might arise when a DSO is obliged 
to refinance its outstanding debt (mostly on terms beyond a 4-year tariff period so 
as to reflect the long-term useful life of its grid infrastructure’s assets) at the start 
of each new tariff period. With the basic principle of cost-efficiency in mind, the 
VREG also does not want to incentivise DSOs towards early redemptions of debt 
(whether bank loans or bonds), which would trigger additional costs. Therefore, 
71  CAPM refers to the commonly used “Capital Asset Pricing Model”, an economic model for the determination of required returns on 
investments given the risk of the relevant assets and the cost of capital. The CAPM formula is “the expected return of an investment equals 
the risk-free rate multiplied by the investment beta multiplied by the market risk premium”, in which beta is a measure of how much risk the 
investment will add to (or subtract from) an investment portfolio equal to the market.

--- Page 157 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
157 
the VREG has chosen for an approach which combines current market 
circumstances (interest rates) and the historical circumstances at the basis of 
outstanding DSO debt. 
The tariff methodology allows for transaction costs related to attracting debt 
financing. Transaction costs are a.o. fees paid to legal and financial advisers, costs 
paid to the financial regulator FSMA, costs made for drawing up a prospectus, 
listing costs, credit rating costs. 
More precisely, to determine the cost of debt in the WACC (as a percentage), the 
VREG applies a combined value consisting of the sum of (i) a risk-free interest rate 
for historical debt, (ii) a risk premium for historical and for new debt and (iii) an 
increase for transaction costs (for both historical and new debt). The values for 
these components and other parameters to calculate the cost of debt during the tariff 
period 2021-2024 have been set as detailed in section 4.1.4(c) – ‘The tariff period 
2021-2024’ below. 
Allowed income for endogenous costs  
Endogenous costs are subject to incentive regulation. The VREG has emphasised 
the importance of identifying the amount of the allowed income for endogenous 
costs in a transparent, non-discriminatory and predictable manner. To this end, the 
VREG has decided to determine the amount of the allowed income for endogenous 
costs on the basis of the evolution of the endogenous “sector” costs during a certain 
“observation period”. This observation period equals the five-year period starting 
from the year before the start of a specific tariff period. This method of post-
calculation allows the VREG to determine a DSO’s future income on the basis of 
the evolution and amount of the sector’s most recent (historical) costs.  
Furthermore, by referring to the “sector” costs, the VREG can incentivise all DSOs 
to work as efficiently as possible. For example, in case a DSO’s endogenous costs 
have increased more rapidly than the sector average, the former’s future allowed 
income in the next regulatory period will to a lesser extent correspond to that 
DSO’s latest cost level. Conversely, if a DSO’s endogenous costs have decreased 
more rapidly compared to the costs of its peers, its new allowed income in the next 
regulatory period will be higher than its most recent cost level.  
(B)
Exogenous costs 
Exogenous costs in general constitute the costs that are “beyond the control” of the 
DSO (or its operating company). These costs are therefore not subject to a system 
of incentive regulation and, as such, they are left out of the revenue cap. All 
exogenous costs are passed through to the distribution grid users, without any profit 
margin for a DSO and/or its operating company. 
A DSO is obliged to introduce an annual budget for exogenous costs to the VREG. 
The regulator then investigates this budget proposal for approval and introduction 
into the relevant grid fees. Any differences between these annual budgets (which 
are proposed “ex ante”) and the actual costs incurred by the DSO (which can only 
be exactly established “ex post”), whether positive or negative (so-called “tariff 
balances”), are being processed in the tariffs during the following tariff period (in 
principle in a four-year cycle).

--- Page 158 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
158 
The major exogenous costs for a Flemish energy DSO are: 

costs for the (financial) public service obligations to be performed by the 
DSO (in relation to e.g. the stimulation of rational energy use or minimum 
gas supply) 

costs for the transmission of electricity (invoiced by electricity TSO Elia 
Transmission Belgium) 

pension charges (see below for more details) 

taxes (excluding corporate tax) 

levies 

charges related to certificates; and

the reduction of tariff balances. 
Costs for Public Service Obligations  
The legislative authorities have imposed on the Flemish DSOs a number of public 
service obligations, which are mostly social, technical and ecological measures, 
such as the costs for budget metering, combatting energy poverty and minimum 
gas supply72, the costs for RUE73 subsidies paid out to consumers, energy scans, 
insulation projects etc. The net costs incurred by the DSOs with respect to these 
public service obligations 74  are fully passed on to consumers through the 
distribution grid fee.  
Costs for the transmission of electricity (electricity TSO Elia Transmission 
Belgium) 
The federal electricity TSO Elia Transmission Belgium75 (unlike the gas TSO 
Fluxys) invoices its costs for the use of the electricity transmission grid to the 
DSOs. The DSO is allowed to include the transmission cost as an exogenous cost 
into its own tariff to be invoiced to the electricity suppliers. The DSO can do so, 
since the transmission cost invoiced by electricity TSO Elia Transmission Belgium 
is also subject to regulation, albeit by the federal energy regulator CREG.  
The federal contribution which is added to the electricity grid tariffs is not included 
into these exogenous costs. 
Pension charges 
The charges incurred by a DSO for the non-capitalised supplementary pensions or 
the public sector pensions paid out to employees that have executed a regulated 
activity in electricity and/or gas distribution are deemed to have an exogenous 
character, on the express condition that these charges are due on the basis of 
72 To the extent these costs are not compensated by any direct support from the Flemish Government. 
73  RUE: rational use of energy. 
74  Only the net costs for public service obligations may be introduced into the tariffs, i.e. after deduction of any contributions or receipts from 
third parties, including the Flemish Government. 
75  Elia Transmission Belgium NV/SA has been designated as the national and regional/local electricity TSO for the very high- and high-voltage 
electricity grid in Belgium (source: Elia Group Press Release of 20 January 2020).

--- Page 159 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
159 
statutory regimes, collective bargaining agreements or any other sufficiently 
formalised agreements approved prior to 30 April 1999. 
Taxes 
Taxes are considered to be exogenous costs. Corporate taxes, if any, are an 
exception to this general principle. This also applies to other amounts levied by 
public authorities and paid for by third parties, e.g. retributions paid by the DSOs 
to municipalities76 and the levy on the use of the large-scale reference file (as 
stipulated in the Flemish Decree of 16 April 2004 regarding the Large-Scale 
Reference File77). 
Levies 
Part of the total grid fee consists of federal and Flemish levies. More particularly: 

the energy contribution is a levy on each kWh of electricity and gas 
consumed. 

the federal contribution serves amongst other things to finance the Social 
Energy Fund and the Fund for Protected Consumers. It also finances the 
federal regulator CREG. Lastly, the federal contribution is also used to 
finance the Denuclearisation Fund and dedicated measures aimed at 
reducing greenhouse gas emissions. 

the Flemish contribution (“contribution to the Energy Fund”) is used by the 
Flemish authorities to finance their energy policy. As such, these funds are 
being used to finance the VREG’s operations, the social energy policy, and 
the policies related to rational use of energy, combined heat-power (CHP) 
and renewables. 
In the tariff methodology, these levies are treated as exogenous costs for the DSOs. 
Charges related to certificates 
The DSOs’ costs directly related to the obligatory purchase of certificates for green 
power and combined heat/power, at their minimum support level, can be 
introduced into the grid fee as an exogenous cost. Also included as exogenous costs 
are the costs/revenues from the obligatory solidarity mechanism between the 
DSOs, which results in either an additional cost (if a specific DSO has to take over 
additional certificates from other DSOs) or a revenue (if a DSO can sell certificates 
to other DSOs). The same holds for certificates which a DSO can sell to the Flemish 
authorities within the framework of measures laid down in the Energy Decree. 
More details about the certificate mechanism such as it is being applied in the 
Flemish Region, are included in the next paragraphs. 
In the Flemish Region, a system of so-called green power certificates and CHP 
certificates was introduced in 2004. The three main pillars of the Flemish green 
power and CHP certificate system are (i) the possibility of producers of green 
76  The so-called “regulation on municipal retributions” (in Dutch: “reglement gemeentelijke retributies”). 
77  Published in the Belgian State Gazette on 5 July 2004.

--- Page 160 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
160 
energy and CHP to be granted green/CHP certificates78 , (ii) the obligation for 
suppliers of electricity to acquire each year a number of green power and CHP 
certificates (quota obligation) and (iii) the guarantee system whereby a minimum 
price for the certificates is guaranteed to the producers of electricity for a 
predetermined period.  
In this framework, the producers of green electricity and CHP have the 
responsibility to transmit the necessary production information to the VREG, 
which will rely on this information to issue green power and CHP certificates. The 
DSOs also have an important role in the guarantee system, since this guarantee 
system has been implemented through the obligation for the DSOs to purchase 
green power and CHP certificates from certain producers of green electricity/CHP 
at a fixed price.  
The Issuer, as the operating company for the Flemish electricity DSOs, is also 
responsible for the administrative aspects towards the prosumers in Flanders. The 
latter have to contact Fluvius for all matters pertaining the green certificates/CHP 
database, such as a change of address, the input of their solar production data in 
order to obtain certificates, etc. 
The system is such that the DSOs are obliged to buy the green power and CHP 
certificates at a fixed minimum price predetermined by the public authorities, 
without the DSOs having any say on the price level. The DSOs buy these 
certificates from any party requesting to do so, and then offload these green power 
certificates in the market while recognising the difference between the guaranteed 
price (at which the DSOs have bought the certificates) and the market price for the 
certificates (at which they can be sold by the DSOs) as a public service obligation 
cost, to be charged through in the distribution grid fee as an exogenous cost. The 
number of certificates which the DSOs can be forced to purchase is not limited and 
will depend on the amount of produced renewable energy. Through this certificate 
mechanism, the Flemish authorities have established a support mechanism for the 
development of renewable and decentralised (including CHP) electricity 
generation in Flanders.  
Reduction of tariff balances 
In addition, the VREG in principle considers the historically accumulated tariff 
balances (“regulatoire saldi”)79 to be exogenous as well. This means that the 
amount of exogenous costs to be incorporated into the grid fees for a certain year 
may be modified annually by the VREG depending on the exogenous costs actually 
incurred in (the) previous year(s). In addition, the future balances as a consequence 
of the actually incurred exogenous costs and the actual revenues which should 
cover these costs, are subtracted from or added to the grid fees. 
78  For installations with a start date before 1 January 2013, one green power or CHP certificate is attributed for each 1,000 kWh of green 
electricity produced or saved. For installations with a start date from 1 January 2013, one green power or CHP certificate is attributed for each 
1,000 kWh of green electricity produced or saved, multiplied by the applicable banding factor (which is calculated on the basis of the 
unprofitable summit for the type of project and remains fixed for the whole duration of the support). 
79  Formerly called “regulatory assets & liabilities”.

--- Page 161 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
161 
(C)
Other costs 
If and when a DSO has incurred other costs, these costs constitute “rejected costs” 
(“verworpen kosten”), which means that regulation does not allow them to be 
included into the grid tariffs. As such, these costs cannot be recovered through the 
grid fee and have to be borne by the DSO (and thus, ultimately, its shareholders). 
Examples of this category of other costs are fines, provisions, costs for lost court 
cases etc. 
Establishment of a DSO’s total allowed income 
As mentioned above, the total allowed income which a DSO can obtain from the 
periodical distribution grid fees is based upon (i) the allowed income for exogenous 
costs and (ii) the allowed income for endogenous costs.  
Adaptations of the allowed income  
The tariff methodology allows for certain additional adaptations. A DSO’s 
endogenous costs can be adapted taking into account (i) inflation, (ii) several X-
factors reflecting positive/negative results of the relevant DSO and (iii) a Q-factor 
(quality factor) to stimulate a persistently high service quality to be delivered by 
the DSO.  
Inflation: The tariff methodology caters for inflation rate evolutions. In practice, 
this is implemented by a dual-step approach. On the one hand, the historical values 
of endogenous sector costs are updated at the beginning of every tariff period and, 
on the other hand, a DSO’s allowed income is adapted “annually”. The inflation 
rate is measured on the basis of the retail price index.  
X-factor: The adaptation of a DSO’s allowed income on the basis of inflation is 
corrected by a so-called “X-factor”. This X-factor indicates to what extent a DSO’s 
tariffs can increase annually assuming that the DSO performs its tasks efficiently. 
The use of the X-factor constitutes a form of incentive-based regulation as it 
indicates to what extent a DSO has to deliver extra efficiency and productivity. 
Through the X-factor, consumers directly participate in the expected cost 
reductions in the form of lower tariffs in the next regulatory period. On the other 
hand, a DSO can also benefit as long as it manages to reduce costs in excess of the 
X-factor. The residual cost savings can then be retained in the form of higher profits 
in the next regulatory period.  
Q-factor: A DSO could theoretically exaggerate its cost savings benchmarked 
against the X-factor, possibly at the expense of the quality of its services delivered 
to the end consumers. To mitigate this problem, the tariff methodology also 
contains a Q-factor. The Q-factor or “quality factor” measures the level of quality 
of a DSO’s services and is translated into a financial remuneration (or a financial 
penalisation).  
X’-factor: On 20 September 2018, the Flemish energy regulator introduced a 
specific additional factor, labelled X’, into the then ongoing tariff methodology (for 
2017-2020) at the occasion of the merger of the DSOs’ operating companies Eandis 
System Operator and Infrax into Fluvius System Operator. The X’-factor 
introduces an extra financial cost saving incentive for the DSOs, as well as a

--- Page 162 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
162 
compulsory timing for these cost savings to be realised. This X’ factor is 
maintained in the new tariff methodology from 2021 onwards. 
X’’ factor: Frontier shift 
The previous tariff methodology (for 2017-2020) made use of a mechanism to set 
the allowed income for endogenous costs based on the actual costs of the previous 
years. This model includes a competitive element, incentivizing the individual 
DSOs to outperform the norm, being the average evolution for the group of all 
DSOs.  
As a consequence of the Fluvius merger, the VREG introduced an additional 
safeguard for cost efficiency in the new tariff methodology from 2021 onwards. 
This safeguard takes the form of a so-called “frontier shift”, i.e. a productivity 
improvement which efficient companies can realise. The cost evolution for 
distribution system operations is being compared to the ones in comparable and 
representative sectors. Every DSO should be able to realise at least the net frontier 
shift productivity improvement.  
The Guarantors and the Issuer are faced with the financial impact of the decision 
by the Flemish Government to accelerate the roll-out of digital metering for 
electricity and gas, compared to the original timeline. In accordance with the 
provisions in the 2021-2024 tariff methodology, the Issuer requested and obtained 
advances for the year 2021 for a total amount (electricity and gas combined) of 
EUR 43 million. These advances are integrated into the grid fees and thus result in 
an increase of the tariffs. For 2022, an advance for electricity of EUR 21,998,060 
has been allowed by the VREG. For gas, no advance for the year 2022 was 
requested. The VREG still has to decide on how and when the allowed advances 
will have to be repaid. 
(b)
Periodical and non-periodical costs and tariffs 
Within the tariff methodology, a distinction is made between periodical and non-periodical 
(or one-off) costs. The non-periodical tariffs include e.g. tariffs for the connection to the 
distribution grid, for studies related to a connection or for adaptations to the metering 
system. Periodical tariffs include tariffs for the use of the distribution grid, for public 
service obligations, for the use of the transport grid and for a number of ancillary services. 
4.1.4
The DSOs’ regulatory tariffs in historical perspective 
(a)
Before 2017 
In the years preceding 2017, the distribution grid tarification system was changed several 
times. In the information presented below, the changes that are still relevant for the tariff 
methodologies 2017-2020 and 2021-2024 are commented upon. 
The two-year period 2015-2016 constituted a transitory tariff period in which the tariff 
methodology defined by the VREG was partially inspired by the tariff methodology 
previously established by the CREG. This 2015-2016 tariff methodology was established 
following an ad hoc procedure and evolved into a revenue cap model in which a cap 
determines the maximum revenue a DSO can collect from its consumers, with the 
exclusion of the “exogenous” costs that are beyond the DSO’s control.

--- Page 163 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
163 
Pursuant to the Belgian Sixth State Reform the tariff-setting competences for distribution 
grid tariffs have been transferred to the Regions from 1 July 2014 onwards. In the Flemish 
Region, the VREG has thus become responsible for distribution grid tarification. On 14 
March 2014, the Flemish Parliament approved a Decree altering the Energy Decree to 
formally appoint the VREG as the regulator for distribution grid tariffs and to anticipate 
the implementation of these new tariff competences in the Flemish Region as from July 
2014.  
Recovery of historical regulatory assets and liabilities  
Regulatory tariff schemes up until the year 2014 provided for stimuli for DSOs to operate 
more productively and efficiently. A distinction was made between “manageable costs” 
(beheersbare kosten) and “non-manageable costs” (niet-beheersbare kosten). The former 
are costs over which the DSO has direct control; the latter are the costs over which the 
DSO does not have such direct control (e.g. TSO tariffs and public service obligations). 
The CREG compared both manageable and non-manageable costs actually incurred on a 
yearly basis with the respective costs foreseen in the budget upon which the original tariff 
proposals were based. Differences relating to manageable costs were to the benefit of the 
shareholders of a DSO (bonus) or were borne by them (malus). Deviations relating to non-
manageable costs (e.g. depreciations, public service obligations, network losses) and to 
volumes of transported energy were considered as a global liability or receivable towards 
the grid users (Regulatory Assets or Liabilities or “RALs”).  
These deviations were registered by the Guarantors on an accrual account prior to an 
approval of the exact level of these deviations by the regulator following the end of each 
year of a regulatory period either as a receivable (in case the non-manageable costs 
actually incurred are higher than the budgeted costs) or as a liability (non-manageable 
costs actually incurred are lower than budgeted costs). 
The CREG did not take a decision on the RALs relating to the years 2010 and 2011 due 
to the uncertainty of the tariff framework arguing that such a decision required the 
preliminary establishment of a tariff methodology and that given the then ongoing transfer 
of tariff setting competences, there was no time, nor a legal basis to establish such a 
methodology.  
On 30 June 2015, the Court of Appeal of Brussels – in proceedings instituted by the DSOs 
from the former Infrax Group – ruled that, in order to ensure regulatory continuity, it 
would be appropriate that the responsibility for the “determination” of the RALs should 
lie with the same regulatory body that is also competent for the “allocation” of those 
RALs. Hence, the Court decided that the VREG should take both the determination and 
the allocation decision for the relevant RALs. When making those decisions, the VREG 
should take into account the tariff methodology used by the CREG to “determine” the 
original tariffs to the extent this methodology complies with the regulatory guidelines 
contained in the federal Electricity Law.  
In the 2015-2016 transitory tariff methodology the VREG qualified these RALs as 
exogenous costs. When the VREG established the 2015-2016 transitory tariff 
methodology in the fourth quarter of 2014, it was not prone to take a similar decision for 
the RALs relating to the period 2010-2014. The VREG decided, on 5 October 2015, to 
amend the 2015-2016 transitory tariff methodology to allow for the integration of a 20% 
provision for the RALs relating to the period 2010-2014. In its 2017-2020 tariff

--- Page 164 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
164 
methodology, the VREG evenly integrated the remaining 80% in the annual tariffs of 
2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 (i.e., 20% every year). 
(b)
The regulatory tariff period 2017-2020 
On 24 August 201680, the VREG established the tariff methodology for electricity and gas 
distribution in the Flemish Region for the tariff period 2017-2020. Since then, the VREG 
amended this tariff methodology at several occasions: 
1.
on 6 July 2018 (BESL-2018-23): the amendments introduced criteria for evaluating 
the reasonableness of costs incurred by the DSOs; reporting on the cost efficiency 
of the connection points with the Elia electricity transmission grid was made 
obligatory;
2.
on 20 September 2018 (BESL-2018-73): the amendments introduced financial 
stimuli at the occasion of the operating companies Eandis System Operator and 
Infrax into Fluvius System Operator which took effect on 1 July 2018;
3.
on 21 June 2019 (BESL-2019-24): a number of changes were introduced into the 
tariff methodology to take into account the introduction of digital meters. 
Apart from the general principles underlying the tariff methodologies, as commented upon 
in section 4.1 – ‘Regulatory framework for the Flemish energy DSOs (electricity and 
gas)’, the main points of the 2017-2020 methodology can be summarised as follows: 
The VREG applies the following calculation parameters: 
in calculating the cost of equity,  

a gearing ratio of 40% equity versus 60% debt, irrespective of the actual 
balance sheet structures of the regulated DSOs;

a risk-free interest rate of 1.43%, which is derived from (i) 0.80% being the 
two-year weighted average of yields on 10-year government bonds (for 75% 
Belgian government bonds (‘OLO’) and for 25% on German government 
bonds (‘Bunds’)) and (ii) 0.63%, being a compensation for the decreasing 
impact of the ongoing bond purchase programme by the European Central 
Bank (“ECB”) on government bonds81;

an additional market risk premium of 5.01%; 

a parameter reflecting the risk profile of the DSO (the so-called “equity beta 
factor”) set at 0.81 for both electricity and gas.  
Based on these parameters, the VREG set the post-tax cost of capital at 5.49%. 
in calculating the cost of debt, 
80  VREG document ‘BESL-2016-09’ at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2016-09. Information contained on this website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
81  The ECB initiated a Quantitative Easing (“QE”) programme in January 2015: it consisted of an expanded asset purchase programme of bonds 
issued by different types of issuers and aims at a reduction of bonds yields in order to support and revitalise the eurozone’s economy. Since 
its inception, the ECB’s QE programme brought about a general reduction of bond yields and the risk-free interest rate in European debt 
capital markets.

--- Page 165 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
165 

the proportion between historical debt and new debt is set at 65% for 
historical debt and 35% for new debt;

the same risk-free interest rate parameters as described above for the cost of 
equity are being applied; this amounts to a risk-free interest rate for 
historical debt of 3.04%; 

a risk premium for historical debt of 0.64% and 0.61% for new debt;

0.15% is added to the cost of debt, both for new and historical debt, to cater 
for transaction costs.  
The overall cost of debt used in the tariff methodology 2017-2020 for the Flemish DSOs 
is therefore 3.04%. 
The combined cost of equity (5.49%) and cost of debt (3.04%) results in a total WACC 
(pre-tax) of 4.8%. This boils down to a post-tax WACC of 4.0%. 
(c)
The tariff period 2021-2024 
The VREG published its decision on the new tariff methodology for the tariff period 2021-
2024 on 13 August 202082.  
Apart from the general principles underlying all tariff methodologies, as commented upon 
in section 4.1 – ‘Regulatory framework for the Flemish energy DSOs (electricity and 
gas)’, the main points of the 2021-2024 methodology can be summarised as follows: 
The VREG will apply the following calculation parameters: 
in calculating the cost of equity, 

a gearing ratio of 40% equity versus 60% debt, irrespective of the actual 
balance sheet structures of the regulated DSOs;

a risk-free interest rate of 0.09%, which is derived from the two-year 
weighted average of yields on 10-year government bonds (for 75% Belgian 
government bonds (“OLO”) and for 25% on German government bonds 
(“Bunds”))  

the compensation for the decreasing impact of the ongoing bond purchase 
programme by the ECB on government bonds, introduced in the previous 
(2017-2020) tariff methodology, will no longer apply in the 2021-2024 tariff 
period;

an additional market risk premium of 4.81%; 

a parameter reflecting the risk profile of the DSO (the so-called “equity beta 
factor”) set at 0.83 for both electricity and gas. 
82  VREG Decision of 13 August 2020 ‘BESL-2020-31’ (available at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2020-31). The original Decision was 
subsequently amended by Decisions of 11 December 2020 (‘BESL-2020-86’, available at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2020-86), 5 
February 2021 (‘BESL-2021-07’, available at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2021-07), 25 June 2021 (‘BESL-2021-33’, available at 
https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-2021-33) and 8 October 2021 (‘BESL-2021-97’, available at https://www.vreg.be/nl/document/besl-
2021-97). Information contained on these websites does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 166 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
166 
Based on these parameters, the VREG set the pre-tax cost of equity at 5.44% (post-tax at 
4.08%83). 
in calculating the cost of debt, 

the proportion between historical debt and new debt is set at 60% for 
historical debt and 40% for new debt;

the same risk-free interest rate parameters as described above for the cost of 
equity are being applied, albeit without the compensation for the ECB bond 
purchasing programme; this amounts to a risk-free interest rate for historical 
debt of 2.11%; 

a risk premium for historical debt of 0.58% and 0.85% for new debt;

the interest rates are set at 2.84% for historical debt and at 1.09% for new 
debt;

0.15% is added to the cost of debt, both for new and historical debt to cater 
for transaction costs.  
The overall cost of debt used in the tariff methodology 2021-2024 for the Flemish DSOs 
is therefore 2.14%. 
The combined cost of equity (5.44%) and cost of debt (2.14%) results in a total WACC 
(pre-tax) of 3.5%.  
Additionally, the VREG decided to implement a fundamental change in the remuneration 
mechanism for the RAB: the revaluation surplus values within the RAB84 are being set 
apart and the relevant remuneration will be gradually phased out to disappear entirely over 
a period of eight years (2021-2029). 
The quality incentive, also identified as “Q-factor”, will be an element in the allowed 
income for endogenous costs. It will be calculated on the basis of a DSO’s performance 
on (i) power outages and (ii) late connections to the distribution grid. 
The trend methodology which the regulator uses for setting the DSOs’ allowed income 
does not take into account a swift and substantial increase of costs, since it is based on the 
evolution in the recent past and not on the expected costs in the near future. That is why 
the VREG has foreseen an advance payment scheme that allows the Issuer and the 
Guarantors to file year-by-year a request for an advance to compensate for quickly rising 
costs. The decision by the Flemish Government, dated 5 June 2020, to accelerate the smart 
metering roll-out (see section 9.2 – ‘Trends in the energy sector’) does indeed trigger 
substantial additional costs at the level of the Issuer and the Guarantors. A request for an 
advance of EUR 42.83 million for 2021 has been filed by the Issuer and the Guarantors 
and was approved by the regulator. Further details on the approval of advancements for 
2022 and beyond and on the repayment mechanism of these advances, are still to be 
elaborated. 
83  Calculated on the basis of a corporate tax rate of 25.00%. 
84  For 2019, the Guarantors’ aggregate RAB value for electricity and gas network infrastructure amounted to 9.9 billion EUR, of which 
approximately an amount of 1.9 billion EUR is composed of revaluation surplus values.

--- Page 167 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
167 
Following the publication of the 2021-2024 tariff methodology, the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors in its meeting of 26 August 2020 evaluated the tariff methodology’s impact on 
the Fluvius Economic Group’s financials. The Board concluded that the new tariff 
methodology will have a considerable impact on the DSOs’ allowed income, and thus on 
their revenues, cashflows and profit margins for both electricity and gas, due to, amongst 
other things, a reduction of the WACC to a level below market conditions, the phase-out 
of the remuneration on the RAB revaluation surplus values, the additional X’ cost savings 
target of EUR 150 million, the “frontier shift” measures in gas distribution and the 
uncertainty on the advance mechanism for 2022 and beyond to mitigate the effects of the 
accelerated roll-out programme for digital metering. 
The downward revision by the VREG of the parameters for setting the allowed incomes 
during the tariff period 2021-2024 results in a downward trend for the revenues and cash 
flows that can be generated by the DSOs in their regulated businesses of electricity and 
gas distribution. The exact impact can, however, only be estimated reliably once the exact 
allowed income for each of those four years will have been formally set by the VREG 
(which generally occurs around mid-October of the preceding year). The 2021-2024 tariff 
methodology also inspired Moody’s and Creditreform’s decisions to lower the Issuer’s 
credit rating outlook from ‘stable’ to ‘negative’ in 2020. In June 2021, however, the Issuer 
and the Guarantors themselves approved a set of mitigating measures which aim at 
lessening the negative impact of the 2021-2024 tariff methodology on the Guarantors’ 
financial position. In summary, these measures entail: (1) requesting advances from the 
regulator in relation to the accelerated roll-out of digital metering, so that the allowed 
income is temporarily increased to cope with the additional need for financing; (2) setting 
strict technical and financial criteria for evaluating investments (‘capex’); (3) 
implementing extra cost savings in order to reach the cost saving target of EUR 150 
million by the end of 2024, as set by the VREG; and (4) adjusting the dividend policy, 
starting with the dividends for the financial year 2022, taking into account the ratio ‘equity 
on RAB’ in each mission-entrusted company shareholder. In light of these mitigating 
measures, Moody’s has decided to reinstate the Issuer’s ‘stable’ credit rating outlook and 
Creditreform affirmed the Issuer’s A+ credit rating with negative outlook (see section 1.4 
– ‘The Issuer’s corporate ratings’ for further information). 
The allowed income for each of the Guarantors for the year 2022, both for electricity and 
gas, was established by the VREG decisions dated 8 October 202185. 
4.1.5
Other tariff-related topics – tariff structure 
(a)
Capacity tariff 
In the run-up towards establishing the 2021-2024 tariff methodology for electricity, the 
VREG had already announced its intention to fundamentally change the tariff structure, 
i.e. the mechanism setting out how total costs are spread out over different categories of 
end users. As a result, it has been decided to introduce in the Flemish Region, as from 
1 July 2022 (the original deadline for implementation of 1 January 2022 having been 
85 Fluvius Antwerpen: BESL-2021-78 for electricity and BESL-2021-88 for gas; Fluvius Limburg: BESL-2021-79 for electricity and BESL-
2021-89 for gas; Fluvius West: BESL-2021-80 for electricity and BESL-2021-90 for gas; Gaselwest: BESL-2021-81 for electricity and BESL-
2021-91 for gas; Imewo: BESL-2021-82 for electricity and BESL-2021-92 for gas; Intergem: BESL-2021-83 for electricity and BESL-2021-
93 for gas; Iveka: BESL-2021-84 for electricity and BESL-2021-94 for gas; Iverlek: BESL-2021-85 for electricity and BESL-2021-95 for 
gas; PBE: BESL-2021-86 for electricity; Sibelgas: BESL-2021-87 for electricity and BESL-2021-96 for gas.

--- Page 168 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
168 
postponed by 6 months and it is to be noted that on 16 May 2022, the VREG launched a 
consultation round on a proposal to further postpone the deadline to 1 January 2023), a 
grid fee based on capacity. The capacity-based elements will only impact that part of the 
aggregate grid tariff for residential and SME consumers, which is directly related to 
building, managing and maintaining the grid. Tariff components such as the cost for public 
service obligations, transmission of electricity and surcharges remain out of scope of the 
capacity tariff. These will still be calculated and allocated on the basis of consumed 
volumes (kWh).
The current tarification mechanism for electricity distribution is entirely based on energy 
consumption volumes (i.e. euro/kWh-consumption/period). A capacity-based distribution 
grid fee is based on euro/kW/period. 
The general idea behind a capacity-driven grid fee is that such a tariff better reflects a 
DSO’s actual cost drivers, and that the capacity criterion is a better way to allocate the 
relevant costs to those grid users that have actually triggered the costs. Indeed, a DSO’s 
relevant operational costs are largely driven by the grid dimensioning (expressed as the 
expected peak capacity on the grid and the simultaneity of the peak capacity of the 
aggregate users on the grid), as financially reflected in depreciations and the cost of 
capital, rather than by the energy volumes distributed at a specific connection over a period 
of time. Grid dimensioning is primarily determined taking into account the expected 
system peak. The energy transition which entails more electrification (electric mobility, 
electric heat pumps etc.) and a more decentralised and decarbonised energy system – will 
inevitably result in a higher system peak and substantially higher grid investments, if no 
further measures are taken.
In the capacity tarification proposed by the VREG, a grid user “reserves” an expected peak 
capacity for the upcoming year, the so-called “access capacity”. The access capacity 
would be determined on the peak capacity of the past year. The capacity tariff would not 
be influenced by the moment at which the peak capacity will be reached. 
A capacity-driven distribution tariff structure is thought to incentivise a grid user to better 
align its connection capacity utilisation on the condition that the grid user gains a better 
insight into its use of the connection capacity. This insight into grid and connection 
utilisation is enabled by the introduction of digital metering linked to an in-house display. 
Grid users will be more aware of the costs caused by peak capacity and thus be pushed 
towards reducing those peaks. 
The DSOs and the Issuer have received some additional time from the VREG (until 1 July 
2022) to implement the new tariff structure for electricity, including the capacity tariff. On 
16 May 2022, the VREG launched a consultation round on a proposal to further postpone 
the deadline for implementation to 1 January 2023. The DSOs can be subject to a malus

--- Page 169 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
169 
up to EUR 1 million per month of delay in implementing this new tariff structure after the 
aforementioned date. 
(b)
Data management tarification 
Article 4.1.29 of the Energy Decree stipulates that the data management activities are 
subject to a system of regulated tarification. Such tarification covers the activities of 
metering, including the collection, validation and transmission of metering data according 
to article 4.1.8 of the Energy Decree.  
As from 2021, the data tariff will consist of a fixed annual amount for each access point 
and per level of metering detail (15 minutes, day, month, year). This global tariff is 
invoiced on the basis of offtake volumes. Apart from this, there is an additional tariff for 
generation within the framework of the certificate allowance. The data management tariffs 
will be significantly broader in scope than those applicable until year-end 2020, since they 
are to cover data management, which goes beyond the current ‘metering activity’. But for 
the end consumers, this specific price increase will be compensated by a similar decrease 
of the other elements in the grid fee. Potential volume-based balances arising out of a 
smaller number of customers with 15-min readings versus other customers can be 
recovered in subsequent tariff periods. 
As from 2022, a fixed tariff term for data management (EUR/year) is introduced. It is a 
global tariff that the consumer is due for the entire data management for the relevant access 
point. It will consist of a fixed annual amount, determined by the meter type and the degree 
of reading detail (15 minutes, day, month, year). It will be invoiced on the basis of offtake 
volumes. It will also be applicable to production meters within the framework of the 
certificate allowance. 
For the sake of completeness: beside the data management, there is also a tariff for non-
periodic data services. The proceeds of the latter tariff are negligible compared to those 
from the data management tariffs. These data services aim at the development of new 
markets based on data that become available through the data management activities 
carried out by the Issuer/Guarantors, and they are bundled in a so-called “services 
catalogue”. This catalogue includes (i) making available 15-minute data collected from 
tele-read meters, (ii) making available through a web portal 15-min or daily data collected 
from digital meters, (iii) making available through machine-to-machine exchanges (API) 
15-min or daily data collected from digital meters and (iv) consultancy and data 
consultancy services.
(c)
Prosumer tariff 
The so-called prosumer86 tariff was introduced into the Flemish energy market on 1 July 
2015. It applies to consumers with a decentral electricity production installation equal to 
or below 10 kVA (most often solar panels) and a reversing analogue (“Ferraris”) electricity 
meter. It should be pointed out that the prosumer tariff is an element of distribution grid 
tarification, not a tax. The prosumer tariff allows for the distribution grid tariffs to better 
86  The term “prosumer” (a contraction of the words “producer” and “consumer”‘) refers to grid users that use the grid to take off electricity but 
also to inject electricity. The electricity they inject into the distribution grid is produced by their own small-scale decentralised generation 
installation (equal to or less than 10 kVA such as solar panels and others).

--- Page 170 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
170 
reflect the actual electricity volumes transiting over the DSOs’ distribution networks87 as 
it is supposed to compensate (in the form of a lump-sum compensation) for the non-
measured part of the prosumer’s use of the distribution grid. 
The prosumer tariff is set for each DSO separately. It is calculated based on the maximum 
AC capacity of the inverter (measured in kVA), since the regulator considers this 
calculation method to be the best possible indicator for the maximum impact the 
prosumer’s installation has on the DSO’s grid. The actual prosumer tariff, valid during 
2021, is the result of the AC capacity in kVA multiplied by a set tariff which varies between 
EUR 72.25 (Fluvius Limburg) and EUR 112.42 (Gaselwest), 21% of VAT included. Two 
recent changes were introduced by the VREG in its Decision of 8 October 2021: 
(i)
solar panel owners switching from an analogue (reverse) meter to a digital meter 
get to “take up” their built up negative net balance, in the form of a one-off 
reduction on their next settlement invoice, to maximum the amount of their actual 
offtake of that first invoice as measured by the digital meter; any excess balance 
will be forfeited; and
(ii)
the monthly prosumer tariff will be split more evenly over the year, based on the 
normal amount of sunny hours per month. 
The introduction of digital meters has changed the situation for prosumers who had the 
option, under the old Article 4.1.30/1 of the Energy Decree, for their digital meter to either 
(i) function, during a period of maximum 15 years, as a “virtually” reversing meter, in 
which case the prosumer tariff would remain due in combination with a remuneration for 
their compensated offtake or (ii) function as a proper digital meter (capable of separately 
measuring offtake and injection), and have their distribution grid fee calculated on the 
actual off-take volumes. With a judgment of 14 January 2021 (No 5/2021) however, the 
Constitutional Court annulled this arrangement deeming it to be discriminatory, given that 
grid users who did not own solar panels would not be able to benefit from it. As a result, 
the tariff methodology was amended and no longer takes into account the possibility of 
“virtual reverse metering”. Consequently, the prosumer tariff can be applied only to 
prosumers with an actual, analogue reverse meter. 
The introduction of the digital meter does not impact the electricity commodity price as 
such, nor the surcharges to be paid by the prosumer. 
4.2
Regulatory framework for the Flemish sewerage intermunicipalities 
For a description of the regulatory framework on sewerage in Flanders, please refer to section 3.4 
‘Organisation of the Flemish sewerage market’ in which the legislative basis at the European and Flemish 
level is set out, the role of both the Flemish Environment Agency (VMM) and Aquafin are explained 
and the subsidy mechanism for sewerage projects in the Flemish region is commented upon. 
87  Prior to the introduction of the prosumer tariff, the DSOs’ distribution tariffs did not reflect the actual electricity volumes which were transiting 
over their grid (i.e., both off-take and injection), because prosumers only contributed to the network costs at the rate of the net balance measured 
on their reversing meter between the quantities consumed from and injected into the network (the so-called “compensated offtake” or 
“gecompenseerde afname”). As a consequence, a prosumer injecting 3,000 kWh and taking off 3,000 kWh in a given year, was only charged 
based on the net meter reading of a balance of zero off-take and zero injection. Hence, the DSOs were faced with a decrease of revenues and, 
therefore, afterwards in an upward pressure on the tariffs to be paid by non-prosumer grid users.

--- Page 171 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
171 
4.3
Regulatory and contractual framework for Flemish CATV intermunicipalities 
On 1 October 2008, Fluvius Antwerpen (former Integan), Fluvius Limburg (former Interelectra and 
Inter-media), Fluvius West (former WVEM) and PBE, united within Interkabel, entered into an 
agreement with Telenet NV (the “2008 Telenet Agreement”), whereby Telenet NV acquired the 
analogue and digital subscriber base of these companies. Furthermore, a long-term lease of certain 
network assets was granted to Telenet NV at the occasion of this transaction. The Issuer and the relevant 
Guarantors now act as contractors for Telenet NV and they are responsible for the operation, 
maintenance, expansion and upgrading of the cable network.  
In the same agreement, it was agreed upon that the cable companies could use the cable network to offer 
services to provinces, cities, municipalities and related local governments and public entities located in 
the area of the aforementioned Guarantors. Following the 2008 Telenet Agreement, Telenet NV has all 
rights to use substantially all of the network under a long-term lease for an initial period of 38 years. 
Telenet is contractually obliged to pay recurring fees in addition to the fees paid in relation to the 
Interkabel Contribution Deed (which was entered into by Telenet Vlaanderen NV in 1996, and remains 
in full force and effect) under certain pre-existing agreements with the relevant Guarantors that remain 
the network’s legal owners. All capital expenditures associated with the network will be initiated by 
Telenet NV, but executed and prefinanced by the Guarantors through an increase of the lease payments 
due by Telenet NV to them, and will follow a 15-year reimbursement schedule. Telenet NV’s usage 
rights on the network take the form of long-term lease agreements (“erfpacht”). Unless extended, the 
long-term leases will expire on 23 September 2046, and cannot be terminated earlier, except in the 
following cases:  
(a)
non-payment of at least 25% by Telenet NV of its annual lease payments, which is not remedied 
within 100 business days; or 
(b)
bankruptcy of Telenet NV.  
However, in each such case of early termination, the long-term lease will not be terminated if Telenet NV 
is replaced by a Replacing Entity (“Instappende Entiteit” as defined in the long-term leases) within a 
certain time period. A Replacing Entity is any interested party that meets certain strict solvency 
requirements. In the event that a long-term lease is transferred to a Replacing Entity for an event that 
does not also lead to the automatic termination of the usage rights under the Interkabel Contribution 
Deed (see below), Telenet Vlaanderen NV will have the right (but not the obligation) to transfer its usage 
rights on the network to such Replacing Entity, subject to certain conditions. Under the terms of the 
Interkabel Contribution Deed, Telenet’s usage rights to provide point-to-point services over the network 
will automatically terminate if, among other things, (i) there is a unanimous and definitive decision of 
the board of directors of Telenet NV to cease any direct or indirect development, installation or 
exploitation of its telecommunications network in Belgium, (ii) Telenet NV or Telenet Vlaanderen NV 
is declared bankrupt or placed into liquidation, (iii) certain provisions of the articles of association 
(“statuten”) of Telenet Vlaanderen NV are amended in any way that is detrimental to the rights of 
Interkabel without Interkabel’s written consent, (iv) the director of Telenet Vlaanderen NV nominated 
by Interkabel is dismissed for any reason without Interkabel’s written consent and such director is not 
replaced by another director nominated by Interkabel or (v) Telenet Vlaanderen NV ceases to be an 
affiliate of Telenet NV. However, in each such case of early termination, the usage rights will not be 
terminated if Telenet Vlaanderen NV is replaced by a Replacing Entity (as defined in the Interkabel 
Contribution Deed) within a certain time period. Telenet Vlaanderen NV has pre-emptive rights, with 
certain exceptions, with respect to any proposed transfer by Interkabel or any of Fluvius Antwerpen, 
Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West and PBE of its respective interests in the network, or transfers by the 
latter of shares in Interkabel, at the price offered by a third party. For as long as Telenet Vlaanderen NV

--- Page 172 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
172 
has the usage rights on the network under the Interkabel Contribution Deed, Interkabel has pre-emptive 
rights, with certain exceptions for transfers to certain affiliates, with respect to any proposed transfer of 
Telenet Vlaanderen NV shares, at the price offered by a third party. Interkabel and the relevant 
Guarantors have agreed not to dissolve their co-ownership structure in respect of the network voluntarily 
without the consent of Telenet Vlaanderen NV. The Issuer made use of the possibility provided for in 
the 2008 Telenet Agreement to use the cable network to offer services to provinces, cities, municipalities 
and related local governments and public entities located in the area of the aforementioned Guarantors 
and started a number of CATV grid-related services (Fluvius-LAN-net, Fluvius-TEL-net and Fluvius-
INTER-net, together called “Fluvius Net”): 

Fluvius-LAN-net consists of a Local Area Network which links, through the cable network, all 
the buildings and services of the municipalities and allows for the exchange of information 
between these services.  

Fluvius-TEL-net consists of a telephone service over the cable network between the different 
services of the municipalities.  

Fluvius-INTER-net provides access to broadband internet to the municipality services and the 
schools.  
The main characteristic of these services is that they are only available in municipalities where a relevant 
Guarantor owns the cable network. It should be noted, however, that following a review of its corporate 
strategy, the Issuer has decided to divest the aforementioned CATV grid-related services to local 
authorities, on the express condition that the new operator takes over these activities at the same (or 
improved) financial conditions for the local authorities and at the same (or improved) service levels. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, the divestment programme has not yet started and no specific target 
date has been put forward as this will largely depend on market circumstances and responses. 
The legal basis for the CATV activity is based, on the one hand, on the federal Law of 13 June 2005 
regarding electronic communication (published on 20 June 2005, which covers telecom and internet 
cables) and, on the other hand, on the Flemish Media Decree of 27 March 2009 (published on 27 March 
2009, which covers CATV cables).  
Fast data network 
On 26 June 202088, the Issuer formally announced the start of talks with Telenet about the realisation of 
a fast data network of the future for the Flemish Region. The Issuer had taken this step after having set 
up five fibre-to-the-home (“FTTH”) pilot projects covering in total 15,000 homes passed (in Antwerp, 
Genk, Ghent, Diksmuide and Poperinge) and in which it only provides the open fibre infrastructure 
without offering any services. The pilot projects prompted the Issuer’s concern that, in the long term, a 
new digital divide may arise in Flanders with certain regions and customers gaining access to new, faster 
data connections, while others might completely lag behind. A potential partnership with Telenet would 
allow for the development of a high-quality and fast data network for all customers. 
On 28 October 202189, the talks between the Issuer and Telenet led to the entry into a non-binding term 
sheet between both parties, which sets out the framework for the realisation of the “data network of the 
future” and the joint roll-out of FTTH technology. To this end, both companies intend to create a new 
88  For the entire text of the press release, see https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-06/fluvius-and-telenet-talk-about-data-netwerk-of-
the-future.pdf. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
89 For the entire text of the press release, see https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2021-10/press-release-fluvius-and-telenet-reach-non-
binding-agreement.pdf. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 173 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
173 
self-funding independent infrastructure company, to which they intend to contribute their existing hybrid 
fibre coaxial and fibre assets and through which they intend to develop newly-built fibre assets in the 
future. 
The Issuer’s main goals in relation to the development of the “data network of the future” are: 

to create a fibre data network that is available to all Flemish families and businesses, both in 
urban and rural areas;

to create an open network with an open structure and non-discriminatory conditions allowing full 
and free competition between service companies;

to create a new data network that will, in the long term, allow even higher data speeds than today; 
and 

the roll-out to take place at the lowest possible social cost and in a sustainable way.  
Within the business of the Issuer, this activity will be carried out completely independently from its 
regulated energy distribution activities. 
5
Selected Financial Information Concerning the Issuer and the Fluvius Economic Group  
5.1
Selected historical financial information of the Issuer for the financial years ended on 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 
The following tables set out in summary form certain information from the statement of financial 
position, the income statement and the cash flow statement relating to the Issuer. The information has 
been extracted from the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021.  
The audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 have been approved by the Issuer’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 
26 May 2021. The audited, consolidated financial annual statements of the Issuer as of and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 are put forward for approval by the Issuer’s Annual General Meeting of 
Shareholders on 8 June 2022. 
These audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS. The Issuer’s auditor delivered an unqualified report on these audited consolidated annual 
financial statements both for the year ended 31 December 2020 and for the year ended 31 December 
2021.

--- Page 174 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
174 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and for the 
years then ended
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and 
for the years then ended

--- Page 175 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
175 
Consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and for 
the years then ended

--- Page 176 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
176 
Consolidated cash-flow statement as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and for the years 
then ended 
5.2
Selected consolidated historical financial information of Fluvius Economic Group for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and for the years then ended 
The following tables set out in summary form certain information from the statement of financial 
position, the statement of profit or loss, the statement of comprehensive income and the cash flow 
statement relating to the Fluvius Economic Group. The information has been extracted from the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of the Fluvius Economic Group for the years ended 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. These consolidated statements of the Fluvius Economic 
Group have been prepared in accordance with IFRS.

--- Page 177 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
177 
The statutory auditor of the Fluvius Economic Group has issued an unqualified opinion on both of these 
audited consolidated annual financial statements. These however contain an emphasis of matter 
paragraph which describes the specificities of the regulatory framework and tariffs and the related 
accounting treatment, as well as the uncertainties related to the balances resulting from the tariff 
settlement mechanism. 
Fluvius Economic Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss as at 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021 and for the years then ended
Fluvius Economic Group’s consolidated statement of comprehensive income as at 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2021 and for the years then ended

--- Page 178 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
178 
Fluvius Economic Group’s consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021 and for the years then ended

--- Page 179 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
179 
Fluvius Economic Group’s consolidated cash-flow statement as at 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021 and for the years then ended 
5.3
Financing policy of the Fluvius Economic Group  
General 
For its activities, the Fluvius Economic Group attracts financing from various sources. The Fluvius 
Economic Group primarily addresses short-term funding needs through its commercial paper 
programme as well as through various short-term revolving credit facilities. All bond and note financing 
of the Fluvius Economic Group is entered into by Fluvius System Operator and guaranteed by the 
Guarantors. No third parties have granted guarantees in respect of the indebtedness of the Fluvius

--- Page 180 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
180 
Economic Group. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not subject to any financial 
covenant, nor has it granted any security, under its financing arrangements.
It is the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ intention to move in the long term towards a balance sheet structure 
for each individual Guarantor in which a maximum of up to 60 per cent. of their assets is financed 
through debt (for regulatory purposes calculated according to Belgian GAAP). This proportion was 
established by the VREG in its tariff methodology for the determination of the Guarantors’ distribution 
tariffs for both electricity and gas. However, for credit rating purposes and, more specifically, in order 
to maintain a favourable credit rating with the rating agencies Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. and 
Creditreform Rating AG, the Fluvius Economic Group aims to retain a sufficient level of equity on its 
balance sheet.
As at 31 December 2021, 21.33% of the total indebtedness of the Fluvius Economic Group was directly 
incurred by the Guarantors (compared to 27.11% as at 31 December 2020).
Long-term financing90
The total amount of long-term interest-bearing debt of the Fluvius Economic Group that is currently 
outstanding amounts to EUR 6,710.9 million as of 31 December 2021 (compared to EUR 6,015.9 million 
as at 31 December 2020).
The Fluvius Economic Group strives to optimise the maturity profile of its debt. The principal amounts 
and interests to be paid by the Fluvius Economic Group on its long-term financing are set out in the 
maturity profile below (situation as at 31 December 2021, taking into account the current position of 
long-term financing):
Long-term financing is obtained through a broad range of financial instruments: bank loans, 
(sub)benchmark bonds, retail bonds and private placement debt instruments. Such financing enables the 
Guarantors to finance their investment and operational activities. All funds raised by the Issuer are 
entirely passed through to the Guarantors at the same conditions of maturity and interest rates. 
All bank loans are directly entered into by the DSOs themselves, after a tendering procedure carried out 
by the Issuer on their behalf. So, the amounts raised through bank loans do not figure on the Issuer’s 
statements of financial position. On the other hand, bonds and private placement debt instruments are 
issued by Fluvius System Operator and guaranteed by the Guarantors. The amounts thus raised are 
immediately passed through to the Guarantors. As a consequence, the amounts raised in bonds and 
private placement debt instruments are figuring both as a liability to bondholders and as an asset (a 
90 This includes the current portion of the long-term financing.

--- Page 181 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
181 
receivable, payable by the Guarantors to the Issuer) on the Issuer’s statement of financial position in the 
annual financial statements. In April 2021, the Issuer drew the first two tranches (for a total amount of 
EUR 200 million and a 7-year maturity) under a EUR 425 million credit facility granted by the European 
Investment Bank (EIB). The loans are guaranteed on a several and proportionate but not joint basis by 
the ten Guarantors with electricity distribution activities. The proceeds are to be used to finance the 
investments in digital metering for electricity. Also in April 2021, the Issuer realised a private placement 
under the Programme for an amount of EUR 100 million with a 12-year maturity. Through this 
transaction, the Issuer was able to reduce its short-term financing. In June 2021, the Issuer realised an 
EMTN benchmark bond transaction for an amount of EUR 500 million with a 7-year maturity. These 
proceeds are to be used to finance the investments in gas distribution in the period 2022-2026 and to 
reduce the short-term financing in the Publi-T participation. In November 2021, the Issuer realised an 
EMTN benchmark bond transaction for an amount of EUR 600 million with a 10-year maturity. These 
proceeds are to be used as well to finance the investments in gas distribution and to reduce the short-
term financing in the heating grids activity and public lighting activity.
A complete overview of the outstanding bonds and private placement debt instruments as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus is presented in the following table (in order of maturity). These bonds and private 
placement instruments all have a fixed interest rate.

--- Page 182 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
182 
The Schuldschein and Namensschuldverschreibung debt instruments mentioned in the table above are 
long-term debt instruments under German law.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Fluvius Economic Group is not in default under any covenants 
set out in long-term financing agreements.
Short-term financing 
The Fluvius Economic Group has the benefit of various financing arrangements for a total amount of 
EUR 925 million to cater for its short-term financing needs. See the following table for more details 
(situation as at 31 December 2021):
As at 31 December 2021, EUR 485.2 million short-term financing was outstanding (compared to 
EUR 572.6 million as at 31 December 2020).
The Information Memorandum on the Issuer’s Commercial Paper (CP) programme dated February 2019 
is available on the Issuer’s website: https://www.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2019-11/cp-fluvius-info-
memo-2019.pdf. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.
Facility 
Amount 
Counterparties 
Committed? 
Cash facility / straight 
loan 
EUR 225 million  
2 banks 
yes 
Revolving credit 
EUR 200 million  
1 bank 
yes 
Commercial Paper 
programme 
EUR 500 million  
4 banks 
no

--- Page 183 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
183 
6
Legal and arbitration procedures  
6.1
Legal and arbitration proceedings of the Issuer  
Legal Proceedings  
With the exception of the proceedings about the gas explosion in Wilrijk (see below), the Issuer is 
currently not involved in any other governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or have had 
in the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer. 

Gas explosion in Wilrijk (Antwerp): At the request of the public prosecutor’s office in Antwerp, the 
free-trial court (raadkamer) referred, on 30 September 2020, the Issuer, its CEO and its Director 
Grid Operations to the First Instance Criminal Court (correctionele rechtbank) for their possible 
involvement in the gas explosion in Wilrijk (Antwerp) on 3 September 2019. One person died and 
three people were severely injured by this explosion, and it caused considerable material damage. 
Pleadings before the First Instance Criminal Court of Antwerp took place in March 2021 and the 
Issuer argued extensively to show that the company, its managers and employees are not to blame 
for these tragic events. In April 2021, the court ruled the acquittal of both managers and the simple 
declaration of guilt of the Issuer with suspension of sentence. On 27 May 2021, the Issuer lodged 
an appeal against this judgment in respect of the declaration of guilt. A first hearing before the Court 
of Appeal took place on 18 May 2022 and it was decided to appoint an expert to provide an opinion 
on the circumstances of the explosion. A judgment is expected following the submission of the 
expert’s opinion. In addition, a civil procedure is also ongoing before the Enterprise Court in 
Antwerp in relation to the claims of those affected. This procedure is on hold until the Court of 
Appeal rules in the criminal case. 

On 14 January 2021, the Belgian Constitutional Court (Grondwettelijk Hof) struck down various 
provisions of the Decree of the Flemish Region of 26 April 2019 amending the Energy Decree of 8 
May 2009 in respect of the roll-out of digital meters and amending Article 7.1.1, 7.1.2 and 7.1.5 of 
that Decree introducing digital meters. More specifically, the Court struck down the temporary 
maintenance of the compensation mechanism (the “reversing electricity meter”) and the prosumer 
tariff. The Court further annulled the charging to grid users of the costs of installing smart meters 
and putting them into service, as well as the ability to cut off users from the electricity grid if they 
obstruct the installation of a smart meter, unless an opinion is first obtained from the Local Advisory 
Committee (LAC). Lastly, the Court held that every grid user should be able to choose to have wired 
communications to and from the smart meter rather than wireless. The annulment took effect as 
from the publication of the judgment in the Belgian State Gazette on 1 March 2021 and does not 
apply retroactively. 
The judgment has far-reaching consequences for the Issuer and other market participants. In 
conjunction with the Flemish Minister for Energy and the Flemish energy regulator VREG, the 
Issuer has decided to temporarily suspend the accelerated switch to smart meters for existing 
prosumers and not to restart it until new, approved legislation is in place. Smart meters are still being 
installed in specific situations, such as replacements for faulty meters, overcoupling with voltage 
changes, tariff changes (from single hourly tariff to time-of-use tariff), enhancements or meters 
installed on request. 
The Issuer has abandoned the target of providing smart meters to all solar panel owners by the end 
of 2022. They will now be included in the accelerated geographical roll-out and will receive smart

--- Page 184 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
184 
meters over the period from 2021 to 2029. The general targets remain in place: 80% smart meters 
by 2024 and universal smart metering by 1 July 2029. 
Prosumers who already have a smart meter, will no longer have to pay the prosumer tariff. Since 
the publication of the judgment of the Constitutional Court in the Belgian State Gazette (on 
1 March 2021), their electricity bills are based on the electricity that they actually offtake from the 
grid (including energy cost, standing charges, kWh-based taxes and VAT). They are able to obtain 
payment from their supplier for the electricity they feed in. This system also applies to new 
prosumers who joined as from 1 January 2021. 
The VREG has now adjusted the 2021-2024 distribution tariff methodology in line with the 
judgment of the Constitutional Court (VREG decision 2021-07). This change also took effect as 
from the publication date of the judgment of the Constitutional Court. 
Further discussions are still ongoing with the Flemish government and the VREG on a number of 
points, such as the specific approach to customers who claim to be sensitive to electromagnetic 
radiation. In collaboration with the VREG and the Flemish government, the Issuer is implementing 
an action plan towards grid users that refused a digital meter for unjustified reasons. This approach 
aims at the enforced instalment of a digital meter via Court order, by lack of an amicable solution. 
Insurance Proceedings  
The Issuer is currently not involved in any insurance proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or have had in the twelve months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuer.  
6.2
Legal and arbitration proceedings of the Guarantors  
Legal Proceedings  
The summary below gives an overview of the proceedings that may have a material impact on one or 
more of the Guarantors as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 

DSOs – distribution tariffs: Zonstraal VZW is disputing the prosumer’s tariff (VREG tariff 
methodology 2015-2016). Claimant brought the case before both the Brussels’ Court of Appeal and 
the Council of State (Raad van State). The latter has declared itself competent (8 June 2017). In a 
second proceeding on the same matter (but relating to the tariff methodology 2017-2020 established 
by the Flemish energy regulator, the VREG), this time before the Markets Court (Marktenhof), the 
Markets Court ruled on 22 November 2017 in favour of the VREG. Since this ruling, no new 
elements or evolutions have appeared. Regardless of the outcome of the proceedings, the DSOs will 
not be subject to any material adverse financial impact, since they are able to pass through any 
potential costs in the distribution grid tariffs.  

DSOs – case brought by Essent Belgium NV: The Guarantors are involved in proceedings before the 
Court of First Instance of Brussels regarding former Flemish Region legislation that organised the 
free distribution of green energy and which was abolished in 2005. The proceedings were initiated 
in March 2004 by supplier Essent Belgium NV against the Flemish Region. The Guarantors as well 
as the Flemish energy regulator, the VREG, were forced to intervene in these proceedings. In 
summary, Essent claims that the legal framework that organised the free distribution of green energy 
breached principles of EU and Belgian constitutional law since only green energy that was produced 
in Belgium or in the Flemish Region was illegible for free distribution, whereas Essent imported 
green energy that was produced abroad. The Guarantors billed Essent distribution costs for an

--- Page 185 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
185 
amount of approximately EUR 4.7 million. Essent Belgium contests that these amounts are due and 
claims the reimbursement of the costs that it paid already (approximately EUR 1,045,000). In 
addition, Essent Belgium NV claims compensation from the Flemish Region. In an intermediary 
ruling dated 2 September 2014, the Court of First Instance of Brussels submitted a prejudicial 
question to the European Court of Justice regarding the compatibility of the Flemish legal 
framework on the free distribution of green energy with EU law. In October 2014, certain of the 
Guarantors summoned Essent Belgium NV before the Antwerp Court of First Instance for the 
payment of their distribution costs to avoid prescription of the underlying invoices; these 
proceedings have not yet been activated. Inter Energa had already summoned Essent in December 
2008 before the Hasselt Court to obtain payment of its invoices; the Court accepted this claim and 
Essent appealed the Hasselt Court's ruling. In a ruling dated 29 September 2016, the European Court 
of Justice considered that the relevant legal framework on the free distribution of green energy was 
indeed not in line with EU law. On 16 April 2021, the Brussels Court of First Instance ruled in 
favour of the Guarantors and parties entered into a settlement agreement on 29 July 2021, pursuant 
to which all of the ongoing court proceedings between Essent Belgium NV and the Guarantors were 
terminated. 

Proximus litigation: The Antwerp Court of Appeal ruled on 18 December 2017 on the claim for 
damages brought by the telecom operator Proximus against Interkabel and the Guarantors with 
CATV activities. Proximus’s claim was rejected by the Court of Appeal. At the end of June 2019, 
Proximus decided to file an appeal with the Court of Cassation against this judgment of the Antwerp 
Court of Appeal. Interkabel and the Guarantors involved in this case filed their conclusions to the 
Court of Cassation on 27 September 2019. Telenet also filed their conclusions. On 22 January 2021, 
the Court of Cassation ruled that the judgment of the Court of Appeal of Antwerp should be partially 
annulled. The partial annulment only relates to the point that the Antwerp Court of Appeal did not 
sufficiently justify its rejection of Proximus’s demand to annul the agreement between Telenet and 
the DSOs, but does not express an opinion on this point. In order to examine and rule on this, the 
case is referred to the Brussels Court of Appeal for a retrial on this point. The Court of Cassation 
did not annul the rejection by the Antwerp Court of Appeal of Proximus’s claim for compensation, 
which may therefore be definitively rejected. Proximus has reintroduced before the Brussels Court 
of Appeal amongst others a claim for compensation (for EUR 1.00 provisionally) for the supposed 
wrongful closure and execution of the agreement with Telenet. However, the contracts between 
Telenet and the DSOs contain an indemnity clause in favour of the relevant DSOs which limits the 
DSOs’ liability to a maximum amount of EUR 20 million in case of a negative outcome of the 
judicial proceedings. Any amounts exceeding EUR 20 million will have to be borne by Telenet. An 
amount of EUR 20 million has been recognised in the DSO accounts as a provision (this provision 
is only recognised in the Belgian GAAP accounts, not in the accounts according to IFRS). 
Insurance Proceedings  
In the course of their normal activities, the Guarantors are confronted with a large number of insurance 
proceedings that are separately not material but taken all together could have a material impact on the 
financial position or profitability of one or more Guarantors. In the following paragraph an aggregated 
overview of the insurance proceedings in which at least one of the Guarantors is involved is presented. 
Note that not all of the disputes listed below have led or will lead to a legal proceeding, taking into 
account that many of them are expected to be settled amicably by agreement between the DSO and the 
end user. 
As for the period from 1 January 2021 until 31 December 2021:

--- Page 186 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
186 

the Guarantors were involved in 7,862 claims of third parties, of which 160 were under 
consideration of their insurer. Claims were paid out to third parties for a total amount of EUR 
2,031,303.77;

the Guarantors closed 16 cases which were pending in legal proceedings, of which 3 were under 
consideration of their insurer. Claims were paid out to third parties for a total amount of 
EUR 141,618 in relation to these closed legal proceedings;

6,216 debit notes were outstanding for a total amount of EUR 6,804,369.05 and EUR 5,985,671.83 
was collected by third parties relating to property damages. 
7
Significant changes in the financial position and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantors  
7.1
Significant changes in the financial position and prospects of the Issuer  
Trend information 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer and no material adverse 
change in the Issuer’s prospects since 31 December 2021. 
Investments
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the annual investment budgets for the period 2022-2025 are as 
follows (all figures in the table below are expressed in EUR million and represent net investments, i.e., 
the investments after deduction of the financial contribution by the end users)91:  
Activity 
2022 
2023 
2024 
2025 
Electricity distribution 
608.5 
567.8 
524.7 
562.0 
Gas distribution 
255.0 
215.1 
184.6 
246.9 
Public lighting 
66.3 
63.4 
62.3 
60.2 
Sewerage 
103.0 
118.1 
133.8 
133.6 
CATV / FTTH  
31.3 
28.4 
27.8 
26.8 
Others92
21.0 
19.0 
25.0 
22.6 
TOTAL 
1,085.0 
1,011.8 
958.3 
1,052.2 
7.2
Significant changes in the financial position and prospects of the Guarantors  
Trend information 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Guarantors and no material adverse 
change in the Guarantors’ prospects since 31 December 2021. However, reference is made to the ongoing 
negative impact of the tariff methodology for the distribution of gas and electricity, as established by the 
VREG for the tariff period 2021-2024. For more information, please refer to (i) section 4.1.4 – ‘The 
91 Please note that the annual investment budgets will be revised in December 2022.  
92  The other investments include investments in buildings, vehicles, etc.

--- Page 187 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
187 
DSOs’ regulatory tariffs in historical perspective’ – ‘(c) The tariff period 2021-2024’ in Part VII – 
‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’ and (ii) the risk factor entitled “The tariff methodology for 
the period 2021-2024 and future regulations or changes to gas, electricity and/or sewerage tarification, 
for example if these are not in line with the European internal energy market (if applicable), may have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ assigned credit ratings, ability to obtain funding 
and, hence, on their operational performance.” 
Investments
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantors have not made any firm commitments on other 
future investments in electricity and gas in addition to those in their short- and long-term investment 
plans to be approved by the VREG.  
8
Statutory Auditors charged with the statutory audit 
The statutory auditor of the Issuer and each of the Guarantors is EY (EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV), represented by 
Mr Marnix Van Dooren, Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12, 9051 Ghent (Belgium). 
EY (EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV), represented by Mr Marnix Van Dooren, Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12, 9051 
Ghent (Belgium), furthermore performs the audit procedures on the financial statements of the Fluvius 
Economic Group. 
The statutory auditor for Fluvius OV is: 
EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by Mr Marnix Van Dooren 
Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12, 9051 Ghent (Belgium) 
The statutory auditor for De Stroomlijn, consolidated subsidiary of Fluvius System Operator, is: 
Figurad Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by Mr Stefaan Beirens 
J.B. de Ghellincklaan 21, 9051 Sint-Denijs-Westrem (Ghent, Belgium)  
The statutory auditor for Atrias, consolidated subsidiary of Fluvius System Operator, is: 
RdB BV, represented by Mr Renaud de Borman 
Lange Eikstraat 3, 1970 Wezembeek-Oppem (Belgium)  
The statutory auditor for Synductis, consolidated subsidiary of Fluvius System Operator, is: 
Figurad Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by Mr Stefaan Beirens 
J.B. de Ghellincklaan 21, 9051 Sint-Denijs-Westrem (Ghent, Belgium)  
The statutory auditor for Interkabel, entity within the Fluvius Economic Group, is: 
EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV, represented by Mr Marnix Van Dooren 
Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12, 9051 Ghent (Belgium) 
Each of the statutory auditors of the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Issuer’s consolidated subsidiaries is a 
member of the Belgian “Instituut van de Bedrijfsrevisoren/Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises”.

--- Page 188 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
188 
9
Trends in the markets in which the Issuer and the Guarantors are active  
9.1
Trends identified in the Flemish Government Agreement 2019-2024, the Flemish Energy & 
Climate Plan and the “Core Activities Debate” 
Flemish Government Agreement 2019-2024 
The current Flemish Government, which took office early October 2019 for a five-year period, has 
outlined a number of objectives on energy policy in its coalition government agreement (the “Flemish 
Government Agreement”)93 . The items impacting the Issuer and the Guarantors are briefly set out 
below. 
As from 2021 onwards, large-scale allotment projects and large apartment buildings are only connected 
to the gas distribution grid for collective heating through CHP or in a combination with a renewable 
system as the main source of heating. Additionally, a fuel-based heating system cannot be replaced if a 
gas distribution grid is available in the street. Based on profitability calculations by Fluvius, the tariff 
methodology was amended to reflect the fact that Fluvius no longer needs to contribute to the cost for 
an extension or reinforcement of the low-pressure gas grid to connect new residential buildings, and 
limited to 19 metres from the existing gas grid for non-residential connections. 
For digital metering, the aim is to obtain a maximum roll-out in the period 2019-2024. The energy 
distributors were called upon to urgently build and implement a highly performant, cost-efficient and 
future-proof software platform for the exchange of data delivered by the digital meters installed on the 
grid, named Atrias. The Atrias software platform went live on 1 November 2021 and has been gradually 
phased in for its users until it reached full functionality on13 December 2021.  
The DSOs and the Issuer as their operating company should implement an analytical accounting system 
in which their regulated and non-regulated (energy) activities are being separated. This should enhance 
transparency and financial stability, and avoid possible cross-subsidies between activities94. The Flemish 
Government also announced an inquiry into the activities currently carried out by the DSOs and the 
Issuer. Their core activity should be an efficiently operated distribution grid which is able to tackle future 
challenges in an affordable way. Further simplifications in the landscape of the Flemish electricity and 
gas DSOs are also put forward. 
In public lighting, all infrastructure is switched to LED-technology by 2030. Public lighting maintenance 
costs have been eliminated from the distribution grid fees. Dimming, turning off and the smart 
management of public lighting are mentioned as means to reduce light pollution.95
DSOs will not be allowed to own, develop, manage or operate infrastructure for energy storage. 
A reform of the current certificate mechanism for green power and CHP was announced. Support 
mechanisms for sustainable biomass and biogas when injected into the gas distribution networks or when 
used for industrial or collective heat generation will be elaborated.  
93 The full text can be consulted at https://www.vlaanderen.be/publicaties/regeerakkoord-van-de-vlaamse-regering-2019-2024. Information 
contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
94 For the avoidance of doubt, no specific deadline has been set by the legislator for the implementation of the analytical accounting system. 
Furthermore, as the analytical accounting system will be separately maintained, it is not expected to impact the comparability of the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer against its financial statements in relation to the preceding years. 
95 By decision of the Flemish Government, as from 1 January 2022, the DSOs’ public service obligation of operating the municipal public 
lighting infrastructure was abolished. Consequently, the relevant costs are no longer to be borne by these DSOs (and thus integrated into the 
electricity grid tariffs), but by the municipal authorities themselves.

--- Page 189 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
189 
As regards regulation, the Flemish Government will strive towards one single regulatory body for grid-
related infrastructure (electricity, gas, heat, cable, water, sewerage, etc.) and media.  
The development of district heating will be incentivised by evaluating, amongst other things, the relevant 
regulatory framework. The Flemish Region will support local authorities in drawing up a heat plan. The 
most cost-efficient model for building and managing district heating grids on the public domain will be 
investigated.  
For the sewerage activity, the Flemish Government plans to adapt the tariff structures for drinking water 
and wastewater. The current financing mechanisms for the municipalities and Aquafin will be amended 
as well with the aim to evolve into a more result-driven, flexible and programme-based approach 
(simplified procedures, more responsibility in the division of activities between the Flemish 
environmental agency VMM96 and the sewerage operators). Closer coordination between sewerage 
operators and other stakeholders in sewerage investments (other utilities, public domain) will be 
promoted. Sewerage asset management should be coordinated between Aquafin and the sewerage 
operators. An analytical accounting system should be implemented. 
In its climate policy, the Flemish Government formulated its ambition to substantially increase energy 
efficiency by enhancing the share of renewable and low-carbon energy sources in the total energy mix. 
Greenhouse gas emissions in Flanders should be reduced with 80% by 2050 with the ambition to reach 
complete climate-neutrality. 
The surplus costs on the end consumers’ energy bill should not increase due to this Flemish policy. Extra 
focus will be on the battle against energy poverty. The digital meter should enable the timely detection 
of budget derailments.  
Flemish Climate & Energy Plan 2021-2030 
On 9 December 2019, the Flemish Government approved the Flemish Energy and Climate Plan. This 
plan is part of the Belgian Climate and Energy Plan 2021-2030, which was submitted to the European 
Commission on 31 December 2019.  
The Flemish Energy and Climate Plan expressly mentions the Issuer in relation to its role as data provider 
and its involvement in digitalising the energy system, in upgrading and reinforcing the distribution grids 
as an answer to the growing volumes of intermittent energy and electrification. A maximum roll-out of 
digital metering is proposed for 2024 and the replacement of the classic budget meter by digital ones by 
2021. 
Other major topics relevant to the Issuer and the Guarantors are:  

boosting energy efficiency in the industrial, residential and transport sector;

accelerating the process of renewable energy; and

the digital management of energy services and technology. 
Finally, the Flemish Energy and Climate Plan also mentions that the Issuer (as well as gas transport 
company Fluxys) should reduce methane emissions in gas transport and distribution. 
96 VMM has responsibilities in three domains: air, water and the environment. It helps in avoiding, reducing and eliminating detrimental effects 
in water systems and the atmosphere. It reports on the overall condition of the environment in Flanders and it tries to realise these objectives 
through the integral water policy.

--- Page 190 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
190 
Core activities debate 
Apart from the 2019-2024 Flemish Government Agreement discussed above, the Flemish authorities 
(i.e., the Flemish government and the Flemish parliament) have engaged in the so-called “Core Activities 
Debate” (in Dutch “kerntakendebat”). The aim of this is to define what activities and which scope of 
activities the Issuer and the Guarantors can (and cannot) engage in in the future. The debate should 
define what tasks are entrusted to regulated entities such as the Issuer and the Guarantors, what should 
be performed by the authorities and what is left to the commercial market. This should - in the view of 
those politically responsible - ultimately lead to a situation in which the Guarantors and the Issuer can 
concentrate themselves to a maximum degree on their core activity: managing an efficient distribution 
grid which is able to tackle tomorrow’s challenges. As such, the debate looks into the Issuer’s and the 
Guarantors’ current activities (energy distribution, public lighting, district heating, sewerage, CATV 
infrastructure, data management, fibre-to-the-home, etc..), but also into other activities, such as water 
distribution, telecom, etc.  
In line with the broad outcome of the said “Core Activities Debate” referred to above, as well as the 
implementation of rules resulting from the Clean Energy Package referred to below, the Issuer decided 
to divest a number of non-core activities, including, for example, purchase services for municipalities 
(e.g. electric/CNG vehicles), Fluvius Net services (internet, telephony, LAN), Fluvius GIS services and 
Fluvius Center (data centre). The divestment programme will be carried out in close consultation with 
the Guarantors’ shareholders and is conditional on the new operator guaranteeing the continuation of the 
service at (at least) the same financial and service conditions. Other than the satisfaction of this 
precondition, no specific timeline applies to the implementation of the divestment programme. 
9.2
Trends in the energy sector 
The main challenge identified for energy distribution grid management in Flanders and elsewhere is the 
energy transition, i.e., the switch of the energy system into a decentralised and decarbonised (and often 
also digitalised) energy system. This general trend is supported by a wide array of initiatives taken at the 
European policy level. For the Flemish DSOs (the Guarantors) and their operating company (the Issuer) 
this means that their overall role evolves from being a grid operator into being a system operator.  
Between 1996 and 2009, three consecutive legislative packages have been adopted at the European level, 
containing measures related to the liberalisation of the gas and power markets, including through the 
unbundling of transmission and distribution from other activities, open, non-discriminatory access to 
markets and networks, the transparency of the market and the market regulations, the protection of 
consumers, the improvement of interconnections and the safeguarding of a sufficient supply. In addition, 
the EU 2030 and 2050 climate-related targets have had and still have an important impact on the overall 
energy market and the investments in the sector in which the Issuer and the Guarantors are operating.  
The Issuer has identified a number of general trends in the energy sector. These can be summarised as 
follows:  
1.
the energy landscape: synergies between utilities and the commitment of the end customer (e.g. 
intelligent metering, storage, flexibility and demand-response); 
2.
the energy demand and energy independence: changes in the energy mix with increasing 
electrification and a decrease in natural gas consumption, with the latter potentially offset by an 
increase in LNG, hydrogen and biogas consumption;
3.
energy production: more decentralised electricity, energy communities, heat generation and 
“green gas” and hydrogen production;

--- Page 191 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
191 
4.
managing demand and supply; centralised and decentralised supply and demand management – 
new players in an adapted market model; 
5.
grid management: micro grids and new technological advances in grid management.  
The so-called “Clean Energy Package”, adopted in 2019, which has been implemented, amongst others, 
by a Flemish Decree of 2 April 2021 (as published on 28 May 2021 with entry into force on 7 June 
2021), contains a wide range of measures to strengthen the internal energy market. For the Guarantors 
and their operating company (the Issuer), the most notable elements in this Clean Energy Package 
include the following: 

the proposed cooperation between DSOs at EU level through a new, to be established EU DSO 
entity, which will be tasked with, among other things, the planning of distribution networks, the 
integration of renewables, digitalisation and the cooperation with TSOs within the European 
Union;

the Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on common rules for the internal 
market for electricity requires EU Member States to ensure a competitive, consumer-oriented, 
flexible and non-discriminatory electricity market organisation;

dynamic electricity price contracts will be allowed, thanks to the introduction of digital metering;

the distribution grids will need to be able to cope with more active customers, since all final 
customers will be entitled to act as active customers, i.e., they will consume, store or self-generate 
electricity;

DSOs will need to facilitate flexibility and storage under certain conditions, as well as the 
development of recharging infrastructure for electric vehicles. 
On Wednesday 14 July 2021, the European Commission took a major step towards accomplishing its 
ambitious goal of making Europe the first climate neutral continent by 2050, as enshrined in the EU 
Climate Law, by adopting a package of proposals amending the EU’s climate, energy, land use, transport 
and taxation policies with a view to reducing net greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by at least 55% by 
2030 (the “Fit for 55” package).97 A second batch of “Fit for 55” proposals was published in December 
2021. The package includes, amongst other things, proposed revisions of the following Directives and 
Regulations: 

the Energy Efficiency Directive (Directive (EU) 2018/2002);

the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive (Directive (EU) 2018/844);

the Renewable Energy Directive (Directive (EU) 2018/2001);

the Energy Taxation Directive (Directive 2003/96/EC); and 

the Gas Market Directive (Directive 2009/73/EC) and Regulation (Regulation (EC) No 715/2009) 
(the hydrogen and gas markets decarbonisation package). 
It further includes proposals for a new Methane Emissions Regulation, a Cross-Border Adjustment 
Mechanism (CBAM), a reform of the EU ETS and a Green Mobility Package (amending and introducing 
various existing and new legislation around transport and mobility). 
97 All proposals and the Communication are available at https://ec.europa.eu/info/strategy/priorities-2019-2024/european-green-deal/delivering-
european-green-deal_en. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 192 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
192 
The Commission is proposing a combination of stricter regulation and emissions standards for the 
industry, carbon pricing and taxation, as well as rules to promote investment in low-carbon fuels, 
technologies and infrastructure. Although the package will affect most business sectors, the carbon-
intensive energy, transport and buildings sectors will bear the greatest brunt. If the package becomes 
law, the Guarantors and the Issuer will be impacted in terms of their tasks and obligations, in particular 
in relation to energy efficiency and the integration of renewables into the grid. Throughout 2022 and 
possibly 2023, the Commission’s proposals will be considered and negotiated by the Council (i.e., the 
Member States) and the European Parliament during trilogue negotiations in a procedure known as 
comitology. While the proposals are interconnected, the timing and fate of each individual proposal will 
to a large extent be independent of the other proposals in the package. 
The European Commission has in addition proposed on 8 March 2022 an outline of a plan 
(REPowerEU)98 to make Europe independent from Russian fossil fuels well before 2030, starting with 
gas, in light of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. This plan also outlines a series of measures to respond to 
rising energy prices in Europe and to replenish gas stocks for next winter (including a joint procurement 
mechanism for natural gas). Europe has been facing increased energy prices for several months, but now 
uncertainty regarding supply is exacerbating the problem. REPowerEU will seek to diversify gas 
(including LNG) supplies, speed up the roll-out of renewable gases and replace gas in heating and power 
generation. The aim is to reduce the EU’s demand for Russian gas by two thirds before the end of the 
year. 
Decentralised Electricity Generation  
The Issuer and the Guarantors have already for a number of years been faced with a steady increase in 
the number of installations for decentralised electricity generation (e.g. solar modules, CHP, wind 
turbines and others) that are or need to be connected to the distribution grid. This puts pressure on the 
traditional design of the electricity distribution grid. As more and more end users inject electricity into 
the distribution grid themselves – rather than only being off-takers of electricity – the distribution 
network design needs to reflect and cater for a bidirectional use of the distribution network. This trend 
has also impacted the volumes of electricity being transported over the DSOs’ distribution grids. The 
Issuer has noted that the growth rate in the number of photovoltaic installations is volatile, due to a 
number of external factors such as the applicable subsidy mechanisms, public perception of solar panels 
as a sensible investment and the price development of solar installations compared to the price 
development of electricity for the Flemish end-consumers. Insufficient investments in electricity 
distribution grids might lead to insufficient capacity of these grids, associated with higher risks for fall-
outs, grid disturbances and a poorer quality of electricity delivery. 
Another important evolution is the development of offshore wind farms in the Belgian part of the North 
Sea (this relates to the future Princess Elizabeth zone for offshore wind farms bordering the French 
exclusive economic zone with a combined capacity up to 3.5GW, and potentially a third offshore wind 
zone in the long-term, under the next marine spatial plan). All his entails considerable investments, 
especially at the level of the transmission grid operated by electricity TSO Elia Transmission Belgium, 
but it also has an impact on the distribution grids operated by the Issuer.  
On 18 March 2022, the Federal Government decided on the prolongation of the two most recent nuclear 
reactors (Doel 4 and Tihange 3) for 10 years until 2035, despite earlier legislation from 2003 ordering 
the closing of all seven nuclear reactors in 2025. At the same time, the Federal Government confirmed 
98 See: https://ec.europa.eu/commission/presscorner/detail/en/ip_22_1511. Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 193 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
193 
its commitment to issue subsidies under the capacity remuneration mechanism for at least two gas-fired 
power plants to be operational by 2025-2026, in accordance with the results of an auction organised in 
October 2021, and a corrective auction organised in April 2022. On the other hand, an investment plan 
of EUR 1.2 billion has been approved in order to scale up the energy transition (a large chunk of which 
will go to offshore wind). 
The Issuer wants to be ready for these developments, both by planning and budgeting for the required 
grid modifications, as well as executing them. It has developed the following lines of action:  

Consultation of the competent authorities in order to analyse the use and impact of stimuli for the 
optimal geographic location of large decentralised generation facilities with a view to minimising 
electricity grid expansion costs; 

Pro-active investments in the electricity grid where it is possible to estimate the future levels of 
decentralised generation; 

A step-by-step evolution of the electricity distribution grid towards a smart grid, in which 
important investments in the mid-voltage networks will be required in the short term to enable 
control of the energy flow direction. In the medium term, the realisation of a smart grid will 
require investments to enable real-time data collection. Expansive metering will allow for a better 
management of energy flows, or a so-called “smart grid”. The planning, phasing and realisation 
thereof is the subject of a study that will lead to an investment decision.  
The Issuer is currently assessing the investments needed in the medium to long term. Its long-term 
investment plans will be updated accordingly. Investments by electricity TSO Elia Transmission 
Belgium will have a direct impact on this assessment, since Elia’s investments can directly trigger 
additional investments in the distribution grid.  
Logically, and as explained in section 4 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework applicable to the 
Guarantors’, investments in the distribution grid will impact the distribution grid fee. In addition, the 
increased costs will be distributed over smaller distributed volumes of energy, since production of 
electricity is expected to happen in a much more decentralised way. The Issuer will closely monitor the 
impact of these evolutions on the overall distribution grid fee and will analyse and propose options to 
reduce sudden increases in the grid fees. To this end, the introduction of injection tariffs coupled to 
granting financial stimuli for projects that only need marginal investments for connection to the 
distribution grid, could be one way of incentivising efficient investments in decentralised electricity 
generation aiming at bringing distribution grid fees down.  
The development towards clean, electric and connected mobility 
During recent years, a clear trend became visible towards clean, electric and connected mobility. Electric 
mobility is seen as an important part of the overall energy transition towards fossil free energy 
consumption. The Issuer sees its role as facilitator via the connection of charging infrastructure to the 
electricity grid. The Belgian Government also took measures towards the fast decarbonisation of so-
called “company cars” (leased car as employee benefit) by 2026 and incentivises individuals to invest 
in home based charge point infrastructure. The sharp increase in the number of electric vehicles in 
Flanders which is expected in the coming years will have an important impact on the investment budgets 
of the Guarantors. 
The future of gas 
The gas sector is currently characterised by rapid developments. The trend towards decarbonisation has 
an undeniable impact on the gas sector in general and gas distribution networks in particular.

--- Page 194 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
194 
Tomorrow’s gas networks should most probably be able to inject, transport and store renewable biogas, 
biomethane, green hydrogen, synthetic methane and possibly other forms of gas as well. An increased 
complementarity between gas and electricity systems (e.g. gas-to-power or power-to-gas applications) 
is high on the agenda. The Issuer points out that gases are an excellent means for energy storage for 
longer time scales (such as seasonal storage). As such, gas distribution can play a crucial role in the 
energy transition and the further development of renewable energy forms, of which many are by 
definition intermittent. 
An important evolution in the gas market is the compulsory switch from low to high calorific gas, 
following a decision by the Dutch gas supplier(s) and Dutch authorities to slow down and ultimately 
completely stop deliveries of low calorific gas to the Belgian market. Such a switch requires major 
investments to adapt part of the Flemish gas distribution networks. 
The Dutch authorities have announced that the 12-month period from 1 October 2021 until and including 
30 September 2022 will be the last regular year of gas production from the Groningen field99.  
Digital Metering, the Market Model and Data Management  
Metering and the management of metering data are crucial tasks in the efficient organisation of energy 
markets. A more pronounced competition in the energy markets and the drive towards more energy 
efficiency in the European Union put more demands on the distribution grids’ metering systems. As a 
consequence of the increase in decentralised electricity production, the network configuration changes 
drastically (from a waterfall principle to bidirectional distribution networks), but there is also an impact 
on the management of metering data. The above evolutions have put the introduction of digital meters 
in the limelight, because the implementation of digital (‘smart’) meters allows retrieving – at any given 
point in time – sufficient data on the actual state of the distribution grid (e.g. location and volumes of 
infeed into and offtake from the grid), which allows managing the grid in the most efficient and 
sustainable way. 
Due to the increasing importance of the energy transition and climate policy on the different businesses 
of the Issuer, the new position of “Director Energy and Climate Transition” will be created within the 
Issuer’s Executive Committee as from 1 July 2022 onwards. 
9.3
Trends in the other business segments 
Sewerage 
The most prominent challenge for the Flemish sewerage sector is to achieve the European objectives for 
clean watercourses by 2027. This will require substantial additional infrastructure investments. The 
Flemish environmental agency VMM therefore defined technical-ecological and financial objectives for 
each municipality in 2019. The starting point for this VMM model is a cargo reduction of nitrogen and 
phosphorus based on the number of households in each municipality. Sewerage operators can prioritise 
projects and financial policy in their multi-annual programme based on the data in this VMM model. 
Furthermore, this information is also useful for preparing and establishing the river basin management 
plans 2022-2027. 
The Flemish Government in its Flemish Government Agreement focuses on investing in a robust water 
system (both drinking water for consumption and wastewater). The general usage of rain water plans 
99 See: 
https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/actueel/nieuws/2021/09/24/laatste-reguliere-gasjaar-winning-groningen-naar-39-miljard-kuub. 
Information contained on this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 195 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
195 
should become the norm. Making more use of rain water and re-using wastewater are two elements in 
this general plan.  
Financing and operations in both the drinking water and wastewater sectors should, in the current 
Flemish Government’s opinion, become more efficient and effective. For that purpose, the financing 
mechanisms for Aquafin and the municipalities are to be reformed following a result-driven, flexible 
and programme-oriented approach. The division of tasks between VMM, the sewerage operators and 
other stakeholders (e.g. other utilities) should be better aligned. The Flemish authorities will entrust 
Aquafin with the task of coordinating water infrastructure networks from an asset management 
perspective. 
The water sector (both drinking water and wastewater) will be part of the core activities debate on 
utilities in the Flemish Region. 
Mid-2020, the Flemish Government announced its so-called “Blue Deal” to tackle the increasing water 
scarcity and drought in Flanders. This plan contains 70 measures along 6 different tracks: (i) public 
authorities give the right example and take care of appropriate regulation, (ii) circular use of water 
becomes the standard, (iii) agriculture and nature become part of the solution, (iv) sensibilisation and 
promotion of private persons towards softening of the soil, (v) increasing the security of supply and (vi) 
investing in innovation to make the water system smarter, more robust and more sustainable. An amount 
of EUR 75 million has been dedicated to the first phase of the Blue Deal implementation. The Flemish 
Government has announced to allocate an additional amount of EUR 75 million to financing measures 
within the Blue Deal framework.  
CATV 
The development of fast and reliable data networks will be a key element in the communication grid 
sector in Flanders. In this respect, the Issuer is willing to play its role as an independent and experienced 
provider of reliable networks for data transmission, as evidenced by its long-standing role as CATV grid 
operator (partly on behalf of Telenet) and as the owner/manager of its own glass fibre network. The 
Issuer proposes partnerships with other parties that should become responsible for the commercial and 
content-related side of the operations. In this respect, the Issuer issued a press release on 
28 October 2021 confirming that it had entered into a non-binding term sheet with Telenet which sets 
out the framework for the realisation of the “data network of the future” and the joint roll-out of FTTH 
technology. For further information, please refer to section 4.3 – ‘Regulatory and contractual framework 
for Flemish CATV intermunicipalities’. 
9.4
General trends 
For the period 2019-2024, which corresponds to the current legislative term of the Flemish Government, 
the Issuer has identified a number of policy items which are particularly relevant to the Flemish utility 
grids operated by itself on behalf of its shareholding Guarantors. All of these twelve topics touch upon 
the challenges posed by the energy transition to a greater or lesser extent. 
1.
The Flemish regulation should allow for flexibility, enabling local flexibility markets in line with 
the free-market principle. The Issuer could then assume the role of flex data manager and thus 
safeguard the technical flexibility for the DSOs. 
2.
The reinforcement of the active management of the distribution grids is only feasible if storage 
technology is put in place, which will align generation and consumption patterns. 
3.
In the Issuer’s view, electric vehicles will undeniably play a vital role in tomorrow’s energy 
landscape. Facilities for the fast-recharging of e-vehicles (battery technology and charging

--- Page 196 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
196 
infrastructure) are a crucial element in the development of this market. However, it also requires 
the availability of larger capacities on local distribution grids. 
4.
A smart capacity-based tarification system for the use of the distribution grids. In the Issuer’s 
opinion such a system better reflects the actual cost drivers in energy distribution. Capacity tariffs 
will incentivise the end-consumers to adapt their consumption and reduce peak consumption. It 
is also a fair system for allocating distribution costs between different groups of consumers. 
5.
The Issuer is in favour of a legal and regulatory tarification mechanism that only reflects the costs 
directly related to the use of the distribution networks. Indirect costs (such as the costs incurred 
by the DSOs for public service obligations, taxes and others) should preferably be eliminated 
from the distribution grid fee. 
6.
The future role of gas is widely discussed. The Issuer considers natural gas as a transitional energy 
source in the medium to long term, awaiting the further technical developments in renewable 
alternatives. The decision by the Dutch authorities to phase out deliveries of low-calorific gas 
(see also section 3.3 – ‘Organisation of the Belgian gas market’) triggers a specific problem for 
the Flemish gas DSOs. Appropriate and fair financing for the necessary grid adaptation should 
be implemented. 
7.
Public lighting in Flanders should be based on energy-efficient LED-technology. Such an 
evolution allows for more opportunities for the smart management of public lighting. 
8.
The Flemish Region should make maximum use of the available potential for district heating 
projects. A regulatory framework which clearly sets out the roles and responsibilities for all 
relevant stakeholders is an essential stepping stone towards that aim. 
9.
The Issuer is willing to support the development of an open digital data network in Flanders.  
10.
In sewerage, the Issuer feels that the financing mechanisms for sewerage grid investments (which 
will have to be quite substantial in the period up to 2027) should entail a partly ecological 
incentive for the rational use of water and the local storage and infiltration of rain water. Such an 
approach will alleviate the pressure on the sewerage grid system. 
11.
The Issuer positions itself as the natural partner and the expert/catalyst for local authorities in 
their ambitions and concrete actions on climate and energy efficiency. These activities, which 
take the form of a wide array of energy-related services, are fully in line with the Issuer’s core 
activities and can create clear and substantial benefits for the Flemish society. 
12.
Finally, an integrated vision on the multi-utility concept for grid-related utilities is absolutely 
vital. The starting point should be a customer-focused service delivery with a strong commitment 
of the local authorities (cities and municipalities). 
The potential impact of the Covid-19 pandemic is uncertain, which makes it difficult to make any 
assessment about the potential impact on trends and the future of the business and activities of the 
Fluvius Economic Group. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The fallout of the 
Covid-19 pandemic may adversely affect the Fluvius Economic Group’s business activities, revenues 
and/or outlook” in Part II – ‘Risk factors’. 
10
Membership of professional organisations 
The Issuer is a member of Synergrid vzw, the federation of electricity and gas grid operators in Belgium.

--- Page 197 ---
Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
197 
The Issuer is a member of the European Distribution System Operators for Smart Grids (EDSO for Smart 
Grids). The Issuer is also a member of the European Federation of Local Energy Companies (CEDEC).

--- Page 198 ---
Use of proceeds 
198 
PART VIII – USE OF PROCEEDS 
For each issue, the relevant Final Terms will specify whether the proceeds are used for general corporate purposes 
or for any other particular identified use. 
The general corporate purposes include (i) the financing of the Guarantors’ investment programmes (capex), as 
approved by the competent regulator, in order for the Guarantors to be able to fulfil their tasks attributed to them by 
law, decree or regulation (more specifically, proceeds will be used to finance that part of the funding needs that 
exceed the Fluvius Economic Group’s auto-financing capabilities at any given point in time) and (ii) the refinancing 
of currently outstanding loans and other debt financings of the Issuer and the Guarantors. 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from a specific issue of a Tranche of Notes may be applied 
exclusively to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, the Eligible Green Projects (as defined in Part IX – ‘Green 
Financing Framework’). For further information, please see Part IX – ‘Green Financing Framework’.

--- Page 199 ---
Green financing framework 
199 
PART IX – GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK 
1
Introduction 
The Issuer has developed its green financing framework (the “Green Financing Framework”) to align its 
financial policy with the overall strategy of the Issuer and, in particular, with its corporate social responsibility 
(CSR) strategy. In setting up this Green Financing Framework, the Issuer aims at highlighting its important 
contribution to sustainable solutions for the Flemish Region at large, and its energy sector in particular. The 
Issuer’s ultimate purpose is to safeguard reliable, efficient, sustainable and affordable utility services for the 
Flemish people and economy. 
The Green Financing Framework is in line with: 

the Green Bond Principles, as issued by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
(version June 2018100); and

the Green Loan Principles from the Loan Market Association (LMA) (version May 2020). 
In the Issuer’s view, financing instruments qualifying as green financing instruments issued under its Green 
Financing Framework are efficient tools in the transition towards a low carbon economy and a more 
decentralised energy system. Such instruments are expected to support the Issuer in implementing its 
sustainability strategy. While this section, which provides an overview of certain features of the Green 
Financing Framework as at the date of this Base Prospectus, specifically addresses Notes for which it is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms that the net proceeds will be allocated to Eligible Green Projects (as 
defined below) (the “Green Notes”), the Issuer may more generally from time to time enter into or issue, as 
applicable, other instruments as referred to in its Green Financing Framework. Such other instruments include, 
without limitation, any other green bonds, green notes, green private placement instruments and/or green 
(syndicated) loans entered into or issued, as applicable, under the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework, or any 
refinancing instruments in relation to any of the aforementioned instruments (together with the Green Notes, 
“Green Financing Instruments”). For each of the Green Financing Instruments, including Green Notes, (i) the 
use of proceeds, (ii) the evaluation and selection of projects, (iii) the management of proceeds, (iv) the reporting 
on allocation and impact and (v) the external review will be carried out according to the Green Financing 
Framework. 
The Issuer intends to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green Financing Instruments (including 
Green Notes) issued from time to time under the Green Financing Framework to finance and/or refinance a 
portfolio of selected assets, projects and activities which especially contribute to one of the environmental 
objectives identified in its Green Financing Framework (such projects, “Eligible Green Projects”). In the 
context of any issue of Notes, the Issuer shall at its discretion determine whether an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of such Notes shall be applied towards the portfolio of Eligible Green Projects (and hence, whether 
such Notes shall constitute Green Notes). 
2
Reporting 
In relation to Green Notes, the Issuer will report annually on the allocation of its net proceeds during the lifetime 
of outstanding Green Financing Instruments. The allocation report will present details on: 

the year of investment;
100 Please note that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Green Financing Framework has not been updated to align with the updated ICMA 
Green Bond Principles of June 2021.

--- Page 200 ---
Green financing framework 
200 

the aggregate amounts of investments and expenses allocated to Eligible Green Projects, along 
with examples and description of emblematic Eligible Green Projects;

the balance of unallocated proceeds (if any) invested in cash, the cash pooling system within the 
Fluvius Economic Group and/or cash equivalents; and

the proportion of new financing and refinancing. 
The allocation report will be drawn up in accordance with the reporting principles set out in the ICMA Green 
Bond Principles (version June 2018) and will be reviewed by an independent third party. The report will be 
published on the Issuer’s website: https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations. It is expected to take the 
form of an ‘Allocation and Impact Report’ which will be separate to the Issuer’s annual financial statements. 
Potential investors should be aware that the report will not be incorporated into, and will not form part of, this 
Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms. 
3
External review 
The Issuer has procured a report prepared by a second party opinion provider (the “SPO Report”), who acts as 
third party reviewer of the Issuer’s Green Financing Framework and its overall CSR and sustainability strategy 
and performance. This provider will certify alignment with the applicable green principles, such as the Green 
Bond Principles (GBP) developed by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) and the Green 
Loan Principles (GLP) developed by the Loan Market Association (LMA). 
4
Availability  
The Green Financing Framework and the SPO Report will be available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://over.fluvius.be/sites/fluvius/files/2020-11/green-financing-framework-fluvius.pdf). 
The 
Green 
Financing Framework and SPO Report may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. Potential 
investors should be aware that the SPO Report will not be incorporated into, and will not form part of, this Base 
Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 201 ---
Taxation 
201 
PART X – TAXATION 
The tax legislation in force in the jurisdiction of a potential investor, in the country of the Issuer and the Guarantors 
(i.e., Belgium) and in any other relevant jurisdiction may have an impact on the income which may be received from 
the Notes. The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Belgium as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law, potentially with a retroactive effect. The following overview 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision 
to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes.  
Investors should also note that the appointment by an investor in Notes, or any person through which an investor 
holds Notes, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Notes in any jurisdiction may have 
tax implications. Each prospective Noteholder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax adviser as to the 
Belgian tax consequences of any investment in, or ownership and disposition of, the Notes or that of any other 
relevant jurisdiction. 
BELGIUM 
The following is a general description of the main Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming 
and/or disposing of the Notes. It is restricted to the matters of Belgian taxation stated herein and is intended 
neither as tax advice nor as a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax consequences associated with or 
resulting from any of the aforementioned transactions. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax 
advisers concerning the detailed and overall tax consequences of subscribing for, acquiring, holding, redeeming 
and/or disposing of the Notes, including under the laws of their countries of citizenship, residence, ordinary 
residence or domicile. 
The summary provided below is based on the information provided in this Base Prospectus and on Belgium’s 
tax laws, regulations, resolutions and other public rules with legal effect, and the interpretation thereof under 
published case law, all as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and with the exception of subsequent 
amendments with retroactive effect. 
General 
For the purpose of the following general description, a Belgian resident is: (a) an individual subject to Belgian 
personal income tax (personenbelasting/impôt des personnes physiques) (i.e., an individual who has his 
domicile in Belgium or has his seat of wealth in Belgium, or a person assimilated to a Belgian resident), (b) a 
legal entity subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés) (i.e., a 
company that has its principal establishment or effective place of management in Belgium), (c) an Organisation 
for Financing Pensions subject to Belgian corporate income tax (i.e., a Belgian pension fund incorporated under 
the form of an Organisation for Financing Pensions) or (d) a legal entity subject to Belgian legal entities tax 
(rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales) (i.e., an entity other than a legal entity subject to 
corporate income tax having its principal establishment or its effective place of management in Belgium). A 
Belgian non-resident is any person or entity that is not a Belgian resident. 
Belgian Withholding Tax 
All payments by or on behalf of the Issuer of interest on the Notes are in principle subject to Belgian withholding 
tax on the gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30 per cent. Both Belgian domestic tax law and 
applicable tax treaties may provide for lower or zero rates subject to certain conditions and formalities. 
In this regard and for the purpose of the following paragraphs, “interest” means (i) the periodic interest income, 
(ii) any amount paid by, or on behalf of, the Issuer in excess of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption 
whether or not at maturity, or upon purchase by the Issuer) and (iii) if the Notes qualify as fixed income

--- Page 202 ---
Taxation 
202 
securities pursuant to Article 2, § 1, 8° of the Belgian code on income tax of 1992 (Wetboek van de 
inkomstenbelastingen 1992/Code des impôts sur les revenus 1992, the “BITC 1992”), in case of a disposal of 
the Notes between two interest payment dates to any third party, excluding the Issuer, the pro rata of accrued 
interest corresponding to the detention period. However, payments of interest and principal under the Notes by 
or on behalf of the Issuer may be made without deduction of withholding tax in respect of the Notes if and as 
long as at the moment of payment or attribution of interest they are held by certain eligible investors (the 
“Eligible Investors”, see hereinafter) in an exempt securities account (an “X Account”) that has been opened 
with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant (a “Participant”) in the NBB-SSS. Euroclear, 
Euroclear France, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD 
are directly or indirectly Participants for this purpose. 
Holding the Notes through the NBB-SSS enables Eligible Investors to receive gross interest income on their 
Notes and to transfer Notes on a gross basis. 
Participants to the NBB-SSS must enter the Notes which they hold on behalf of Eligible Investors in an 
X Account and those they hold for the account of non-Eligible Investors in a non-exempt securities account (an 
“N Account”). Payments of interest made through X Accounts are free of Belgian withholding tax; payments 
of interest made through N Accounts are subject to a Belgian withholding tax of 30 per cent., which the NBB 
deducts from the payment and pays over to the Belgian tax authorities. 
Eligible Investors are those listed in article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of 
withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende 
voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification du précompte mobilier) 
which include, inter alia: 
(i)
Belgian companies subject to Belgian corporate income tax as referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, b) of the 
BITC 1992;
(ii)
institutions, associations or companies specified in Article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 on the 
control of insurance companies other than those referred to in (i) and (iii) subject to the application of 
Article 262, 1° and 5° of the BITC 1992;
(iii)
state regulated institutions (parastatalen/institutions parastatales) for social security, or institutions 
which are assimilated therewith, provided for in Article 105, 2º of the royal decree implementing the 
BITC 1992 (koninklijk besluit tot uitvoering van het wetboek inkomstenbelastingen 1992/arrêté royal 
d’exécution du code des impôts sur les revenus 1992), the “RD/BITC 1992”;
(iv)
non-resident investors whose holding of the Notes is not connected to a professional activity in Belgium, 
referred to in Article 105, 5º of the RD/BITC 1992;
(v)
Belgian qualifying investment funds, recognised in the framework of pension savings, provided for in 
Article 115 of the RD/BITC 1992;
(vi)
taxpayers provided for in Article 227, 2º of the BITC 1992 which have used the income generating 
capital for the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium and which are subject to non-resident 
income tax pursuant to Article 233 of the BITC 1992;
(vii)
the Belgian State in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in accordance with 
Article 265 of the BITC 1992;
(viii)
collective investment funds (such as investment funds (beleggingsfondsen/fonds de placement)) 
governed by foreign law which are an indivisible estate managed by a management company for the 
account of the participants, provided the fund units are not offered publicly in Belgium or traded in 
Belgium;

--- Page 203 ---
Taxation 
203 
(ix)
Belgian resident corporations, not provided for under (i) above, when their activities exclusively or 
principally consist of the granting of credits and loans; and
(x)
only for the income from debt securities issued by legal persons that are part of the sector of public 
authorities, in the sense of the European system of national and regional accounts (ESA), for the 
application of the European Community Rule N° 3605/93 of 22 November 1993 on the application of 
the Protocol on the procedure in case of excessive deficits attached to the Treaty of the European 
Communities, the legal entities that are part of the aforementioned sector of public authorities. 
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident investors who are individuals or Belgian non-
profit making organisations, other than those mentioned under (ii) and (iii) above. 
The above categories only summarise the detailed definitions contained in Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 
26 May 1994, as amended, to which investors should refer for a precise description of the relevant eligibility 
rules. 
Transfers of Notes between an X Account and an N Account give rise to certain adjustment payments on account 
of withholding tax: 

A transfer from an N Account (to an X Account or an N Account) gives rise to the payment by the 
transferor non-Eligible Investor to the NBB of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest 
calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date. 

A transfer (from an X Account or an N Account) to an N Account gives rise to the refund by the NBB to 
the transferee non-Eligible Investor of an amount equal to withholding tax on the accrued fraction of 
interest calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date. 

Transfers of Notes between two X Accounts do not give rise to any adjustment on account of withholding 
tax. 
Upon opening of an X Account for the holding of Notes, the Eligible Investor is required to provide the 
Participant with a statement of its eligible status on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance and 
send it to the Participant to the NBB-SSS where this X Account is kept. There are no ongoing declaration 
requirements for Eligible Investors save that they need to inform the Participants of any changes to the 
information contained in the statement of their tax eligible status. 
Participants are required to annually provide the NBB with listings of investors who have held an X Account 
during the preceding calendar year. 
An X Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an “Intermediary”) in respect of Notes 
that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the “Beneficial Owners”), provided that each 
Beneficial Owner is an Eligible Investor. In such a case, the Intermediary must deliver to the Participant a 
statement on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance confirming that (i) the Intermediary is itself 
an Eligible Investor and (ii) the Beneficial Owners holding their Notes through it are also Eligible Investors. 
The Beneficial Owner is also required to deliver a statement of its eligible status to the Intermediary. 
These identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in central securities depositaries as defined in 
Article 2, first paragraph, (1) of the Regulation (EU) N° 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories 
and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012 (“CSD”), acting as 
Participants to the NBB-SSS (each, a “NBB-CSD”), provided that the relevant NBB-CSD only holds X 
Accounts and that they are able to identify the Noteholders for whom they hold Notes in such account. For the 
identification requirements not to apply, it is furthermore required that the contracts which were concluded by

--- Page 204 ---
Taxation 
204 
the relevant NBB-CSDs acting as Participants include the commitment that all their clients, holder of an 
account, are Eligible Investors. Please refer to Part V – ‘Settlement’, for further information on the current 
NBB-CSDs. 
In accordance with the NBB-SSS, a Noteholder who is withdrawing Notes from an X Account will, following 
the payment of interest on those Notes, be entitled to claim an indemnity from the Belgian tax authorities of an 
amount equal to the withholding on the interest payable on the Notes from the last preceding Interest Payment 
Date until the date of withdrawal of the Notes from the NBB-SSS. 
Belgian income tax 
(a)
Belgian resident individuals
For Belgian resident individuals, i.e., natural persons who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(personenbelasting/impôt des personnes physiques) and who hold the Notes as a private investment, the 
interest payments will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. Belgian withholding tax. Such withholding 
tax constitutes the final taxation, fully discharging them from their personal income tax liability with 
respect to these interest payments. This means that these Belgian resident individuals do not have to 
declare interest in respect of the Notes in their personal income tax return, provided that withholding tax 
has effectively been levied on the interest. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest in respect of the Notes in their 
personal income tax return. Interest income which is declared in this way will in principle be taxed at a 
flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s) taking into account the 
taxpayer’s other declared income, whichever is more beneficial). If the interest payment is declared, the 
Belgian withholding tax levied may be credited and may even be refundable. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, except to the extent the tax 
authorities can prove that the capital gains are realised outside the scope of the normal management of 
one’s private estate or unless (and to the extent that) the capital gains qualify as interest (as described in 
section “Belgian Withholding Tax” above). Capital losses realised on the disposal of the Notes held as a 
non-professional investment are in principle not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private investment. 
(b)
Belgian resident companies 
Interest attributed or paid to corporations which are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., which are 
subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés), as well as capital 
gains realised upon the disposal of Notes are taxable at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of in 
principle 25 per cent. (with a reduced rate of 20 per cent. applying to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 
of taxable income of qualifying small companies as defined by article 1:24, §1 to §6 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code), as of assessment year 2021 linked to a taxable period starting at the 
earliest on 1 January 2020.  
Any Belgian withholding tax retained by or on behalf of the Issuer will, subject to certain conditions, be 
creditable against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount will in principle be refundable, 
all in accordance with the applicable legal provisions. 
Capital losses realised upon the disposal of the Notes are in principle tax deductible. 
Different tax rules apply to companies subject to a special tax regime, such as investment companies 
within the meaning of Article 185bis BITC 1992.

--- Page 205 ---
Taxation 
205 
(c)
Belgian legal entities 
For Belgian legal entities subject to Belgian legal entities tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôts des 
personnes morales), the withholding tax on interest will constitute the final tax in respect of such income. 
Belgian legal entities holding the Notes in an N Account will generally be subject to the Belgian 
withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. This tax constitutes the final levy for them and, in principle, 
fully discharges their income tax liability. 
Belgian legal entities that qualify as Eligible Investors and that consequently have received gross interest 
income without deduction for or on account of Belgian withholding tax, due to the fact that they hold 
the Notes through an X Account with the NBB-SSS, are required (if such entities cannot invoke a final 
withholding tax exemption) to declare and pay the 30 per cent. withholding tax to the Belgian tax 
authorities themselves (which withholding tax then generally also constitutes the final taxation in the 
hands of the relevant investors). 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains qualify 
as interest (as described in “Belgian Withholding Tax” above). Capital losses are in principle not tax 
deductible. 
(d)
Organisations for Financing Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions (Organismen voor de 
Financiering van Pensioenen/Organismes de Financement de Pensions) in the meaning of the Law of 
27 October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision 
(wet 
van 
27 
oktober 
2006 
betreffende 
het 
toezicht 
op 
de 
instellingen 
voor 
bedrijfspensioenvoorzieningen/loi du 27 octobre 2006 relative au contrôle des institutions de retraite 
professionnelle), are in principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses are in 
principle not tax deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that has been 
levied can be credited against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount is in principle 
refundable. 
(e)
Belgian non-residents 
Non-residents who use the Notes to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a Belgian 
permanent establishment, are in principle subject to practically the same tax rules as the Belgian resident 
companies (see above). 
Noteholders who are not residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes, who are not holding the Notes 
through a permanent establishment in Belgium and who do not invest in the Notes in the course of their 
Belgian professional activity, will in principle not become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital 
gains by reason only of the acquisition, ownership, redemption or disposal of the Notes, provided that 
they qualify as Eligible Investors and that they hold their Notes in an X Account. 
(f)
Inheritance duties 
No Belgian inheritance duties will be levied in respect of the Notes if the deceased Noteholder was not 
a Belgian resident at the time of his or her death. 
Tax on securities accounts 
Pursuant to the Belgian Law of 17 February 2021 on the introduction of an annual tax on securities accounts, 
an annual tax is levied on securities accounts with an average value, over a period of twelve consecutive months 
starting on 1 October and ending on 30 September of the subsequent year, higher than EUR 1,000,000.

--- Page 206 ---
Taxation 
206 
The tax is equal to 0.15 per cent. of the average value of the securities accounts during a reference period. The 
reference period normally runs from 1 October to 30 September of the subsequent year. The first reference 
period runs from 26 February 2021 to 30 September 2021. The taxable base is determined based on four 
reference dates: 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September. The amount of the tax is limited to 10 per 
cent. of the difference between the taxable base and the threshold of EUR 1 million.  
The tax targets securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective as to 
whether these accounts are held with a financial intermediary which is established or located in Belgium or 
abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-residents individuals, companies and legal 
entities with a financial intermediary established or located in Belgium. Belgian establishments from Belgian 
non-residents are however treated as Belgian residents for purposes of the annual tax on securities accounts so 
that both Belgian and foreign securities accounts fall within the scope of this tax. 
Each securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a securities account, each holder is 
jointly and severally liable for the payment of the tax and each holder may fulfil the declaration requirements 
for all holders.  
There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for their 
own account. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and foreign 
central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in article 198/1, §6, 12° 
of the Belgian Income Tax Code, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as defined by Article 1, §3 of 
the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions and investment companies and 
(iv) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 25 October 2016 on access to the 
activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision of portfolio management and investment 
advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted to hold financial instruments for the account 
of customers. 
The annual tax on securities accounts is in principle due by the financial intermediary established or located in 
Belgium. Otherwise, the annual tax on securities accounts needs to be declared and is due by the holder of the 
securities accounts itself, unless the holder provides evidence that the annual tax on securities accounts has 
already been withheld, declared and paid by an intermediary which is not established or located in Belgium. In 
that respect, intermediaries located or established outside of Belgium could appoint an annual tax on securities 
accounts representative in Belgium. Such a representative is then liable towards the Belgian Treasury 
(Thesaurie/Trésorerie) for the annual tax on securities accounts due and for complying with certain reporting 
obligations in that respect. If the holder of the securities accounts itself is liable for reporting obligations (e.g. 
when a Belgian resident holds a securities account abroad with an average value higher than EUR 1,000,000), 
the deadline for filing the tax return for the annual tax on securities accounts corresponds with the deadline for 
filing the annual tax return for personal income tax purposes electronically, irrespective whether the Belgian 
resident is an individual or a legal entity. In the latter case, the annual tax on securities accounts must be paid 
by the taxpayer on 31 August of the year following the year on which the tax was calculated, at the latest. 
Anti-abuse provisions, retroactively applying from 30 October 2020, are also introduced: a rebuttable general 
anti-abuse provision and two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions. The latter cover (i) the splitting of a 
securities account into multiple securities accounts held at the same intermediary and (ii) the conversion of 
taxable financial instruments, held on a securities account, into registered financial instruments. 
Several requests for annulment of the law introducing the tax on securities accounts have been filed with the 
Constitutional Court. If the Constitutional Court were to annul the tax on securities accounts without upholding 
its effects, all taxpayers will be authorised to claim restitution of the tax already paid.

--- Page 207 ---
Taxation 
207 
Prospective investors are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the tax on 
securities accounts.  
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
No tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les opérations de bourse) will be 
due on the issuance of the Notes (primary market transaction). 
A tax on stock exchange transactions will in principle be levied on the acquisition and disposal and any other 
acquisition or transfer for consideration of Notes on the secondary market if (i) entered into or carried out in 
Belgium through a professional intermediary or (ii) deemed to be entered into or carried out in Belgium, which 
is the case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of 
Belgium, either by private individuals with habitual residence (gewone verblijfplaats/residence habituelle) in 
Belgium, or legal entities for the account of their seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a 
“Belgian Investor”). 
The tax is due at a rate of 0.12 per cent on each acquisition and disposal separately (hence, the tax is due 
separately from each party to any such transaction, i.e., the seller (transferor) and the purchaser (transferee)), 
with a maximum amount of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party, both collected by the professional 
intermediary.  
However, if the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax on the stock exchange transactions will 
in principle be due by the Belgian Investor (who will be responsible for the filing of a stock exchange tax return 
and for the timely payment of the amount of stock exchange tax due), unless the Belgian Investor can 
demonstrate that the tax on the stock exchange transactions has already been paid by the professional 
intermediary established outside Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign professional intermediary also has to 
provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying order statement 
(borderel/bordereau), at the latest on the business day after the day on which the relevant transaction was 
realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and duplicates must be retained by the 
financial intermediary. A duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent day-to-day listing, numbered in series. 
Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside Belgium could appoint a stock exchange tax 
representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (“Stock Exchange Tax 
Representative”). In such case, the Stock Exchange Tax Representative would then be jointly liable towards 
the Belgian Treasury to pay the tax on stock exchange transactions and to comply with the reporting obligations 
in that respect. If such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative has paid the tax on stock exchange transactions, 
the Belgian Investor will, as per the above, no longer be required to pay the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
However, no tax on stock exchange transactions will be payable by exempt persons acting for their own account 
including investors who are not Belgian residents, provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial 
intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional investors as 
defined in Article 126.1, 2° of the code of miscellaneous duties and taxes (wetboek diverse rechten en 
taksen/code des droits et taxes divers). 
As stated below, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial 
transactions tax (the “FTT”) for an enhanced cooperation in the area of financial transactions tax. The proposal 
currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member States shall not maintain or 
introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 
2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock 
exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. Since 2019, participating 
Member States are discussing a new FTT proposal. According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal 
(submitted by the German government), the FTT would not apply to straight notes. The FTT proposal is still 
subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may be changed at any time.

--- Page 208 ---
Taxation 
208 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the EU Commission published a proposal for a Council Directive (the “Draft Directive”) 
on a common FTT for an enhanced cooperation in the area of financial transactions tax. Pursuant to the Draft 
Directive, the FTT shall be implemented and enter into effect in eleven EU Member States (Austria, Belgium, 
Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain; the “Participating Member 
States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Draft Directive stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the Participating Member States shall not 
maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in Council 
Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
The Draft Directive has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt.  
Under the Draft Directive, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings, is issued in a Participating Member State. 
In 2019, Finance Ministers of the Member States participating in the enhanced cooperation indicated that they 
were discussing a new FTT proposal based on the French model of the tax and the possible mutualisation of the 
tax as a contribution to the EU budget. 
According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal (submitted by the German government), the FTT would 
be levied at a rate of at least 0.2 per cent. of the consideration for the acquisition of ownership of shares 
(including ordinary and any preference shares) admitted to trading on a trading venue or a similar third country 
venue, or of other securities equivalent to such shares (“Financial Instruments”) or similar transactions (e.g. 
an acquisition of Financial Instruments by means of an exchange of Financial Instruments or by means of a 
physical settlement of a derivative). Only transactions with Financial Instruments that have been issued by a 
company, partnership or other entity whose registered office is established within one of the Participating 
Member States and with a market capitalisation of at least EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding 
the respective transaction would be covered. The FTT would be payable to the Participating Member State in 
whose territory the issuer of a Financial Instrument has established its registered office. According to the latest 
draft of the new FTT proposal, the FTT would not apply to straight notes. Like the Draft Directive, the latest 
draft of the new FTT proposal also stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the Participating Member 
States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in 
the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States (Estonia excluded), 
and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate and/or other 
Participating Member States may decide to withdraw. 
Prospective Noteholders should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the consequences of the FTT 
associated with the subscription, purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION – COMMON REPORTING STANDARD (CRS) 
Following recent international developments, the exchange of information will be governed by the Common 
Reporting Standard (“CRS”).

--- Page 209 ---
Taxation 
209 
On 31 January 2022, 115 jurisdictions signed the multilateral competent authority agreement (“MCAA”), which 
is a multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the 
subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent 
notifications. 
49 jurisdictions, including Belgium, have committed to a specific and ambitious timetable leading to the first 
automatic information exchanges in 2017, relating to income year 2016 (“early adopters”). More than 50 
jurisdictions have committed to exchange information as from 2018, two jurisdictions as from 2019 and seven 
jurisdictions as from 2020. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence 
standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account 
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income 
generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable 
accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal 
residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report 
on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in 
direct taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as 
foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, 
Directive 2011/16/EU. 
The Belgian government has implemented DAC2, respectively the CRS, pursuant to the law of 
16 December 2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial 
institutions and by the Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on 
an international level and for tax purposes (the “Law of 16 December 2015”). 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies in 
Belgium (i) as of financial year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States 
(including Austria, irrespective of the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria towards other 
EU Member States is only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of financial year 2014 (first information 
exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii) with respect to any other jurisdictions that have signed the MCAA, 
as of the respective date to be determined by Royal Decree. In a Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, as amended, it 
has been determined that the automatic exchange of information has to be provided as from (i) 2017 (for the 
2016 financial year) for a first list of 18 jurisdictions, (ii) as from 2018 (for the 2017 financial year) for a second 
list of 44 jurisdictions, (iii) as from 2019 (for the 2018 financial year) for a third list of one jurisdiction and 
(iv) as from 2020 (for the 2019 financial year) a fourth list of six jurisdictions. 
The Notes are subject to DAC2 and the Law of 16 December 2015. Under DAC2 and the Law of 
16 December 2015, Belgian financial institutions holding the Notes for tax residents in another CRS contracting 
state shall report financial information regarding the Notes (e.g. in relation to income and gross proceeds) to 
the Belgian competent authority, which shall communicate the information to the competent authority of the 
state of the tax residence of the beneficial owner. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
“FATCA”, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes (“Foreign Passthru Payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting 
or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of

--- Page 210 ---
Taxation 
210 
jurisdictions (including Belgium) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining Foreign Passthru Payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining “Foreign Passthru Payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. Prospective 
investors should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 211 ---
Subscription and sale 
211 
PART XI – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Belfius Bank SA/NV, BNP Paribas Fortis 
SA/NV and BNP Paribas (the “Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to 
be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, the Dealers are set out in a Programme Agreement dated on or about 
7 June 2022 (the “Programme Agreement”) and made between the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers. If in the 
case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer, the Guarantors and a 
single Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution 
will be described in the relevant Final Terms as “Non-Syndicated” and the name of that Dealer and any other interest 
of that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement 
between the Issuer, the Guarantors and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed by those Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as “Syndicated”, 
the obligations of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses 
of those Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond 
the fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act 
as Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at 
which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) 
payable or allowed by the Issuer in respect of such subscription. The Programme Agreement makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes 
in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the 
Guarantees may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. Each of the Dealers has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the 
Notes and the Guarantees within the United States or to U.S. persons. In addition, until 40 days after the 
commencement of any offering, an offer or sale of the Notes and the Guarantees from that offering within the 
United States by any dealer whether or not participating in the offering may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). Each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this 
provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 212 ---
Subscription and sale 
212 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision the 
expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA 2000”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling restrictions addressing additional UK Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year,  
(a)
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(b)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons  
(1)
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(2)
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA 2000 by the Issuer;
(ii)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA 2000) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA 2000 does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantors; 
and 
(iii)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 2000 with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.

--- Page 213 ---
Subscription and sale 
213 
Belgium 
The paragraph headed “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above is applicable in respect of sales to 
investors in Belgium. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not advertised, offered, sold, delivered or otherwise made available 
and will not advertise, offer, sell, deliver or otherwise make available, directly or indirectly, Notes to any 
Consumers in Belgium, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation 
to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Consumer in Belgium. For these purposes, a “Consumer” has the 
meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (Wetboek van 
economisch recht/Code de droit économique), being, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, any natural person 
resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
As used in this paragraph, “resident of Japan” means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation 
or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at 
its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required 
by the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense.  
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” 
above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant 
only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 214 ---
Form of Final Terms 
214 
PART XII – FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA 2000”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in MiFID II and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to such eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment. However, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“EUWA”) (as amended, “UK MiFIR”) and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to such eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 215 ---
Form of Final Terms 
215 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to any 
Consumers. For these purposes, a “Consumer” has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, 
as amended from time to time (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), being any natural person 
resident or located in Belgium and acting for purposes which are outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
FLUVIUS SYSTEM OPERATOR CV 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed on a several but not joint basis by Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius West, Gaselwest, 
Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 June 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the Issuer’s website (https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-
relations/ratings-and-bonds/bonds). 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.) 
1.
(i) 
Issuer: 
Fluvius System Operator CV 
(ii) 
Guarantors: 
Fluvius Antwerpen, Fluvius Limburg, Fluvius 
West, Gaselwest, Imewo, Intergem, Iveka, 
Iverlek, PBE, Riobra and Sibelgas (please see 
paragraph 14 below). 
2.
(i) 
Series Number: 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
[●] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series (and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes) with the [insert description of Tranche 
of Notes] (ISIN: [●]) on [[●]/the Issue Date]] / 
[Not Applicable] 
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●]

--- Page 216 ---
Form of Final Terms 
216 
[(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5.
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [●]] 
6.
(i) 
Specified Denomination: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7.
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] / [Issue Date] / [Not Applicable] 
8.
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9.
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] month [EURIBOR] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [15/16/17] below) 
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100/[●]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount. 
11.
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 15 and 16 
below and identify there]/[Not Applicable] 
12.
Put/Call Options: 
[Call Option] 
[Put Option] 
[Make Whole Call Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Substantial Repurchase Event] 
[See paragraph[s] [18/19/20/21/22] below] 
[Not Applicable] 
13.
Date of Board approval for issuance of Notes 
and Guarantees: 
[●] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee)

--- Page 217 ---
Form of Final Terms 
217 
14.
Pro rata share in the Guarantee for each 
Guarantor: 
Each of the Guarantors has agreed to guarantee 
the Notes on a several but not joint basis, pro rata 
to the share of contributions that each Guarantor 
has made in the Issuer as of the Issue Date, being: 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
[●] per cent. 
Fluvius Limburg 
[●] per cent. 
Fluvius West 
[●] per cent. 
Gaselwest 
[●] per cent. 
Imewo 
[●] per cent. 
Intergem 
[●] per cent. 
Iveka 
[●] per cent. 
Iverlek 
[●] per cent. 
PBE 
[●] per cent. 
Riobra 
[●] per cent. 
Sibelgas 
[●] per cent. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●]% per annum payable on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year [from and including 
[●]][until and excluding [●]] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
(vi) 
Determination Date: 
[●]/[Each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date]/[Not 
Applicable]. 
16.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 218 ---
Form of Final Terms 
218 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business 
Day Convention in (v) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (v) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, 
as the Business Day Convention in (v) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to 
any adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) below is specified to be Not Applicable]]] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention] / 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
/ 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention] 
/ [Preceding Business Day Convention] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ 
ISDA 
Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the [Agent]): 
[●] shall be the Calculation Agent 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 

Reference Rate: 
[●] month [EURIBOR] 

Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 

Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 

Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 

Designated Maturity: 
[●] 

Reset Date: 
[●] 

ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
[●] 
(xi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] [– the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period 
shall 
be 
calculated 
using 
Linear

--- Page 219 ---
Form of Final Terms 
219 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(x) 
Margin: 
[[+/-][●]% per annum] 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]% per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●]% per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual-ICMA]  
17.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●]% per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] 
[360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360] [Eurobond 
Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
18.
Call Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] [All of the Notes] 
(iv) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] [All of the Notes] 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
19.
Put Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
20.
Make Whole Call Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Reference Dealers: 
[●]

--- Page 220 ---
Form of Final Terms 
220 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Determination Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Determination Time: 
[●] 
(v) 
Margin: 
[●] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[●] 
(vii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
21.
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call Period: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
22.
Substantial Repurchase Event 
(i) 
Applicable Percentage: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Notice Period: 
[●] days 
23.
Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
24.
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[●] has been extracted 
from [●]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]

--- Page 221 ---
Form of Final Terms 
221 
SIGNED on behalf of FLUVIUS SYSTEM OPERATOR CV, FLUVIUS ANTWERPEN, FLUVIUS 
LIMBURG, FLUVIUS WEST, GASELWEST, IMEWO, INTERGEM, IVEKA, IVERLEK, PBE, 
RIOBRA and SIBELGAS 
By: .....................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 222 ---
Form of Final Terms 
222 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [●] with effect from [●].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[●] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.)
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [are not/have been/are 
expected to be] specifically rated [by [●]]. [The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type under the Programme 
generally [●].] 
[Name of rating agency(ies): [●] 
[●] [is/are] established in the EU and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009.]  
[A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the 
Guarantors and any of their affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [So far as the Issuer is 
aware, the following persons have an interest material to the issue: [●].] (Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests) 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
Indication of yield: 
The yield in respect of this issue of Fixed Rate 
Notes is [●].

--- Page 223 ---
Form of Final Terms 
223 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.]
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Agent(s): 
[●] 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name][repeat 
as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat 
as necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011.]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, 
the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, apply 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, 
if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]/[As 
far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
[specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of the Benchmark Regulation]/ [Not 
Applicable] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes, provided that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] [No.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION
(i) Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] / [Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated,  
(A) Names and addresses of Managers: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
(B) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
(C) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
(ii) If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
(iii) US Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S compliance Category 1. TEFRA is 
not applicable to the Notes. 
(iv) Additional Selling Restrictions:  
[Not Applicable] [●] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS

--- Page 224 ---
Form of Final Terms 
224 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes as set out in 
Part VIII – ‘Use of Proceeds’ of the Base 
Prospectus/Give details] 
(If reasons differ from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus regarding the proceeds being 
used for general corporate purposes (including 
for green notes), give details here.)
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 225 ---
General information 
225 
PART XIII – GENERAL INFORMATION 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Belgium in connection with the 
establishment and update of the Programme. The establishment and annual updates (for a maximum duration of ten 
years, i.e. until and including 2030) of the Programme were authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer passed on 26 August 2020 and on 13 October 2021. 
The Guarantors have obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Belgium in connection with 
the Guarantees. The Guarantees were authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Fluvius Antwerpen 
passed on 16 September 2020 (as confirmed on 27 October 2021), by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Fluvius 
Limburg passed on 8 September 2020 (as confirmed on 20 October 2021), by a resolution of the Board of Directors 
of Fluvius West passed on 7 September 2020 (as confirmed on 25 October 2021), by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of Gaselwest passed on 9 September 2020 (as confirmed on 18 October 2021), by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of Imewo passed on 11 September 2020 (as confirmed on 22 October 2021), by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of Intergem passed on 10 September 2020 (as confirmed on 28 October 2021), by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of Iveka passed on 11 September 2020 (as confirmed on 19 October 2021), by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of Iverlek passed on 7 September 2020 (as confirmed on 25 October 2021), by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of PBE passed on 3 September 2020 (as confirmed on 18 October 2021), by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of Riobra passed on 14 September 2020 (as confirmed on 21 October 2021) and by a resolution 
of the Board of Directors of Sibelgas passed on 21 September 2020 (as confirmed on 26 October 2021). 
Approval by the FSMA 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 7 June 2022 by the FSMA, in its capacity as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation, as a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect 
of the issue by the Issuer of Notes. The approval by the FSMA should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or the Guarantors nor of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Listing of Notes on Euronext Brussels and admission to trading of Notes on the regulated market of Euronext 
Brussels 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve 
months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus to be listed on Euronext Brussels and to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The regulated market of Euronext Brussels is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. However, unlisted Notes or Notes listed on another market may be issued under 
the Programme. 
Settlement of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for settlement through the facilities of the NBB-SSS. The Notes can be held by their 
holders through direct Participants and through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through 
any Participant, including, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, through Euroclear, Euroclear France, Clearstream, 
SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto and LuxCSD. 
The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), the Common Code and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the address of the NBB-SSS is Boulevard de Berlaimont 14, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium. The address of any other relevant clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 226 ---
General information 
226 
Significant changes or material adverse changes 
Other than as set out in section 7 – ‘Significant changes in the financial position and prospects of the Issuer and the 
Guarantors’ of Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and the Guarantors’, there has been no significant change in the 
financial position or the financial performance of the Fluvius Economic Group and no material adverse change in 
the prospects of the Issuer or the Guarantors since 31 December 2021.
Litigation
Other than as set out in section 6 – ‘Legal and arbitration proceedings’ in Part VII – ‘Description of the Issuer and 
the Guarantors’, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantors have been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantors are aware) which may have or have had in the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Guarantors.
Representation of Noteholders
No entity or organisation has been appointed to act as representative of the Noteholders. The provisions on meetings 
of Noteholders are set out in Condition 10(a) (Meetings of Noteholders) and Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of 
Noteholders) to the Conditions.
Third party information
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been accurately 
reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published by such third 
parties no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The 
source of third party information is identified where used.
Documents available
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be available on 
the website of the Issuer (https://over.fluvius.be/en/thema/investor-relations):
the articles of association (statuten/statuts) of the Issuer and the Guarantors (in Dutch);
this Base Prospectus; and
the documents incorporated by reference herein.
The Agency Agreement, the Clearing Services Agreement and the Guarantees will, for so long as Notes may be 
issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, be available during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and 
public holidays excepted) for inspection at the registered office of the Agent.
Transactions of the Co-Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates with the Issuer, the Guarantors 
and their respective affiliates
The Co-Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, the 
Guarantors and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of 
their business activities, the Co-Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array 
of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantors or their respective affiliates. The 
Co-Arrangers, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish

--- Page 227 ---
General information 
227 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 228 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
228 
ANNEX – BALANCE SHEET AND INCOME STATEMENT OF EACH GUARANTOR 
This Annex includes the balance sheet (after appropriation) and income statement of each Guarantor as of and for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. These have been prepared in accordance with 
Belgian generally accepted accounting principles. 
The balance sheets and income statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 have been extracted from 
the relevant Guarantor’s financial statements which were filed with the NBB (and were translated from Dutch to 
English). In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of the English translations of these financial 
statements and the original versions prepared in Dutch, the Dutch versions shall prevail. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the balance sheets and income statements of the Guarantors for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021 have not been filed with the NBB. These have been approved by the board of directors 
of the relevant Guarantor and are in the process of being submitted for approval by each relevant Guarantor’s annual 
shareholders’ meeting. The relevant audit procedures have been finalised and did not give rise to any qualifications 
by the auditor.   
1
Fluvius Antwerpen 
1.1
Balance sheet 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
ASSETS 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
1,621,349,759 
1,554,776,951 
Intangible fixed assets 
19,878,206 
18,835,140 
Tangible fixed assets 
1,545,279,476 
1,479,735,546 
Land and buildings 
42,490,227 
40,452,179 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,341,526,231 
1,299,398,412 
Furniture and vehicles 
7,046,572 
6,764,194 
Leasing and similar rights 
261,339 
387,342 
Other tangible fixed assets 
96,379 
36,848 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
153,858,728 
132,696,571 
Financial fixed assets 
56,192,076 
56,206,265 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
6,565,668 
6,565,668 
Participating interests 
6,565,668 
6,565,668 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
49,626,409 
49,640,597 
Shares 
49,495,057 
49,495,057

--- Page 229 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
229 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
131,352 
145,540 
CURRENT ASSETS 
265,086,170 
231,264,833 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
68,137,182 
73,949,278 
Trade debtors 
338,415 
362,810 
Other amounts receivable 
67,798,766 
73,586,468 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
7,112,721 
9,801,122 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
7,112,721 
9,801,122 
Amounts receivable within one year 
147,682,353 
103,475,006 
Trade debtors 
93,002,273 
77,720,673 
Other amounts receivable 
54,680,080 
25,754,333 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
9,907 
44,516 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
42,144,008 
43,994,911 
TOTAL ASSETS 
1,886,435,929 
1,786,041,784 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
EQUITY 
774,920,784 
773,490,579 
Contribution excluding capital 
419,219,710 
411,333,731 
Contribution available 
419,219,710 
411,333,731 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
134,785,659 
138,128,039 
Reserves 
188,786,744 
191,551,433 
Reserves not available 
47,239,101 
43,896,721 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
47,239,101 
43,896,721 
Untaxed reserves 
674,123 
674,122

--- Page 230 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
230 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Available reserves 
140,873,520 
146,980,590 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
22,142,107 
22,934,320 
Investment grants 
9,986,564 
9,543,056 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
12,482,268 
13,392,031 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
9,098,205 
9,986,305 
Pensions and similar obligations 
2,882,023 
2,882,024 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
500,731 
500,731 
Other liabilities and charges 
5,715,450 
6,603,550 
Deferred taxes 
3,384,063
3,405,726 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
1,099,032,877 
999,159,174 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
840,455,683 
676,897,134 
Financial debts  
840,455,683 
676,897,134 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
285,118 
449,475 
Credit institutions  
787,199,000 
612,612,754 
Other loans  
52,971,564 
63,834,905 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
192,812,551 
260,711,214 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
81,324,796 
74,998,416 
Financial debts  
17,224 
- 
Credit institutions  
17,224 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
59,252,015 
60,580,841 
Suppliers  
59,252,015 
60,580,841 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
14,716,621 
18,419,913 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
4,228,095 
3,914,025

--- Page 231 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
231 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Taxes  
4,228,095 
3,914,025 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
33,273,800 
102,798,019 
Accruals and deferred income  
65,764,643 
61,550,826 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
1,886,435,929 
1,786,041,784 
1.2
Income statement 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Operating income 
444,897,383 
450,480,724 
Turnover 
425,193,007 
433,159,861 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-2,688,401 
-2,170,143 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
22,392,777 
19,378,652 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
112,354 
Operating charges 
390,234,968 
385,853,768 
Raw materials, consumables 
188,547,365 
181,201,263 
Purchases 
188,547,365 
181,201,263 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-)
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
115,801,212 
127,272,741 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
64,519,974 
61,966,414 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-950,694 
436,136 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-888,100 
-939,919 
Other operating charges 
21,034,162 
13,777,139 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
2,171,048 
2,139,994 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
54,662,416 
64,626,956 
Financial income 
15,351,723 
15,816,752 
Recurring financial income 
15,351,723 
15,790,905

--- Page 232 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
232 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Income from financial fixed assets 
9,867,895 
9,976,589 
Income from current assets 
189,161 
115,410 
Other financial income 
5,294,667 
5,698,906 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
25,847 
Financial charges 
20,577,871 
22,639,915 
Recurring financial charges 
20,577,871 
22,639,915 
Debt charges 
20,574,830 
22,637,048 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
3,041 
2,867 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
49,436,267 
57,803,793 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
21,663 
18,313 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
11,600,977 
13,650,674 
Taxes 
11,608,488 
13,700,512 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
7,511 
49,838 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
37,856,953 
44,171,432 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
37,856,953 
44,171,432 
2
Fluvius Limburg 
2.1
Balance sheet
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
ASSETS 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
2,229,703,971 
2,156,330,093 
Intangible fixed assets 
16,350,920 
12,290,761 
Tangible fixed assets 
2,135,733,450 
2,065,128,987 
Land and buildings 
24,906,195 
24,764,772 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,880,868,327 
1,841,975,739 
Furniture and vehicles 
6,575,644 
3,755,591

--- Page 233 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
233 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Leasing and similar rights 
2,413,306 
3,671,716 
Other tangible fixed assets 
65,950 
8,584 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
220,904,027 
190,952,584 
Financial fixed assets 
77,619,601 
78,910,345 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
13,641,735 
14,931,979 
Participating interests 
13,641,735 
14,931,979 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
63,977,866 
63,978,366 
Shares 
63,973,920 
63,973,920 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
3,946 
4,446 
CURRENT ASSETS 
365,924,145 
308,515,180 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
126,463,781 
130,902,569 
Trade debtors 
5,370,413 
5,677,807 
Other amounts receivable 
121,093,368 
125,224,761 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
8,377,180 
15,280,977 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
8,377,180 
15,280,977 
Amounts receivable within one year 
185,464,771 
116,524,758 
Trade debtors 
72,207,347 
73,699,075 
Other amounts receivable 
113,257,424 
42,825,683 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
245,045 
285,012 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
45,373,368 
45,521,865 
TOTAL ASSETS 
2,595,628,116 
2,464,845,273

--- Page 234 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
234 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
EQUITY 
1,650,311,876 
1,641,118,863 
Contribution excluding capital 
698,381,885 
698,381,885 
Contribution available 
698,381,885 
698,381,885 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
301,314,251 
310,355,625 
Reserves 
454,315,667 
460,518,495 
Reserves not available 
261,086,441 
252,045,066 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
261,086,441 
252,045,066 
Untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Available reserves 
193,229,226 
208,473,429 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
14,054,690 
7,404,550 
Investment grants 
182,245,384 
164,458,308 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
23,983,556 
20,355,610 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
8,067,662 
11,368,662 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
- 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
8,067,662 
11,368,662 
Deferred taxes 
15,915,894
8,986,949 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
921,332,684 
803,370,800 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
720,956,803 
465,986,499 
Financial debts  
720,956,803 
465,986,499 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
2,805,092 
3,684,682 
Credit institutions  
718,151,711 
462,301,818 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
-

--- Page 235 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
235 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
146,939,043 
258,197,441 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
19,854,365 
22,853,284 
Financial debts  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
68,107,507 
67,554,056 
Suppliers  
68,107,507 
67,554,056 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
13,315,929 
20,668,407 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
686,436 
51,318 
Taxes  
686,436 
51,318 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
44,974,806 
147,070,377 
Accruals and deferred income  
53,436,839 
79,186,860 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
2,595,628,116 
2,464,845,273 
2.2
Income statement
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Operating income 
445,988,635 
438,451,569 
Turnover 
422,498,918 
406,938,359 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-6,903,797 
1,762,840 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
30,393,514 
29,750,370 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
398,939,310 
382,474,496 
Raw materials, consumables 
175,699,673 
167,157,028 
Purchases 
175,699,673 
167,157,028 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-)
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
120,963,310 
116,298,782 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
76,635,170 
70,563,127

--- Page 236 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
236 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
531,036 
6,024,894 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-3,301,000 
-3,549,000 
Other operating charges 
13,311,121 
10,879,666 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
15,100,000 
15,100,000 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
47,049,325 
55,977,073 
Financial income 
19,010,225 
19,134,145 
Recurring financial income 
19,010,225 
19,057,481 
Income from financial fixed assets 
5,097,263 
5,228,658 
Income from current assets 
313,822 
233,846 
Other financial income 
13,599,140 
13,594,977 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
76,664 
Financial charges 
12,432,238 
12,784,005 
Recurring financial charges 
11,141,994 
10,756,109 
Debt charges 
11,138,136 
10,752,754 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
3,858 
3,355 
Non-recurring financial charges 
1,290,244 
2,027,895 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
53,627,313 
62,327,213 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
249,141 
173,619 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
13,782,582 
16,572,053 
Taxes 
13,791,504 
16,631,918 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
8,922 
59,865 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
40,093,872 
45,928,779 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
40,093,872 
45,928,779

--- Page 237 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
237 
3
Fluvius West 
3.1
Balance sheet
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
ASSETS 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
724,611,005 
696,289,598 
Intangible fixed assets 
6,026,888 
4,613,367 
Tangible fixed assets 
694,948,687 
668,040,302 
Land and buildings 
33,463,643 
34,577,529 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
537,011,146 
518,216,387 
Furniture and vehicles 
1,320,550 
613,936 
Leasing and similar rights 
298,877 
518,334 
Other tangible fixed assets 
- 
- 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
122,854,472 
114,114,116 
Financial fixed assets 
23,635,429 
23,635,929 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
4,015,745 
4,015,745 
Participating interests 
4,015,745 
4,015,745 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
19,619,684 
19,620,184 
Shares 
19,619,684 
19,619,684 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
500 
CURRENT ASSETS 
142,180,136 
144,244,073 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
80,468,826 
81,474,022 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
80,468,826 
81,474,022 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
7,956,331 
13,544,260 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
7,956,331 
13,544,260 
Amounts receivable within one year 
45,031,361 
40,963,201 
Trade debtors 
25,719,810 
24,286,526 
Other amounts receivable 
19,311,551 
16,676,676 
Current investments 
- 
-

--- Page 238 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
238 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
14,158 
12,132 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
8,709,460 
8,250,457 
TOTAL ASSETS 
866,791,141 
840,533,671 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
EQUITY 
570,978,888 
565,854,642 
Contribution excluding capital 
254,401,718 
254,325,014 
Contribution available 
254,401,718 
254,325,014 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
76,795,044 
79,076,540 
Reserves 
180,198,823 
183,867,909 
Reserves not available 
49,894,580 
47,683,235 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
49,894,580 
47,683,235 
Untaxed reserves 
533,278 
544,511 
Available reserves 
129,770,966 
135,640,163 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
8,346,224 
4,074,958 
Investment grants 
51,237,079 
44,510,221 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
22,233,636 
20,517,244 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
5,000,000 
5,499,000 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
- 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
5,000,000 
5,499,000 
Deferred taxes 
17,233,636
15,018,244 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
273,578,617 
254,161,785 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
200,338,688 
159,452,011 
Financial debts  
200,338,688 
159,452,011 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
401,399 
623,012 
Credit institutions  
199,937,289 
158,828,999 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
-

--- Page 239 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
239 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
60,625,414 
73,407,663 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
7,827,419 
6,919,682 
Financial debts  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
20,669,922 
20,802,799 
Suppliers  
20,669,922 
20,802,799 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
4,224,369 
8,219,392 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
9,065 
43,609 
Taxes  
9,065 
43,609 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
27,894,639 
37,422,181 
Accruals and deferred income  
12,614,515 
21,302,110 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
866,791,141 
840,533,671 
3.2
Income statement
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Operating income 
138,580,404 
138,121,741 
Turnover 
127,769,516 
123,012,290 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-5,587,930 
4,430,173 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
16,398,818 
10,679,277 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
120,173,682 
119,043,918 
Raw materials, consumables 
50,468,548 
47,523,860 
Purchases 
50,468,548 
47,523,860 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-)
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
40,943,140 
42,532,448 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
23,333,089 
22,174,195 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
46,736 
1,766,084

--- Page 240 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
240 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-499,000 
-1.080,000 
Other operating charges 
3,440,073 
3,752,331 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
2,441,096 
2,375,000 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
18,406,721 
19,077,823 
Financial income 
9,057,926 
9,053,926 
Recurring financial income 
9,057,926 
9,023,722 
Income from financial fixed assets 
1,843,086 
1,964,575 
Income from current assets 
83,266 
11,487 
Other financial income 
7,131,574 
7,047,660 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
30,203 
Financial charges 
4,332,044 
4,336,210 
Recurring financial charges 
4,332,044 
4,336,210 
Debt charges 
4,330,446 
4,335,662 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,598 
548 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
23,132,603 
23,795,538 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
236,216 
209,905 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
5,933,198 
6,525,562 
Taxes 
5,933,198 
6,525,562 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
0 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
17,435,622 
17,479,882 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
11,234 
11,234 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
17,446,856 
17,491,115 
4
Gaselwest 
4.1
Balance sheet
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
ASSETS 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
1,765,074,689 
1,802,162,662

--- Page 241 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
241 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Intangible fixed assets 
15,458,414 
16,297,658 
Tangible fixed assets 
1,674,546,184 
1,708,500,736 
Land and buildings 
49,460,846 
51,213,359 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,548,883,006 
1,588,576,019 
Furniture and vehicles 
8,644,781 
8,722,826 
Leasing and other rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
48,824 
71,807 
Tangible assets under construction and advance 
payments made 
67,508,728 
59,916,725 
Financial fixed assets 
75,070,091 
77,364,268 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other enterprises linked by participating interests 
148,169 
153,236 
Participating interests 
148,169 
153,236 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
74,921,923 
77,211,032 
Shares 
74,921,923 
77,211,032 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
216,906,030 
160,409,503 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
32,310,595 
68,482 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
32,310,595 
68,482 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
2,469,462 
4,237,689 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
2,469,462 
4,237,689 
Amounts receivable within one year 
149,312,545 
108,587,431 
Trade debtors 
101,172,612 
58,315,408 
Other amounts receivable 
48,139,933 
50,272,023 
Current investments 
- 
-

--- Page 242 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
242 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
812 
877 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
32,812,616 
47,515,024 
TOTAL ASSETS 
1,981,980,719 
1,962,572,165 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
EQUITY 
743,519,313 
770,054,836 
Contribution excluding capital 
360,729,444 
359.929.584 
Contribution available 
360,729,444 
359.929.584 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
159,982,964 
170,073,574 
Reserves 
198,995,660 
206,288,049 
Reserves not available 
34,482,322 
29,708,287 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Financial support 
1,789,470 
- 
Other 
32,692,853 
29,708,287 
Untaxed reserves 
702,040 
730,009 
Available reserves 
163,811,298 
175,849,753 
Accumulated profits (losses) (+)/(-) 
22,213,562 
32,718,682 
Investment grants 
1,597,682 
1,044,947 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
6,328,008 
6,323,566 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
5,626,973 
5,735,740 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental liabilities 
5,164,078 
5,164,678 
Other risks and costs 
462,896 
571,063 
Deferred taxes 
701,035
587,826 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
1,232,133,399 
1,186,193,763 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
935,480,878 
941,701,272 
Financial debts  
935,480,878 
941,701,272 
Subordinated loans  
- 
-

--- Page 243 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
243 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
935,480,878 
941,701,272 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
263,968,093 
224,895,147 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
158,416,419 
148,038,336 
Financial debts  
25,466 
- 
Credit institutions  
25,466 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
73,760,463 
51,641,437 
Suppliers  
73,760,463 
51,641,437 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
7,296,348 
8,539,332 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
1,855,526 
8,158,283 
Taxes  
1,855,526 
8,158,283 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
22,613,871 
8,517,759 
Accrued charges and deferred income  
32,684,427 
19,597,344 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
1,981,980,719 
1,962,572,165 
4.2
Income statement
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Operating income and charges 
469,641,864 
495,695,645 
Turnover 
454,784,992 
489,977,621 
Increase (decrease) in stocks of finished goods, work 
and contracts in progress (+)/(-) 
-1,761,376 
-6,500,469 
Own construction capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
16,618,247 
12,218,492 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
397,465,851 
398,365,134

--- Page 244 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
244 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Raw materials, consumables 
232,638,522 
229,147,298 
Purchases 
232,638,522 
229,147,298 
Decrease (increase) in stocks (+)/(-)
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
81,667,888 
86,750,435 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and amounts written off formation 
expenses, intangible and tangible fixed assets 
71,233,254 
71,526,935 
Increase, Decrease in amounts written off stocks 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
Appropriations 
(write-backs) (+)/(-) 
2,096,204 
1,696,578 
Provisions for risks and charges: Appropriations (uses 
and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-85,125 
-74,446 
Other operating charges 
9,915,108 
9,318,334 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
- 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
72,176,013 
97,330,511 
Financial income 
11,997,638 
11,234,419 
Recurring financial income 
11,997,638 
11,043,053 
Income from financial fixed assets 
10,820,000 
11,043,053 
Income from current assets 
1,151,736 
174,529 
Other financial income 
25,902 
16,837 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
29,421,710 
32,179,964 
Recurring financial charges 
29,421,710 
32,179,964 
Debt charges 
29,420,572 
32,178,743 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,138 
1,222 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
54,751,941 
76,384,966 
Transfer from postponed taxes 
10,717 
5,612 
Transfer to postponed taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
13,509,162 
18,934,809 
Taxes 
13,509,162 
18,934,809

--- Page 245 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
245 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
41,253,495 
57,455,769 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
41,253,495 
57,455,769 
5
Imewo 
5.1
Balance sheet
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
ASSETS 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
2,140,271,996 
2,011,595,962 
Intangible fixed assets 
20,411,304 
20,046,448 
Tangible fixed assets 
2,040,873,762 
1,914,856,761 
Land and buildings 
40,923,206 
32,773,732 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,859,102,241 
1,752,861,206 
Furniture and vehicles 
11,317,681 
10,581,218 
Leasing and similar rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
56,923 
82,438 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
129,473,712 
118,558,168 
Financial fixed assets 
78,986,930 
76,692,753 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
206,484 
201,417 
Participating interests 
206,484 
201,417 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
78,780,446 
76,491,336 
Shares 
78,780,446 
76,491,336 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
206,566,176 
156,287,836 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
14,027,581 
15,673,818 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
14,027,581 
15,673,818

--- Page 246 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
246 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
9,877,067 
13,366,102 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
9,877,067 
13,366,102 
Amounts receivable within one year 
134,735,241 
81,033,473 
Trade debtors 
112,692,725 
60,739,133 
Other amounts receivable 
22,042,516 
20,294,339 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
11,811 
897 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
47,914,476 
46,213,546 
TOTAL ASSETS 
2,346,838,172 
2,167,883,798 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
EQUITY 
724,610,682 
704,477,320 
Contribution excluding capital 
359,348,221 
332,542,290 
Contribution available 
359,348,221 
332,542,290 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
170,054,381 
168,125,512 
Reserves 
174,148,156
173,330,047 
Reserves not available 
33,291,103 
28,113,928 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
33,291,103 
28,113,928 
Untaxed reserves 
871,405 
843,436 
Available reserves 
139,985,649 
144,372,683 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
20,600,818 
30,479,471 
Investment grants 
459,106 
- 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
-

--- Page 247 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
247 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
3,534,205 
3,487,887 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
3,091,098 
3,206,741 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
2,257,263 
2,266,244 
Other liabilities and charges 
833,835 
940,498 
Deferred taxes 
443,107
281,145 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
1,618,693,285 
1,459,918,591 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
1,109,901,285 
997,468,223 
Financial debts  
1,109,901,285 
997,468,223 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
1,079,064,158 
997,468,223 
Other loans  
30,837,126 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
457,063,578 
428,907,427 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
169,191,958 
179,701,568 
Financial debts  
17,724 
- 
Credit institutions  
17,724 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
68,450,688 
58,382,202 
Suppliers  
68,450,688 
58,382,202 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
15,908,220 
18,523,918 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
4,272,664 
8,204,413 
Taxes  
4,272,664 
8,204,413 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
199,222,324 
164,095,326

--- Page 248 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
248 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Accruals and deferred income  
51,728,422 
33,542,941 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
2,346,838,172 
2,167,883,798 
5.2
Income statement
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Operating income 
536,031,511 
523,160,393 
Turnover 
521,595,158 
509,334,189 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-3,495,886 
587,611 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
17,932,239 
13,328,594 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
461,061,257 
431,731,328 
Raw materials, consumables 
235,299,638 
213,758,061 
Purchases 
235,299,638 
213,758,061 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-)
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
117,005,735 
123,786,385 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
85,252,291 
78,586,284 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
4,381,524 
594,028 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-139,285 
-74,760 
Other operating charges 
19,261,354 
15,081,330 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
- 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
74,970,253 
91,429,065 
Financial income 
11,589,385 
11,199,032 
Recurring financial income 
11,589,385 
11,199,032 
Income from financial fixed assets 
11,557,464 
11,181,028 
Income from current assets 
28,018 
18,004 
Other financial income 
3,903 
0 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
-

--- Page 249 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
249 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Financial charges 
32,553,136 
34,881,057 
Recurring financial charges 
32,553,136 
34,881,057 
Debt charges 
32,551,555 
34,879,573 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,580 
1,484 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
54,006,503 
67,747,040 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
1,698 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
12,714,295 
16,137,877 
Taxes 
12,714,502 
16,137,877 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
207 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
41,293,906 
51,609,163 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
41,293,906 
51,609,163 
6
Intergem 
6.1
Balance sheet
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
ASSETS 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
941,274,921 
914,887,152 
Intangible fixed assets 
10,001,612 
10,097,341 
Tangible fixed assets 
894,071,868 
867,588,370 
Land and buildings 
22,883,394 
23,150,533 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
803,733,795 
790,775,211 
Furniture and vehicles 
5,066,177 
5,304,674 
Leasing and similar rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
9,308 
17,449 
Tangible assets under construction and advance 
payments made 
62,379,193 
48,340,503 
Financial fixed assets 
37,201,441 
37,201,441

--- Page 250 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
250 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
101,490 
101,490 
Participating interests 
101,490 
101,490 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
37,099,951 
37,099,951 
Shares 
37,099,951 
37,099,951 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
132,560,072 
108,299,668 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
11,442,761 
12,448,009 
Trade debtors 
- 
9,669 
Other amounts receivable 
11,442,761 
12,438,340 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
3,116,549 
4,901,478 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
3,116,549 
4,901,478 
Amounts receivable within one year 
70,027,452 
42,912,407 
Trade debtors 
52,454,365 
27,409,686 
Other amounts receivable 
17,573,087 
15,502,722 
Current investments 
14,670,143 
14,670,143 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
14,670,143 
14,670,143 
Cash at bank and in hand 
610 
564 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
33,302,557 
33,367,067 
TOTAL ASSETS 
1,073,834,994 
1,023,186,820 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
EQUITY 
354,480,888 
356,269,830 
Contribution excluding capital 
137,279,243 
130,194,946

--- Page 251 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
251 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Contribution available 
137,279,243 
130,194,946 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
88,229,766 
90,754,352 
Reserves 
117,149,165 
116,869,747 
Reserves not available 
17,692,755 
15,168,169 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
17,692,755 
15,168,169 
Untaxed reserves 
383,175 
383,175 
Available reserves 
99,073,235 
101,338,403 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
11,566,895 
18,430,785 
Investment grants 
255,819 
- 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
2,376,493 
2,373,327 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
2,163,814 
2,245,602 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental liabilities 
1,831,838 
1,832,145 
Other risks and costs 
331,976 
413,456 
Deferred taxes 
212,679
127,725 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
716,977,612 
664,543,663 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
487,560,142 
442,736,701 
Financial debts  
487,560,142 
442,736,701 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
487,560,142 
442,736,701 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
200,047,585 
203,094,849 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
62,795,069 
72,298,045

--- Page 252 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
252 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Financial debts  
14,869 
- 
Credit institutions  
14,869 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
43,721,858 
32,166,261 
Suppliers  
43,721,858 
32,166,261 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
8,714,773 
8,435,238 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
2,154,984 
2,347,133 
Taxes  
2,154,984 
2,347,133 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
82,646,033 
87,848,172 
Accruals and deferred income  
29,369,885 
18,712,113 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
1,073,834,994 
1,023,186,820 
6.2
Income statement
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Operating income 
252,342,804 
250,549,844 
Turnover 
244,510,584 
245,149,853 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-1,784,929 
-1,762,800 
Own construction capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
9,617,150 
7,162,791 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
219,078,258 
207,220,876 
Raw materials, consumables 
108,195,527 
107,662,362 
Purchases 
108,195,527 
107,662,362 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-)
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
62,380,678 
57,271,863 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
38,439,399 
36,922,849 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
1,078,390 
197,250 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-81,788 
-69,674

--- Page 253 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
253 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Other operating charges 
9,066,052 
5,236,226 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
- 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
33,264,546 
43,328,968 
Financial income 
5,954,581 
5,905,798 
Recurring financial income 
5,954,581 
5,905,798 
Income from financial fixed assets 
5,159,736 
5,121,108 
Income from current assets 
793,887 
784,690 
Other financial income 
957 
1 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
13,655,681 
15,102,207 
Recurring financial charges 
13,655,681 
15,102,207 
Debt charges 
13,596,913 
15,100,893 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
58,768 
1,314 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
25,563,445 
34,132,560 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
638 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
6,107,322 
8,260,268 
Income taxes 
6,107,371 
8,260,268 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
50 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
19,456,762 
25,872,292 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
19,456,762 
25,872,292 
7
Iveka 
7.1
Balance sheet
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
ASSETS 
Formation expenses 
- 
-

--- Page 254 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
254 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
FIXED ASSETS 
705,042,718 
702,114,187 
Intangible fixed assets 
7,648,469 
7,706,900 
Tangible fixed assets 
696,831,098 
693,844,136 
Land and buildings 
15,646,143 
15,844,203 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
654,897,960 
649,047,305 
Furniture and vehicles 
3,356,786 
3,341,010 
Leasing and similar rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
9,676 
16,644 
Tangible assets under construction and advance 
payments 
22,920,533 
25,594,974 
Financial fixed assets 
563,151 
563,151 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other enterprises linked by participating interests 
91,174 
91,174 
Participating interests 
91,174 
91,174 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
471,977 
471,977 
Shares 
471,977 
471,977 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
195,769,804 
195,265,009 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
52,971,564 
63,834,905 
Trade debtors 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
52,971,564 
63,834,905 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
1,937,665 
2,739,828 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
1,937,665 
2,739,828 
Amounts receivable within one year 
117,523,558 
92,130,716 
Trade debtors 
49,655,798 
47,141,922 
Other amounts receivable 
67,867,760 
44,988,794

--- Page 255 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
255 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
4,768 
80,376 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
23,332,248 
36,470,184 
TOTAL ASSETS 
900,812,521 
897,379,196 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
EQUITY 
271,949,460 
270,535,644 
Contribution excluding capital 
132,653,174 
132,539,311 
Contribution available 
132,653,174 
132,539,311 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
55,857,181 
57,514,518 
Reserves 
75,286,156 
73,628,819 
Reserves not available 
17,666,420 
16,009,083 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
17,666,420 
16,009,083 
Untaxed reserves 
324,534 
324,533 
Available reserves 
57,295,203 
57,295,203 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
7,838,186 
6,852,996 
Investment grants 
314,763 
- 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
1,685,146 
1,615,506 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
1,472,048 
1,507,328 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
781,244 
781,244 
Other liabilities and charges 
690,804 
726,084 
Deferred taxes 
213,098
108,178 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
627,177,916 
625,228,046 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
495,862,399 
466,064,599 
Financial debts  
495,862,399 
466,064,599 
Subordinated loans  
- 
-

--- Page 256 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
256 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
495,862,399 
466,064,599 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
113,554,314 
151,326,826 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
72,008,687 
73,281,747 
Financial debts  
11,404 
- 
Credit institutions  
11,404 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
29,791,754 
65,951,778 
Suppliers  
29,791,754 
65,951,778 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
5,231,581 
5,449,806 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
2,021,851 
2,113,152 
Taxes  
2,021,851 
2,113,152 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
4,489,038 
4,530,343 
Accruals and deferred income  
17,761,204 
7,836,621 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
900,812,521 
897,379,196 
7.2
Income statement
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Operating income 
219,155,771 
227,072,082 
Turnover 
213,094,421 
220,802,063 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-802,163 
244,117 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
6,863,512 
6,025,902 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
184,842,818 
189,561,008

--- Page 257 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
257 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Raw materials, consumables 
107,762,164 
109,740,774 
Purchases 
107,762,164 
109,740,774 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-)
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
39,949,686 
43,351,133 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
31,824,758 
30,770,661 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
503,781 
792,786 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-35,280 
-26,145 
Other operating charges 
4,824,433 
4,887,179 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
13,276 
44,620 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
34,312,953 
37,511,074 
Financial income 
2,108,173 
2,302,942 
Recurring financial income 
2,108,173 
2,302,942 
Income from financial fixed assets 
31,633 
31,014 
Income from current assets 
2,076,540 
2,271,928 
Other financial income 
0 
- 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
14,346,048 
15,817,445 
Recurring financial charges 
14,346,048 
15,817,445 
Debt charges 
14,344,983 
15,816,384 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,065 
1,061 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
22,075,078 
23,996,571 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
6,268,224 
6,751,271 
Income taxes 
6,269,389 
6,751,271

--- Page 258 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
258 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
1,165 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
15,806,854 
17,245,300 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
15,806,854 
17,245,300 
8
Iverlek 
8.1
Balance sheet
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
ASSETS 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
1,812,392,617 
1,766,028,931 
Intangible fixed assets 
17,747,567 
17,922,825 
Tangible fixed assets 
1,728,311,264 
1,681,772,320 
Land and buildings 
39,367,481 
39,615,880 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
1,568,090,753 
1,532,458,758 
Furniture and vehicles 
9,460,541 
9,282,456 
Leasing and similar rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
46,764 
38,698 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
111,345,725 
100,376,529 
Financial fixed assets 
66,333,786 
66,333,786 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other enterprises linked by participating interests 
190,928 
190,928 
Participating interests 
190,928 
190,928 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
66,142,858 
66,142,858 
Shares 
66,142,858 
66,142,858 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
205,254,243 
158,390,587 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
29,816,325 
34,245,928 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
29,816,325 
34,245,928

--- Page 259 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
259 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
4,631,281 
6,308,952 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
4,631,281 
6,308,952 
Amounts receivable within one year 
133,415,437 
72,194,488 
Trade debtors 
97,189,490 
54,775,857 
Other amounts receivable 
36,225,947 
17,418,631 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
1,271 
5,162 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
37,389,929 
45,636,056 
TOTAL ASSETS 
2,017,646,860 
1,924,419,518 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
EQUITY 
655,116,048 
656,238,306 
Contribution excluding capital 
292,778,000 
279,980,521 
Contribution available 
292,778,000 
279,980,521 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
138,934,148 
142,907,186 
Reserves 
202,734,634 
207,040,336 
Reserves not available 
27,845,474 
23,872,435 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
27,845,474 
23,872,435 
Untaxed reserves 
1,016,416 
1,016,416 
Available reserves 
173,872,745 
182,151,485 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
19,989,944 
26,310,263 
Investment grants 
679,321 
- 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
-

--- Page 260 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
260 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
1,767,565 
1,646,019 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
1,202,319 
1,307,214 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental liabilities 
- 
- 
Other risks and charges 
1,202,319 
1,307,214 
Deferred taxes 
565,246
338,805 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
1,360,763,248 
1,266,535,193 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
961,259,974 
902,406,452 
Financial debts  
961,259,974 
902,406,452 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
961,259,974 
902,406,452 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
346,999,641 
327,974,057 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
156,620,239 
144,170,933 
Financial debts  
18,290 
- 
Credit institutions  
18,290 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
53,264,636 
52,636,474 
Suppliers  
53,264,636 
52,636,474 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
12,361,035 
12,224,045 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
5,421,314 
6,551,781 
Taxes  
5,421,314 
6,551,781 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
119,314,127 
112,390,824 
Accruals and deferred income  
52,503,633 
36,154,685

--- Page 261 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
261 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
2,017,646,860 
1,924,419,518 
8.2
Income statement
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Operating income 
457,146,735 
461,266,599 
Turnover 
442,434,241 
450,071,264 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-1,677,671 
-2,147,981 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
16,390,165 
13,343,315 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
390,801,668 
382,034,936 
Raw materials, consumables 
204,652,290 
200,172,729 
Purchases 
204,652,290 
200,172,729 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-)
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
97,525,133 
99,837,092 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
73,546,878 
70,336,413 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
585,896 
435,951 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-104,895 
-60,103 
Other operating charges 
14,596,366 
11,213,285 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
99,569 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
66,345,067 
79,231,663 
Financial income 
10,615,286 
10,540,086 
Recurring financial income 
10,615,286 
10,540,086 
Income from financial fixed assets 
10,355,496 
10,290,135 
Income from current assets 
259,785 
249,950 
Other financial income 
6 
1 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
27,650,813 
30,307,082

--- Page 262 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
262 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Recurring financial charges 
27,650,813 
30,307,082 
Debt charges 
27,649,625 
30,301,926 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,188 
5,156 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
49,309,541 
59,464,667 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
11,539,020 
14,092,845 
Taxes 
11,539,112 
14,092,845 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
92 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
37,770,521 
45,371,821 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
37,770,521 
45,371,821 
9
PBE 
9.1
Balance sheet
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
ASSETS 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
243,686,442 
233,700,096 
Intangible fixed assets 
2,045,388 
1,592,765 
Tangible fixed assets 
215,631,341 
206,097,618 
Land and buildings 
9,137,652 
9,237,290 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
178,069,911 
172,613,159 
Furniture and vehicles 
628,171 
352,575 
Leasing and similar rights 
16,930 
27,047 
Other tangible fixed assets 
- 
- 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
27,778,678 
23,867,547 
Financial fixed assets 
26,009,713 
26,009,713 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
-

--- Page 263 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
263 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
12,655,036 
12,655,036 
Participating interests 
12,655,036 
12,655,036 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
13,354,677 
13,354,677 
Shares 
13,354,552 
13,354,552 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
125 
125 
CURRENT ASSETS 
55,338,256 
59,229,141 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
27,320,764 
28,949,638 
Trade debtors 
349,785 
375,820 
Other amounts receivable 
26,970,980 
28,573,818 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
1,397,225 
2,222,700 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
1,397,225 
2,222,700 
Amounts receivable within one year 
18,900,911 
19,000,407 
Trade debtors 
12,193,288 
12,213,269 
Other amounts receivable 
6,707,622 
6,787,138 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
63,506 
700,787 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
7,655,850 
8,275,609 
TOTAL ASSETS 
299,024,698 
292,929,236 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
EQUITY 
173,445,106 
172,982,926 
Contribution excluding capital 
7,976 
7,976 
Contribution available 
7,976 
7,976

--- Page 264 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
264 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
35,544,679 
36,549,848 
Reserves 
136,703,415 
135,238,248 
Reserves not available 
71,050,785 
70,045,616 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
71,050,785 
70,045,616 
Untaxed reserves 
202,936 
207,254 
Available reserves 
65,449,695 
64,985,378 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
1,189,035 
1,186,854 
Investment grants 
- 
- 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
1,433,645 
1,786,085 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
1,366,000 
1,717,000 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
- 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
1,366,000 
1,717,000 
Deferred taxes 
67,645
69,085 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
124,145,946 
118,160,226 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
89,926,700 
75,582,669 
Financial debts  
89,926,700 
75,582,669 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
20,793 
33,510 
Credit institutions  
89,905,907 
75,549,159 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
31,264,993 
36,019,976 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
2,395,643 
1,770,571 
Financial debts  
- 
-

--- Page 265 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
265 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
10,566,984 
10,396,023 
Suppliers  
10,566,984 
10,396,023 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
1,915,423 
2,813,932 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
11,865 
782,722 
Taxes  
11,865 
782,722 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
16,375,077 
20,256,728 
Accruals and deferred income  
2,954,254 
6,557,581 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
299,024,698 
292,929,236 
9.2
Income statement
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Operating income 
64,479,680 
62,851,385 
Turnover 
61,610,332 
59,451,523 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
-825,475 
484,505 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
3,694,823 
2,915,357 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
56,964,543 
53,558,967 
Raw materials, consumables 
28,629,466 
26,722,531 
Purchases 
28,629,466 
26,722,531 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-)
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
17,362,115 
16,653,920 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
8,338,805 
7,399,559 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
232,657 
959,693 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-351,000 
-703,000 
Other operating charges 
967,171 
787,856

--- Page 266 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
266 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
1,785,329 
1,738,407 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
7,515,137 
9,292,418 
Financial income 
3,872,070 
4,016,900 
Recurring financial income 
3,872,070 
4,004,690 
Income from financial fixed assets 
1,659,885 
1,669,721 
Income from current assets 
23,995 
16,954 
Other financial income 
2,188,190 
2,318,016 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
12,210 
Financial charges 
2,086,393 
2,095,604 
Recurring financial charges 
2,086,393 
2,088,337 
Debt charges 
2,083,883 
2,083,825 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
2,510 
4,512 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
7,268 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
9,300,814 
11,213,714 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
1,439 
1,439 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
2,172,589 
2,698,344 
Taxes 
2,172,589 
2,698,344 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
7,129,665 
8,516,809 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
4,318 
4,318 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
7,133,983 
8,521,126 
10
Riobra 
10.1
Balance sheet
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
ASSETS 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
230,235,049 
218,471,880

--- Page 267 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
267 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Intangible fixed assets 
1,558,455 
1,153,445 
Tangible fixed assets 
228,641,302 
217,283,143 
Land and buildings 
630,882 
611,451 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
187,787,530 
181,770,657 
Furniture and vehicles 
89,634 
28,552 
Leasing and similar rights 
20,335 
33,086 
Other tangible fixed assets 
- 
- 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
40,112,920 
34,839,397 
Financial fixed assets 
35,292 
35,292 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
35,292 
35,292 
Participating interests 
35,292 
35,292 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
- 
- 
Shares 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
48,495,939 
47,021,541 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
- 
- 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
- 
- 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
- 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable within one year 
48,070,297 
45,057,086 
Trade debtors 
2,258,797 
2,330,908 
Other amounts receivable 
45,811,500 
42,726,178 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
-

--- Page 268 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
268 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
425,643 
1,952,533 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
- 
11,921 
TOTAL ASSETS 
278,730,989 
265,493,421 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
EQUITY 
225,916,706 
213,360,741 
Contribution excluding capital 
157,302,830 
151,699,039 
Contribution available 
157,302,830 
151,699,039 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
- 
- 
Reserves 
15,895,533 
13,841,171 
Reserves not available 
- 
- 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Available reserves 
15,895,533 
13,841,171 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
- 
- 
Investment grants 
52,718,344 
47,820,531 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
- 
254,000 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
- 
254,000 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
- 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
- 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
- 
254,000 
Deferred taxes 
- 
- 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
52,814,282 
51,878,680 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
37,071,045 
37,831,071 
Financial debts  
37,071,045 
37,831,071 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
388 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
15,574 
25,212

--- Page 269 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
269 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Credit institutions  
37,055,471 
37,805,471 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
15,670,240 
13,597,265 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
759,638 
759,249 
Financial debts  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
- 
- 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
2,062,474 
2,201,594 
Suppliers  
2,062,474 
2,201,594 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
4,639 
12,130 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
243,043 
209,083 
Taxes  
243,043 
209,083 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
12,600,446 
10,415,209 
Accruals and deferred income  
72,997 
450,344 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
278,730,989 
265,493,421 
10.2
Income statement
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Operating income 
17,921,477 
17,374,383 
Turnover 
17,904,749 
17,374,192 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
16,728 
190 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
16,202,237 
14,403,410 
Raw materials, consumables 
- 
- 
Purchases 
- 
-

--- Page 270 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
270 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-)
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
5,920,963 
4,157,801 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
6,979,969 
6,640,276 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-254,000 
20,000 
Other operating charges 
3,555,304 
3,585,333 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
- 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
1,719,240 
2,970,973 
Financial income 
1,074,927 
939,374 
Recurring financial income 
1,074,927 
939,374 
Income from financial fixed assets 
- 
- 
Income from current assets 
95,277 
60,875 
Other financial income 
979,650 
878,499 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
739,806 
710,874 
Recurring financial charges 
739,806 
710,874 
Debt charges 
735,758 
710,348 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
4,048 
526 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
2,054,361 
3,199,472 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
- 
-6,457 
Taxes 
- 
1479 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
- 
7,936 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
2,054,361 
3,205,930

--- Page 271 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
271 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
2,054,361 
3,205,930 
11
Sibelgas 
11.1
Balance sheet
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
ASSETS 
Formation expenses 
- 
- 
FIXED ASSETS 
211,347,707 
201,819,901 
Intangible fixed assets 
2,211,754 
2,240,947 
Tangible fixed assets 
209,108,965 
199,551,965 
Land and buildings 
1,866,028 
1,809,015 
Plant, machinery and equipment 
182,184,689 
182,578,161 
Furniture and vehicles 
703,652 
701,058 
Leasing and similar rights 
- 
- 
Other tangible fixed assets 
209,206 
240,642 
Assets under construction and advance payments 
24,145,390 
14,223,090 
Financial fixed assets 
26,989 
26,989 
Affiliated enterprises 
- 
- 
Participating interests 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Enterprises linked by participating interests 
26,989 
26,989 
Participating interests 
26,989 
26,989 
Amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Other financial fixed assets 
- 
- 
Shares 
- 
- 
Amounts receivable and cash guarantees 
- 
- 
CURRENT ASSETS 
38,873,919 
38,437,542 
Amounts receivable after more than one year 
- 
- 
Trade debtors 
- 
- 
Other amounts receivable 
- 
- 
Stocks and contracts in progress 
1,761,201 
1,597,375 
Stocks 
- 
- 
Raw materials and consumables 
- 
-

--- Page 272 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
272 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Work in progress 
- 
- 
Finished goods 
- 
- 
Goods purchased for resale 
- 
- 
Immovable property intended for sale 
- 
- 
Advance payments 
- 
- 
Contracts in progress 
1,761,201 
1,597,375 
Amounts receivable within one year 
25,189,830 
21,639,168 
Trade debtors 
12,264,566 
7,705,004 
Other amounts receivable 
12,925,263 
13,934,165 
Current investments 
- 
- 
Own shares 
- 
- 
Other investments 
- 
- 
Cash at bank and in hand 
1,076 
302 
Deferred charges and accrued income 
11,921,813 
15,200,697 
TOTAL ASSETS 
250,221,626 
240,257,443 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
EQUITY 
74,093,335 
75,969,216 
Contribution excluding capital 
70,923,546 
70,923,546 
Contribution available 
70,923,546 
70,923,546 
Contribution unavailable 
- 
- 
Revaluation surpluses 
- 
- 
Reserves 
762,097 
1,878,239 
Reserves not available 
- 
- 
In respect of own shares held 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Available reserves 
762,097 
1,878,239 
Accumulated profits (losses) 
2,407,693 
3,167,431 
Investment grants 
- 
- 
Advances to shareholders on the distribution of net 
assets 
- 
- 
PROVISIONS AND DEFERRED TAXES 
24,926 
43,931 
Provisions for liabilities and charges 
24,926 
43,931 
Pensions and similar obligations 
- 
-

--- Page 273 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
273 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Taxation 
- 
- 
Major repairs and maintenance 
- 
- 
Environmental obligations 
- 
- 
Other liabilities and charges 
24,926 
43,931 
Deferred taxes 
- 
- 
AMOUNTS PAYABLE  
176,103,365 
164,244,297 
Amounts payable after more than one year  
122,295,072 
107,971,680 
Financial debts  
122,295,072 
107,971,680 
Subordinated loans  
- 
- 
Unsubordinated debentures  
- 
- 
Leasing and other similar obligations  
- 
- 
Credit institutions  
122,295,072 
107,971,680 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
- 
- 
Suppliers  
- 
- 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
- 
- 
Amounts payable within one year  
47,532,310 
49,796,516 
Current portion of amounts payable after more than 
one year falling due within one year 
13,325,194 
14,861,920 
Financial debts  
25,003,218 
25,000,000 
Credit institutions  
25,003,218 
25,000,000 
Other loans  
- 
- 
Trade debts  
6,181,644 
6,236,816 
Suppliers  
6,181,644 
6,236,816 
Bills of exchange payable  
- 
- 
Advances received on contracts in progress  
1,609,494 
1,901,748 
Taxes, remuneration and social security  
642,841 
1,026,113 
Taxes  
642,841 
1,026,113 
Remuneration and social security  
- 
- 
Other amounts payable  
769,919 
769,918 
Accruals and deferred income  
6,275,983 
6,476,102 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
250,221,626 
240,257,443

--- Page 274 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
274 
11.2
Income statement
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Operating income 
57,282,716 
62,653,135 
Turnover 
55,549,932 
56,349,521 
Stocks of finished goods and work and contracts in 
progress: increase (decrease) (+)/(-) 
163,826 
838,030 
Own work capitalised 
- 
- 
Other operating income 
1,568,958 
5,465,585 
Non-recurring operating income 
- 
- 
Operating charges 
49,904,517 
49,767,255 
Raw materials, consumables 
26,481,564 
25,282,740 
Purchases 
26,481,564 
25,282,740 
Stocks: decrease (increase) (+)/(-)
- 
- 
Services and other goods 
13,123,397 
15,095,260 
Remuneration, social security costs and pensions 
(+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Depreciation of and other amounts written off 
formation expenses, intangible and tangible fixed 
assets 
8,633,000 
8,488,517 
Amounts written off stocks, contracts in progress and 
trade debtors: Appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-209,074 
-53,430 
Provisions for liabilities and charges: Appropriations 
(uses and write-backs) (+)/(-) 
-19,005 
-9,240 
Other operating charges 
1,894,635 
1,963,409 
Operating charges carried to assets as restructuring 
costs (-) 
- 
- 
Non-recurring operating charges 
- 
- 
Operating profit (loss) (+)/(-) 
7,378,199 
12,885,880 
Financial income 
47,585 
17,559 
Recurring financial income 
47,585 
17,559 
Income from financial fixed assets 
- 
- 
Income from current assets 
47,583 
17,558 
Other financial income 
1 
1 
Non-recurring financial income 
- 
- 
Financial charges 
3,219,118 
3,531,277 
Recurring financial charges 
3,219,118 
3,531,277 
Debt charges 
3,217,869 
3,529,901

--- Page 275 ---
Annex – Balance sheet and income statement of each Guarantor 
275 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
Amounts written off current assets except stocks, 
contracts in progress and trade debtors: 
appropriations (write-backs) (+)/(-) 
- 
- 
Other financial charges 
1,248 
1,376 
Non-recurring financial charges 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) for the period before taxes (+)/(-) 
4,206,666 
9,372,162 
Transfer from deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Transfer to deferred taxes 
- 
- 
Income taxes (+)/(-) 
1,349,830 
2,665,605 
Taxes 
1,350,663 
2,665,605 
Adjustment of income taxes and write-back of tax 
provisions 
832 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period (+)/(-) 
2,856,836 
6,706,558 
Transfer from untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Transfer to untaxed reserves 
- 
- 
Profit (loss) of the period available for appropriation 
(+)/(-) 
2,856,836 
6,706,558

--- Page 276 ---
276 
ISSUER 
Fluvius System Operator CV 
Brusselsesteenweg 199 
9090 Melle 
Belgium 
GUARANTORS 
Fluvius Antwerpen 
Antwerpsesteenweg 260 
2660 Antwerp (Hoboken) 
Belgium 
Fluvius Limburg 
Trichterheideweg 8 
3500 Hasselt 
Belgium
Fluvius West 
Noordlaan 9 
8820 Torhout 
Belgium 
Gaselwest 
President Kennedypark 12 
8500 Kortrijk 
Belgium 
Imewo 
Brusselsesteenweg 199 
9090 Melle 
Belgium 
Intergem 
Franz Courtensstraat 11 
9200 Dendermonde 
Belgium 
Iveka 
Koningin Elisabethlei 38 
2300 Turnhout 
Belgium 
Iverlek 
Aarschotsesteenweg 58 
3012 Leuven (Wilsele) 
Belgium 
PBE 
Diestsesteenweg 126 
3210 Lubbeek 
Belgium 
Riobra 
Oude Baan 148 
3210 Lubbeek 
Belgium 
Sibelgas 
Stadhuis, Grote Markt 
1800 Vilvoorde 
Belgium 
CO-ARRANGERS 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Karel Rogierplein 11 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Warandeberg 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
DEALERS
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Karel Rogierplein 11 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Warandeberg 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France
PAYING AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT AND LISTING AGENT 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Karel Rogierplein 11 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium

--- Page 277 ---
277 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
to the Issuer and the Guarantors 
to the Co-Arrangers and the Dealers 
Linklaters LLP 
Brederodestraat 13 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Louizalaan 65, box 2 
1050 Brussels 
Belgium 
AUDITORS 
to the Issuer 
to the Guarantors 
EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12 
9051 Ghent 
Belgium
EY Bedrijfsrevisoren BV 
Pauline Van Pottelsberghelaan 12 
9051 Ghent 
Belgium