--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
FORTUM OYJ 
(incorporated with limited liability in Finland) 
€8,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the "CSSF"), which is the Luxembourg competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the EU 
Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of notes ("Notes") 
by Fortum Oyj ("Fortum", the "Issuer") issued under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date 
hereof.  
The CSSF has only approved the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in such Notes. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and 
financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency 
of the Issuer. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid until 
22 June 2023, being twelve months from the date of approval. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. Applications have been made for such Notes to be 
admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the official list and to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments (as amended, "EU MiFID II"). This Base Prospectus will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final 
Terms") which will be filed with the CSSF.   
The Programme has been rated "BBB" by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and "BBB" by S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). S&P and Fitch are established in the European Union (the 
"EU") and are registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). As such Fitch and S&P are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. S&P and Fitch are not established in the United Kingdom but the ratings issued by S&P

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
 
and Fitch have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch Ratings Ltd, respectively, 
in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation") and have not 
been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P and Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in 
the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. An obligation rated ‘BBB’ by S&P 
exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing 
circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on 
the obligations.  An obligation rated ‘BBB’ by Fitch indicates that expectations of default risk are 
currently low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate, but adverse 
business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings 
assigned to the Programme. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors 
that may affect the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed 
under "Risk Factors" on pages 13 to 29 of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The 
Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act ("Regulation S")) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act.  
Interest payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR or STIBOR 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money 
Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) (the "EMMI") and the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility (as administrators of STIBOR) (the "SFBF") are included in ESMA's register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation").  
 
Arranger 
Citigroup 
Dealers 
Barclays 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
 
Nordea 
SEB 
Dated 22 June 2022

--- Page 3 ---
CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ....................................................................................................................... 1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 13 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................... 30 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ................................................................... 33 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................... 34 
FORMS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................... 35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. 42 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 78 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ........ 95 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................... 97 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 119 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 121 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 127

--- Page 4 ---
1 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, "EU 
Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of its knowledge, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
"Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as 
described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below.  
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the 
subject of Final Terms, must be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case 
of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base 
Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base 
Prospectus contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue, offering and 
sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are 
honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base Prospectus does 
not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or 
intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue and offering and sale of the Notes) not misleading 
in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the CSSF. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the 
Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the issue of 
any Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer.

--- Page 5 ---
2 
 
 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have independently verified the information 
herein and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or accepts any 
responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) 
in connection with the Programme and the issue and offering of the Notes thereunder. Neither the 
delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, 
in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to 
involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date 
thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any environmental or sustainability assessment of 
any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such 
Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels. 
None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor the 
impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party 
made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, nor is any such opinion or 
certification a recommendation by the Issuer or any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the 
event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or 
other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or 
assurance is given by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering 
material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any 
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes in bearer 
form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of 
Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor, any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or

--- Page 6 ---
3 
 
 
purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have 
made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Product Governance under EU MiFID II 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "EU MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is 
a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK 
MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("EU 
Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in

--- Page 7 ---
4 
 
 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and 
Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) (the "SFA"). The Issuer 
will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in 
relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Regulation 
3(b) of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
will not exceed €8,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall 
be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes or on the preceding day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London (calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement)). The maximum aggregate principal amount 
of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time 
to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under 
"Subscription and Sale" below. 
Global Notes and Certificates 
Unless otherwise provided with respect to a particular Series of Registered Notes, Registered Notes will 
be represented by a Global Certificate (a "Global Certificate"). Each Global Certificate will either be 
(a) registered in the name of a common depository (or its nominee) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") in the case of a Note 
which is not to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure (as defined herein); or (b) registered in 
the name of a common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg in 
the case of a Note which is to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure. Individual note certificates 
("Individual Note Certificates") evidencing holdings of Registered Notes will only be available in 
certain limited circumstances. See "Forms of the Notes " below. 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global note (a "Temporary 
Global Note") or a permanent global note (a "Permanent Global Note"), in each case, without interest 
coupons and which, in each case, will be deposited on the issue date thereof (a) with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in the case of Notes which are not 
intended to be issued in NGN form (as defined herein); or (b) with a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg in the case of Notes which are intended to be issued in NGN form. 
Beneficial interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for either beneficial interests in 
a Permanent Global Note or Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes") upon certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations. Each Permanent Global 
Note may be exchanged for Definitive Notes (save to the extent otherwise indicated in the applicable

--- Page 8 ---
5 
 
 
Final Terms) only in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note, in each case in 
accordance with the procedure described in "Forms of the Notes" below. For further details of clearing 
and settlement of the Notes issued under the Programme, see "Book-Entry Clearance Systems" below. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are 
to United States dollars, references to "SEK" are to Swedish krona, references to "RUB" are to Russian 
ruble and references to "EUR" or "euro" or "€" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to "Baltic countries" refer to Estonia, 
Latvia and Lithuania and references to "Group" are to Fortum Oyj and its subsidiaries.  
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which 
precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Certain terms used in this Base Prospectus and financial measures presented in the information 
incorporated by reference are not recognised financial measures under the International Financial 
Reporting Standards ("IFRS") ("Alternative Performance Measures" or "APMs") and may therefore 
not be considered as an alternative to the financial measures defined in the accounting standards in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Issuer presents APMs because it 
believes that these and similar measures are used by certain investors, securities analysts and other 
interested parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. The APMs may differ from 
company to company and therefore may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other 
companies. The APMs may also have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in 
isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the Issuer's operating results as reported under IFRS. 
For definitions and further explanations of Alternative Performance Measures, please refer to the 
relevant sections of the Financial Statements 2021, as set out in "Information Incorporated by 
Reference", below.

--- Page 9 ---
6 
 
 
Third party information 
In respect of information in this Base Prospectus sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that 
the information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Suitability of investment 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate, legal and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 10 ---
7 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from and is qualified in 
its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree 
that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions in which 
event, in the case of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation"). 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this general description. Under the Programme, the Issuer 
may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency or currencies subject as set out herein.  
 
Issuer:  
Fortum Oyj. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
635400IUIZZIUJSAMF76. 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited. 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Nordea Bank Abp and 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) and any other Dealer 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent and Transfer 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination 
of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
Under the EU Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to 
money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 
12 months and complying also with the definition of securities 
are not subject to the approval provisions stated therein.

--- Page 11 ---
8 
 
 
Registrar: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Luxembourg Listing Agent, 
Paying Agent and Transfer 
Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) 
pursuant to this Base Prospectus and associated Final Terms or 
(2) pursuant to a drawdown prospectus (each a "Drawdown 
Prospectus") prepared in connection with a particular Tranche 
of Notes. 
 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those 
Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and this Base Prospectus 
and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes as supplemented, amended 
and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which 
is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in 
the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Applications have been made for Notes to be admitted during 
the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on the 
official list and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
United States Selling 
Restriction: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D or TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 12 ---
9 
 
 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €8,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement and, in such 
case, shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
prepare a new Base Prospectus which shall be filed with the 
CSSF. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue 
date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each 
Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects save 
that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private placement or more 
widely and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in 
registered form ("Registered Notes"). Bearer Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Registered Notes and Registered Notes will 
not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes. No single Series or 
Tranche may comprise both Bearer Notes and Registered Notes. 
 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of 
either a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
or a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms (each a 
"Global Note"). Each Global Note which is not intended to be 
issued in new global note form ("NGN"), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant 
Issue Date with a depositary or a common depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended 
to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant Issue Date 
with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Each 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D 
Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note. 
 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes 
will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if 
appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons.

--- Page 13 ---
10 
 
 
 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will initially be represented 
by a Global Certificate which will either be: (a) in the case of 
Note which is not to be held under the new safekeeping structure 
("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the 
name of a common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Global 
Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common depositary; or (b) in the case of a note to be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure, registered in the name of a 
common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant Global Certificate 
will be deposited on or about the Issue Date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes 
may, subject to such compliance, be made in and/or linked to, 
any currency or currencies other than the currency in which such 
Notes are denominated. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price and on a fully paid basis. The 
price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the 
time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject, in relation to specific currencies, to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. 
 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) 
the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on 
from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it 
is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Issuer. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.

--- Page 14 ---
11 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
basis of a reference rate appearing on the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or 
the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior 
to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option 
of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders 
to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as described 
in Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event has occurred, such that any rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, then such rate of interest 
may be substituted (subject to certain conditions) with a 
successor or alternative rate (with consequential amendment to 
the terms of such Series of Notes and, potentially, the application 
of an adjustment spread (which could be positive, negative or 
zero)) 
as 
described 
in 
Condition 
8(i) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing. Interest 
(if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the 
method of calculating interest may vary between the issue date 
and the maturity date of the relevant Series. The terms and 
conditions also provide for additional fallbacks in the event that

--- Page 15 ---
12 
 
 
one or more benchmark rates used to determine the interest 
payable on the Notes is discontinued. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements, save that no Notes will be issued under the 
Programme with a minimum denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency agreed as at 
the Issue Date). 
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described 
in Condition 6 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear of 
withholding taxes of Finland, unless the withholding is required 
by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in 
Condition 12 (Taxation)) pay such additional amounts as will 
result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would 
have received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding 
been required. 
Rating: 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the 
Programme. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material 
in the United States of America, the EEA (including Belgium 
and Finland), the United Kingdom, Japan and Singapore. See 
"Subscription and Sale" below. 
Risk Factors: 
Investing in the Notes involves risks. See "Risk Factors".

--- Page 16 ---
13 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency 
occurring. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with, any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may currently 
be unable to anticipate. 
Prospective investors are encouraged to read all information in this Base Prospectus carefully as well 
as to closely review the risk factors listed below in order to reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Commodity market risks 
Renegotiation of Long-Term Gas Contracts Risk 
Uniper SE ("Uniper") is the Group's majority owned subsidiary. Uniper's majority owned subsidiaries 
have entered into long-term gas supply contracts amounting to 368 terawatt-hours ("TWh") per annum. 
Long-term gas supply contracts typically include contractual provisions permitting the customer and 
the supplier to adapt contractual terms as a result of changes in market conditions. If market conditions 
in the German market are impacted by the Russian invasion of Ukraine, such market changes could be 
taken into account in a potential contract adaption. This creates a risk for Uniper of new conditions that 
are detrimental to the Group which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Market environment and other macroeconomic risks 
The Group is exposed to the risks of a general deterioration of the energy market environment. These 
risks include global macroeconomic developments affecting the supply and demand of energy 
commodities, changes in the competitive situation as well as regulatory changes affecting the supply-
demand balance. 
Changes in the market environment and general economic conditions are long-term factors which 
influence demand and available generation capacity, which in turn, affects the long-term electricity 
price. A downward pressure on prices can be caused by excessive investment in generation relative to 
demand development. Demand development may deteriorate in relation to forecasts due to, for example, 
decreased industrial activity. Such reduction in prices could reduce profitability of the Group's 
generation assets. 
If any of these risks materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 17 ---
14 
 
 
Commodity prices and volume risks 
The Group is exposed to electricity, emissions and fuel price movements and volume changes mainly 
through its power and heat generation. The profitability of outright production assets, such as hydro, 
nuclear and wind power generation, are primarily exposed to fluctuations in electricity prices and 
volumes, whereas the profitability of coal and gas fired generation assets depend on the spread between 
the electricity price and the emission and fuel prices.  
In the Nordics and central European countries, electricity prices and, consequently, the amount of 
profitable production exhibit significant variation on the back of several factors, for instance, but not 
limited to weather conditions, outage patterns in production and transmission lines, CO2 allowance 
prices, fuel prices, as well as the amount of electricity demand.  
The Group is exposed to gas and liquefied natural gas ("LNG") price movements and volume changes 
from Uniper’s gas and LNG business. Significant price moves, seasonal weather patterns, fluctuation 
of spreads between gas hubs and potential reductions in sales volumes could have material adverse 
effects on the Group's business and cash flows, financial condition and results from operations. 
In the long-term, there are no assurances that current electricity price levels can be sustained. A 
significant downturn in electricity prices or a significant increase in fuel prices or the price of CO2 
emissions allowance without a corresponding increase in electricity prices, could have material adverse 
effects on the Group's business and cash flows, financial condition and results from operations. 
If any commodity price and volume risk materialise, this could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Regasification Capacities Risk 
A deterioration in the economic situation or upheavals in the market for LNG could lead to a lower than 
planned utilisation of the long-term capacity booked in the regasification plants in the Group's LNG 
business and make it necessary to set up provisions in its financial accounts for onerous contracts over 
the entire remaining booking period.  
If any risk related to the long-term capacities in the regasification plants of the LNG business 
materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and cash flows, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Political, Regulatory and Legal Risks 
Russia Ukraine Conflict 
Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, owning and operating a profitable power and heat 
generation business in Russia has become challenging for the Group. Fortum announced in March 2022 
that no further investments will be made in Russia and that existing contracts will not be renewed when 
they expire.  
The Group is also pursuing a controlled exit from the Russian market with potential divestments of its 
Russian operations as the preferred path. The divestment process for Uniper’s Russian subsidiary, 
Unipro, is also expected to be resumed as soon as possible. While the Group owns and operates 
generation business in Russia, it is exposed to risks such as the Ruble exchange rate, interest rates 
(which also impact capacity payments) and the regulation of the power and heat business. Risks relating 
to these drivers have all become partly realised as a result of the deterioration of the overall macro-
economic and business environment, including Gross Domestic Product ("GDP") growth, inflation and 
increasing interest rates. The profitability of Fortum’s Russian businesses in euro terms has been

--- Page 18 ---
15 
 
 
negatively impacted by the current geopolitical situation, and the risk of further deterioration is 
increasing in the event of a prolonged conflict or further escalation. There is an increasing risk of 
Russian countermeasures aimed at enabling nationalisation of foreign-owned assets in Russia in 
retaliation of western sanctions. Such countermeasures could result in loss of control or, in an extreme 
case, expropriation of the Group's Russian assets. This would also lead to the accumulated Ruble 
translation reserve on the book value of the Russian participations to be reclassified to the income 
statement (equity neutral), although it would not affect the equity as it is already reflected there. Any of 
these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations and cash flow. 
Curtailment risk on physical commodity flows  
The war in Ukraine has increased the curtailment risk on the physical supply of gas, coal, nuclear fuel 
and oil from Russia to the Group which could have follow-on implications, for example on the 
availability of the Group's power plants and the physical deliveries to Uniper's customers, particularly 
for gas.  The materialisation of the gas curtailment risk could be triggered by a variety of events such 
as sanctions from the US/EU/UK on the one side or Russia on the other side, as well as physical 
interruptions due to damage to gas infrastructure. If this were to materialise it may require Uniper to 
source gas in the market, at currently elevated prices, to serve its customers. In the event of a significant 
curtailment of gas flows causing an imbalance between gas supply and demand, the German authorities 
may declare a state of emergency. In such a case the regulator ("BNetzA") as so-called federal load 
distributor (Bundeslastverteiler) would implement measures to reduce demand. In addition, the newly 
revised Energy Security Act (Gesetz zur Sicherung der Energieversorgung or EnSiG) foresees that 
certain replacement costs may be passed on to counterparties. The newly approved update enables 
passing on increases in gas procurement costs to customers in the case of gas curtailment. There are, 
however, still many uncertainties regarding the practical implementation of this and how, in case of a 
state of emergency regulation, the financial impact would be split between the German government, 
Uniper and the gas customers. 
If any risk related to the curtailment on physical commodity flows materialises, this could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business and cash flows, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Sanctions risks 
The unpredictable nature of sanctions, the current geopolitical situation and possible countermeasures 
by Russia pose a significant risk for the Group. The EU, US and UK have already implemented a 
number of sanctions toward Russia targeting, among other things, the financial and energy sectors. The 
sanctions imposed so far restrict certain business relations in affected sectors and limit the ability to 
make cross-border payments from Fortum’s and Uniper’s Russian units which may restrict repatriation 
of future dividends from the Russian operations, the Group's internal loan repayments and interest rate 
payments. 
A further widening of sanctions against Russia, and possible Russian imposed  countermeasures, may 
impact current or future business relations. If any risk related to sanctions materialises, this could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business and cash flows, financial condition and results of 
operations.  
Nordic and EU 
The energy sector is heavily influenced by national and European Union ("EU") level energy policies 
and regulations. National policies in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates vary considerably 
when it comes to, for example, taxation, granting of permits, subsidies and market model, meaning that 
the Group has to manage risks related to both EU regulation and national regulation in each of the 
countries in which it operates. The Group's strategy has been developed based on possible scenarios of

--- Page 19 ---
16 
 
 
the future development of the regulatory environment in both existing and potential new businesses and 
market areas. The overall complexity and possible regulatory changes in the Group's various operating 
countries pose risks to business operations as described below. 
• 
Reaching the established (EU and national) decarbonisation targets requires that all CO2 free 
energy production technologies are treated equally in legislation and that there is political 
acceptance for them to have a role in decarbonisation. However, there is a risk that some 
technologies are preferred over others for other reasons rather than their CO2 footprint, leading 
to an uneven situation between different production forms.  
• 
Growing acceptability issues relating to various forms of energy and energy technologies 
creates uncertainty and risks for planned investments. Increasing and broadening sustainability 
requirements, for example in the context of the EU Sustainable Finance taxonomy, could lead 
to a situation where a large part of the Group's CO2 free or low carbon energy productions being 
classified as non-sustainable, which may lead to higher capital costs for new investments. 
• 
National climate policies or steering mechanisms that exceed, or are overlapping with, the EU 
climate targets, risk diluting the EU emissions trading system ("ETS") and creating 
inefficiencies based on uncoordinated national non-market-based carbon reduction 
mechanisms. This, in turn, could lead to inefficiencies for the Group in executing its strategy. 
In addition, lower carbon prices could lead to lower profitability of carbon-free assets. 
• 
In the context of national climate strategies, several countries have decided to phase out certain 
energy production technologies such as coal and nuclear. In case such political decisions are 
made without offering sufficient compensation to investors and/or asset owners, there is a risk 
of loss of earnings as well as dismantling costs. Following the Coal Exit law in Germany 
(Gesetz zur Reduzierung und zur Beendigung der Kohleverstromung) which entered into force 
in August 2020 ("Coal Exit law"), and the auctions executed by the BNetzA so far, the timeline 
and conditions for the phase-out of coal and its conditions are now largely determined in the 
European countries where the Group operates its coal plants. The residual risk in Germany 
stems from the Coal Exit law having agreed review points, which could result in the German 
government deciding to shorten the runtime of Datteln 4 including the associated financial 
conditions. The German government has announced that it will bring forward the review 
originally planned for 2026 to 2022. At this point, it is not possible to assess the potential 
financial impact on the Group related to the German government’s plans to complete the coal 
exit in 2030.  
• 
National investment schemes and support systems for new renewable energy production, such 
as the newly-implemented offshore wind support system in Sweden, may lower profitability of 
incumbent electricity production and lead to market distortions because of increased grid costs 
since producers pay a large part of total grid costs. Fortum may also suffer from lower electricity 
prices since, all else being equal, production that otherwise would not be profitable will come 
online.  
• 
Tightening emission standards, restrictions or taxation of waste incineration and an increasing 
tax burden on heating fuels may also negatively impact the Group's targeted earnings in future. 
There can be no assurances that current regulatory frameworks will remain or that future changes to 
existing frameworks will not negatively impact the Group's business and cash flows, financial condition 
and results of operations.

--- Page 20 ---
17 
 
 
Legal risk related to the Datteln 4 permit  
Since 30 May 2020, the coal-fired power plant Datteln 4 with an installed capacity of approximately 
1,055 MW has been in commercial operation. Construction and operation are based on the immission 
control permit from the district government of Munster and the project-based development plan No. 
105a by the city of Datteln. However, the project continues to be the subject of several administrative 
lawsuits. On 26 August 2021, the Higher Administrative Court of North Rhine-Westphalia declared the 
development plan No. 105a-Kraftwerk by the city of Datteln as invalid and did not allow for an appeal. 
The court decision is not yet legally binding. Uniper and the city of Datteln submitted a non-admission 
complaint to obtain the right to appeal. If, as a result of the pending legal proceedings, the permit is 
revoked, there is the risk that all investments made until then will have to be written off with their then 
remaining book value. In addition, planned earnings cannot be realised. The Coal Exit law has not 
changed the potential for this permitting risk. 
If the risk of Datteln 4 losing its immission control permit materialises, this could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Nuclear final disposal cost risk  
In both Finland and Sweden, the future costs of the final disposal of spent fuel, the management of low 
and intermediate-level radioactive waste and the decommissioning of the radioactive part of the nuclear 
power plant are provided for by a state-established fund to which nuclear power plant operators finance. 
Contributions to these funds should be sufficient to fully cover expected costs for handling all the 
produced radioactive waste, but the possibility exists that future costs could exceed currently estimated 
fund provisions. If this were to occur, the Group would be responsible for any such excess costs in 
relation to its share of operations and assets. If any such costs materialise, this could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Litigation risks  
The Group's operations in a variety of jurisdictions expose the Group to various legal risks. These 
mainly comprise risks arising from threatened or pending legal proceedings regarding contract and price 
adjustments in connection with long-term supply or sales contracts, energy law and regulatory issues, 
licensing matters, liabilities arising from acquired companies as well as supplier disputes or disputes 
related to investment agreements. Material litigation could negatively impact the Group's financial 
condition and its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Operational Risks 
Asset operations 
Energy generation, storage, distribution, waste recycling and control of operations is a complex 
procedure which involves the usage, storage and transportation of fuels and materials, including 
hazardous waste, that can have adverse effects on the environment and expose personnel, contractors 
and third parties to safety risks. Any unwanted operational event (which could, for example, be caused 
by technical failure, human or process error, natural disasters, sabotage or terrorist attack) may endanger 
personal safety or lead to environmental or physical damage, business interruptions and possible third-
party liability. The cost of repairing such damages may be high, particularly when concerning the 
Group's largest units.  
The Group has large number of hydro power plants and dams in the Nordics and Germany. A dam 
breach is a serious accident with the threat of possible significant damage downstream. The Group owns 
the Loviisa nuclear power plant in Finland and the Oskarshamn power plant in Sweden and has minority 
interests in Finnish and Swedish nuclear companies. Any severe accident or nuclear release in nuclear

--- Page 21 ---
18 
 
 
power plants could lead to high costs, environmental damages and third-party liabilities. Both dam and 
nuclear catastrophic incidents are extremely rare, however despite this and the measures taken by the 
Group to mitigate the risks, there can be no assurances that failures and accidents will not occur.  
If any asset operation risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
reputation, business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Cyber, information and business security risks  
The Group's business operations and customer-related services are dependent on well-functioning IT, 
communication and information management systems and processes. Due to the nature of the business, 
large amounts of data are processed, often in real-time, and used for operating critical infrastructure 
including power stations and gas storage facilities, trading and hedging decisions, serving customers, 
decision-making, and in internal and external communication and reporting. In its business operations, 
the Group is increasingly exposed to cyber security risks, including risks related to information and 
operational technology systems, digitalisation and privacy. Physical attacks against the Group's assets 
are also possible and may have a material impact. Although the Group has established instructions and 
practices to reduce risks and increase security, there can be no assurance that losses or costs caused by 
information and cyber security breaches will be prevented in the future.  
If any cyber, information and business security risk materialises, this could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.  
People risks 
A failure to attract, recruit and retain a sufficient number of employees with key competences will 
negatively impact the Group's business operations. In addition, people risks include health and safety 
risks, risks due to the loss of special skills and risks due to errors on the part of employees who have 
not been sufficiently trained or who are not sufficiently qualified. Specifically in its commodity trading 
business, Uniper has particular expertise and key persons which - in case they were to leave - could 
have a tangible impact on the Group's earnings potential, business continuation, innovation and 
development. There is a risk that an inability to attract and retain the right competence on terms 
satisfactory to it would have a significant adverse effect on the Group's business and financial position. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that members of executive bodies or employees may conclude unauthorised 
or illegal transactions that could lead to legal proceedings being initiated against the Group or its 
employees, resulting in fines, loss of licenses or similar. This could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
Asset project risks  
The 
Group's 
business 
activities 
involve 
construction, 
modernisation, 
maintenance 
and 
decommissioning of power plants or other energy industry facilities. There is a risk that construction 
costs exceed planned costs or that construction delays occur as the result of regulatory or permit issues, 
failure of key suppliers, being unable to obtain permits discontinuing the project. Asset projects also 
face environmental, health and safety risks. Asset project risks may arise both for the Group's own 
assets projects, or projects carried out through joint ventures or associated companies. If any asset 
project risk materialises, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and cash 
flows, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 22 ---
19 
 
 
Financial Risks  
Rating downgrade risk 
The Group's business is capital intensive and there is a constant need to ensure efficient financing and 
access to liquidity. The Issuer is currently rated BBB with a negative outlook by S&P and BBB with 
stable outlook by Fitch. Uniper is currently rated BBB- with a negative outlook by S&P. The negative 
outlook on Fortum’s and Uniper's credit rating reflects the above-average exposure to Russia. 
Specifically, the risk of gas curtailment (see "Political, Regulatory and Legal Risks - Curtailment risk 
on physical commodity flows", above) and potential challenges in repatriating cash from Russia. In 
addition, the increased volatility in gas prices is expected to remain which could challenge liquidity 
management. 
A lowering of credit ratings, in particular to below investment grade level (BB+ or below), could affect 
the Group’s access to capital markets and increase the costs of new financing.  
Furthermore a downgrade from Uniper’s current BBB- rating would trigger counterparties' (particularly 
in the trading business) right to demand additional collateral, which would need to be provided by 
Uniper in the form of liquid assets or bank guarantees. The quantum of such collateral requirements, 
whilst uncertain, could be very significant which could materially negatively impact Uniper's liquidity, 
business and cash flow and financial condition. 
A rating downgrade of the Issuer and/or Uniper could therefore have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's business and cash flow, financial condition or results of operations, which may negatively affect 
the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Liquidity risk 
The Issuer's continued operations depend upon access to liquid funds in order to ensure its ability to 
meet payment obligations. There can be large swings in cash needed for working capital demand, for 
settlement or as collateral depending on how commodity market prices and volatility develop. An 
inability to meet any such payment obligations due to a lack of liquidity may negatively impact the 
Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme and could have 
material adverse effects on the Group's business and cash flow, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Financing Risk 
A lowering of credit ratings, the violation of sanctions or material adverse change events, such as a 
severe gas curtailment, could affect the Group’s access to capital markets and increase the costs of 
financing. A deterioration in the Group’s access to capital markets could therefore have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business and cash flow, financial condition or results of operations, which 
may negatively affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Currency exchange rates risk 
The Group has cash flows, assets and liabilities in currencies other than EUR and is therefore exposed 
to fluctuations in exchange rates. Currency risk arises mainly from physical and financial trading of 
commodities, existing and new investments, external and internal financing and shareholder loans 
within the Group. 
The main currency exposure is toward EUR/Swedish Krona ("SEK"), EUR/Russian Ruble ("RUB") 
and EUR/British Pound Sterling ("GBP"), arising from the Group's extensive operations in Sweden,

--- Page 23 ---
20 
 
 
Russia and the UK. Fluctuations of the SEK, RUB and the GBP against the EUR could have an adverse 
effect on future results and on the value of net investments of the Group, when consolidating results 
and net investments in Swedish, Russian and UK affiliates into the reporting currency (EUR) of the 
Issuer. This may negatively affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
Interest Rate Risk  
The Issuer's debt portfolio consists of interest bearing assets and liabilities on a fixed and floating rate 
basis with differing maturity profiles. The Group is exposed to cash flow risk from changes in interest 
rates mainly from interest-bearing liabilities and derivatives. Additionally changes in general interest 
rate levels may have an impact on discount rates of various provisions such as pension provisions and 
asset retirement obligations, causing changes in amount of interest bearing debt and financial costs, but 
without a cash flow impact. There can be no assurances that Issuer will be able to manage interest rate 
risks successfully. This may negatively impact the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme.  
Counterparty credit risks 
The Group is exposed to counterparty risk whenever there is a contractual arrangement with an external 
counterparty including customers, suppliers, partners, banks, clearing houses and trading 
counterparties. This risk arises in the form of replacement risk and settlement risk. 
Credit risk exposures relating to financial derivative instruments are often volatile and include both the 
replacement risk and the settlement risk. Exchange traded derivatives are cleared through central 
clearing parties or through a clearing bank while OTC derivative contracts are concluded directly with 
a number of different counterparties including energy wholesalers and retailers, utilities, trading 
companies, energy companies, industrial end-users and financial institutions active in the financial and 
energy markets. 
Due to financing requirements and liquidity management, the Group has counterparty credit exposure 
to a number of banks and financial institutions in the form of cash, deposits and investments in securities 
and commercial papers, including those held as collateral. This includes exposures to the Russian 
financial sector with respect to deposits with financial institutions as well as to banks that provide 
guarantees for suppliers and contracting parties.  
Credit risk exposures relating to customers and suppliers are spread across a wide range of industrial 
counterparties, energy companies, government and municipal entities, utilities, small businesses, 
housing associations and private individuals, over a range of geographic regions. The risk of credit 
losses in the electricity and heat sales business in Russia is deemed higher than in the Group's other 
operating countries. Currently the credit risk towards Russian gas suppliers under Uniper’s long-term 
contracts is also elevated. 
There can be no assurances that the Group will not sustain losses as a result of default, litigation or other 
actions by one or more of its counterparties. Should this occur it could have material adverse effects on 
the Group's business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations and may negatively 
impact the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
Tax risks 
Tax risk refers to the risk associated with changes, errors, failure of controls or disagreements in the 
interpretation of applicable tax laws, changes in operations, long-term profitability or changes in tax 
laws in one or multiple countries which could result in increased charges or financial loss. The Group 
operates in a number of countries and is therefore exposed to these events in multiple countries. These

--- Page 24 ---
21 
 
 
risks may materialise through a tax authority-initiated process followed by a legal process in one or 
multiple jurisdictions with a court confirming valid interpretation of local or EU law or tax treaties. In 
case multiple countries are involved, it may result in a mutual agreement process defining the final stand 
in the case. A legal process may result in a tax assessment of deductibility, income recognition or 
applicable tax rate on withholding in a business transaction. Risk may materialise also by a revaluation 
of tax related assets, so called deferred tax assets, and liabilities due to changes in operations or tax law.  
Although the Group complies with and respects the purpose of applicable tax laws and regulations, 
there is a risk that its and/or its tax adviser's interpretation is incorrect, changes or that applicable tax 
laws are changed resulting in a retroactive increase of tax liabilities or decreased value of a tax asset. 
Should this occur, it could have material adverse effects on the Group's business and cash flows, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Strategic Risks 
Fortum-Uniper cooperation risk  
The Issuer is the majority shareholder of Uniper, with an ownership of 78.0 per cent. as at 31 December 
2021. Both the Issuer and Uniper have initiated strategic alignment and agreed to co-operate in a number 
of areas including physical trading and optimisation of Nordic hydro operations, jointly developing a 
portfolio of solar and wind projects in Europe and a joint growth strategy in hydrogen. The Group 
estimates positive annual cash impact on a consolidated group basis to be approximately EUR 100 
million. More than EUR 50 million of these annual benefits are expected to have gradually materialised 
by the end of 2023, with full annual impact anticipated in 2025.  The Group's ability to deliver on its 
strategic targets and achieve the expected benefits depends on successful strategy execution and co-
operation between Fortum and Uniper. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Uniper is operating as a separate listed company under German 
regulation.  In the event that this changes in the future and/or if it leads to a full merger of Fortum and 
Uniper, it may entail both increased risks and opportunities. The risks and opportunities related to the 
potential integration of business operations may include creating a common culture, realising cost and 
revenue synergy benefits, combining operating models of the two companies, and motivating and 
retaining key personnel during the integration phase. If the Group is not successful in executing the 
joint strategy and achieving expected benefits from cooperation with Uniper, it could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business operations, cash flows and financial condition.  
Portfolio restructuring risk 
The success of the Group's strategy depends in part upon identifying suitable acquisitions, investments 
or divestment opportunities and successfully completing those transactions. 
The ongoing war in Ukraine and energy market volatility have led to increased uncertainty about 
macroeconomic development and possible impact on future regulation. As a result, there may currently 
be less potential investors, which could lead to planned divestments being postponed or not being 
carried out as planned.  
The Group is continuously assessing its business portfolio and evaluates opportunities for acquisitions, 
investments and divestments primarily in the Nordic, EU and Russian markets. As part of the updated 
strategy, the Group has announced several growth areas for future investments including a sizeable 
renewables portfolio. Even if the Group is able to identify candidates for acquisition or investment, it 
may be difficult to complete transactions. Competition for acquisitions or greenfield investments could 
limit the Group's ability to grow or could raise the prices of acquisitions and make them less attractive 
to the Group.

--- Page 25 ---
22 
 
 
If the Group is not successful in restructuring its portfolio in line with its strategic targets, it could have 
material adverse effect on the Group's business and cash flow, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Technology risk 
The Group's strategy includes investing in new, or not yet commercially viable technologies, such as 
green or blue hydrogen productions, which will support the transition toward a low-carbon economy; 
as well as developing circular economy solutions, other renewable energy concepts and innovative 
solutions for its customers. There are risks inherent in investing in new technologies including, if and 
when, these will become economically viable and protecting intellectual property rights. Incorrect 
choice or timing of investments in new technologies can therefore lead to sunk costs and missed 
opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and cash flow, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Group Structure Risks 
Ownership and controlling interest of the Finnish State 
The Finnish State currently holds 50.76 per cent. of the shares of, and voting rights in, the Issuer. 
Accordingly, the Finnish State will continue to have significant voting power in issues subject to the 
resolution of the shareholders' meeting, such as adoption of the financial statements, decisions on 
dividend distributions, amendments of the articles of association, increases of shareholders' equity, 
securities issues and election and dismissal of the members of the board of directors and supervisory 
board. The significant voting power of the Finnish State may also limit the possibilities to use the shares 
in the Issuer to finance future mergers and acquisition activity. This may require the Issuer to acquire 
additional debt financing to cover the costs of future investments. 
The Issuer is a holding company 
Notes issued under the Programme are the obligation of the Issuer only. The Issuer is a holding company 
and conducts substantially all of its operations through its subsidiaries, and accordingly the claims of 
the Noteholders under the Notes will be structurally subordinated to the claims of all holders of debt 
securities and of all other creditors of the Issuer's subsidiaries (for example, but not limited to, the 
holders of debt securities issued by Uniper). The Issuer's rights to participate in the assets of any 
subsidiary if such subsidiary is liquidated will be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary's 
creditors and any preference shareholders, except in the limited circumstance where the Issuer is a 
creditor of such subsidiary with claims that are recognised to be ranked ahead of, or pari passu with, 
such claims. The Issuer's subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to 
pay any amounts due or to provide the Issuer with funds to meet any of the Issuer's payment obligations 
under the Notes.  
If one of the Issuer's subsidiaries were to be wound up, liquidated or dissolved, (i) the holders of the 
Notes would have no right to proceed against the assets of such subsidiary, and (ii) the Issuer would 
only recover any amounts (directly, or indirectly through its holdings of other subsidiaries) in the 
winding-up, liquidation or dissolution of that subsidiary in respect of its direct or indirect holding of 
ordinary shares in such subsidiary, if and to the extent that any surplus assets remain following payment 
in full of the claims of the creditors (which includes the Issuer) and preference shareholders (if any and 
which may include the Issuer) of that subsidiary. 
Uniper is not a "Subsidiary" under the Conditions and is not subject to the cross default 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Uniper is a Qualifying Societas Europaea as defined in the 
Conditions. For so long as Uniper remains a Qualifying Societas Europaea neither Uniper nor its

--- Page 26 ---
23 
 
 
subsidiaries will constitute "Subsidiaries" as such term is defined in the Conditions. As a result, matters 
affecting Uniper and/or any of its subsidiaries may not trigger an Event of Default as may have been 
the case if any of them were a "Subsidiary" of the Issuer. 
In addition, in the event of a default under any outstanding Notes issued by the Issuer prior to the date 
of this Base Prospectus (the "Currently Outstanding Notes"), where such default occurs as a result 
(directly or indirectly) of a default by Uniper or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries, such default 
will not constitute an Event of Default under Notes issued under this Base Prospectus. Holders of Notes 
issued under this Base Prospectus may therefore be unable to accelerate their Notes at the time when 
holders of Currently Outstanding Notes are able to do so. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features: 
The Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option which may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Notes such as that set out in Condition 10(c) is likely to limit their 
market value. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those 
Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may 
be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of 
borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not 
be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on 
the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.  
Interest rate risks  
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Notes with returns that are calculated with reference to a variable 
Notes may have returns that are variable as a result of the method by which the coupon is calculated or 
of the way interest is paid. The most basic example of this are Notes where the interest rate is floating, 
and therefore subject to changes as a result of movements in the prevailing interest rate. In these cases, 
the success or otherwise of the variable can impact significantly on the return under the Notes as well 
as the ability to trade the Notes on the secondary market. It should be expected that the value of the 
Notes and the secondary market for the Notes may decrease if the performance of the variable is less 
than anticipated. 
These risks depend on a number of inter-related factors, including economic, financial and political 
events over which the Issuer has no control.

--- Page 27 ---
24 
 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where Notes convert from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.  
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Zero coupon Notes 
Zero coupon Notes do not provide for interest payments. They are issued at a discount to their principal 
amount or an accumulated interest basis. Instead of periodic interest payments, the difference between 
the redemption amount and the issue price constitutes interest income until maturity. A holder of a zero 
coupon Note is particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of changes in 
the Market Interest Rate. Prices of zero coupon Notes are more volatile than prices of fixed rate Notes 
and are likely to respond to a greater degree to Market Interest Rate changes than interest bearing notes 
with a similar maturity. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to 
the majority. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for 
projects and activities that promote climate-friendly and/or other environmental purposes (either in 
those words or otherwise) for investment in "Green Projects" which meet the "Eligibility Criteria" 
(as defined in "Use of Proceeds", below). Prospective investors should have regard to the information 
in the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer that the 
use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in

--- Page 28 ---
25 
 
 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Green Project).  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-
labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
"green" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors 
that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will meet any or all investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled 
performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy") or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part 
of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject 
of, or related to, any Green Projects. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not published 
a framework relating to an investment in Green Projects, although the Issuer intends to publish such 
framework prior to the issuance of any Notes under this Programme which specify that the relevant 
proceeds will be used for Green Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to 
fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion 
or certification is only current as of the date that such opinion or certification was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or 
any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that 
the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if 
obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any Notes so specified 
for Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can 
be no assurance that the relevant intended project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance 
with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified 
Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as

--- Page 29 ---
26 
 
 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not 
constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects as aforesaid 
and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that 
the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification 
is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Projects 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities 
to be used for a particular purpose. 
Investors should refer to the Issuer's website and the Green Bond Framework (as defined in "Use of 
Proceeds", below) for further information. 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law 
or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at 
the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Risks related to the secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" Notes may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to 
such "benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate 
("STIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing

--- Page 30 ---
27 
 
 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes 
linked to such a "benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU.  
Among other things it (a) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (b) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes referencing a "benchmark", in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, amongst other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the 
"benchmark".  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
The above reforms may cause EURIBOR, STIBOR and other benchmarks to perform differently than 
they have done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (a) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (b) trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the "benchmarks" or (c) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or 
other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
"benchmark". 
The potential elimination of EURIBOR, STIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation 
provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 8(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation), or 
result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark.  Any such 
consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value and return on any such Notes. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions), as applicable, otherwise occurs. Such event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
issue date for a Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of 
Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions), with the application of an Adjustment Spread (which could be positive, negative

--- Page 31 ---
28 
 
 
or zero) and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper 
operation of the new benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner), all as more fully described in Condition 8(i) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation). It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including the 
application of any Adjustment Spread) may result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the 
Original Reference Rate were continued to apply in its current form. There is also a risk that the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as expected or intended at the relevant time. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for 
a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being 
used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the 
rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or 
review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any 
time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation, (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but endorsed by

--- Page 32 ---
29 
 
 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (3) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website, 
www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk, in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, 
as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating 
agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation, (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, or (3) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided 
the relevant conditions are satisfied.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Enforceability of Judgments 
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 ("Brexit") and the transitional period agreed in the withdrawal 
agreement during which EU law continued to apply in the UK, expired on 31 December 2020.  
There is uncertainty concerning the enforcement of English court judgments in Finland following 
Brexit. The Brussels I Regulation Recast (Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of 
judgments in civil and commercial matters), i.e. the main EU legal instrument governing jurisdiction 
and the enforcement of judgments within the EU, is no longer applicable to legal proceedings 
commenced in the UK after 31 December 2020 or to judgments issued in such proceedings. As no new 
reciprocal agreement on civil justice has been agreed, a judgment entered against the Issuer in an 
English court would not be recognised or enforceable in Finland without a re-trial on its merits. 
Additionally, in connection with Brexit, the UK has applied to accede to the Convention on jurisdiction 
and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the "Lugano 
Convention") in its own right as an independent party. Accession requires unanimous approval from 
all contracting parties, including the EU. Should the UK‘s accession to the Lugano Convention be 
unanimously approved by the contracting parties, the applicable rules on jurisdiction and the 
enforcement of judgments in cross-border disputes with an UK–EU dimension will be relatively similar 
to those that were followed prior to Brexit. In other words, and as a point of departure, a judgment 
entered against the Issuer in an English court would be recognised and enforceable in Finland without 
a re-trial on its merits on the basis of the Lugano Convention.

--- Page 33 ---
30 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF 
contain the following information which shall be deemed to incorporated by reference into, and form 
part of, this Base Prospectus: 
Document 
Pages 
Financial Statements 2021, available for viewing on the following website: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10fa91ca5db9774495848f0442ae8f98f8   
 
• 
Consolidated financial statements (prepared in accordance with 
IFRS) for the year ended 31 December 2021 
44 - 146 
• 
Consolidated income statement 
44 
• 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
45 
• 
Consolidated balance sheet 
46 
• 
Consolidated statement of changes in total equity 
47 
• 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
49-50 
• 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
51 - 127 
• 
Key figures 
128 - 131 
• 
Definition of key figures 
132 - 137 
• 
Independent Auditors' Report 
148 - 152 
Financial Statements 2020, available for viewing on the following website: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10a523cf7f85014268b0d21da08845bb1f   
 
• 
Consolidated financial statements (prepared in accordance with 
IFRS) for the year ended 31 December 2020 
39 - 139 
• 
Consolidated income statement 
39 
• 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
40 
• 
Consolidated balance sheet 
41 
• 
Consolidated statement of changes in total equity 
42 
• 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
44 
• 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
46 - 121 
• 
Key figures 
122 - 125 
• 
Definition of key figures 
126 - 129

--- Page 34 ---
31 
 
 
• 
Independent Auditors' Report 
140 - 144 
Financial Statements Q1 2022 (unaudited), available for viewing on the 
following 
website: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10f46f5f0712b742d3a70eb06c30a67475   
 
• 
Condensed consolidated income statement 
34 
• 
Condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
35 
• 
Condensed consolidated balance sheet 
36 
• 
Condensed consolidated statement of changes in total equity 
37 
• 
Condensed consolidated cash flow statement 
38 
• 
Additional cash flow information 
39 
• 
Change in financial net debt 
40 
• 
Capital risk management 
40-41 
• 
Key figures 
41 
• 
Notes to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements 
42-67 
• 
Definitions and reconciliations of key figures 
68-70 
• 
Reconciliation of alternative performance measures 
71-72 
2018 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10b6cbb9a0b2d548ab8d26b3e79a154a9f   
• 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 21 November 
2018 relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" 
Pages 35 to 61 
2013 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/101033b464b6954622bcf9c8494bce2155   
• 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 22 May 2013 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" 
Pages 31 to 54 
2012 
Terms 
and 
Conditions, 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1003e58449c1fe4459b031a5d72bfa56fe   
• 
the terms and conditions of the base prospectus dated 9 May 2012 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" 
Pages 32 to 56 
The parts of the 2018, 2013 and 2012 base prospectuses that are not incorporated by reference are either 
not relevant for investors or covered in another part of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
32 
 
 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means 
any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
33 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
necessary information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching 
to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. In relation to the different 
types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer has included in this Base 
Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not 
known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual 
issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be 
contained either in the relevant Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be 
contained in the relevant Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor 
relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together 
with all of the other necessary information in relation to the relevant series of Notes, may be contained 
in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of 
that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of Final Terms are the Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the 
relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
34 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer to meet part of its 
general financing requirements, or as may otherwise be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  
Where indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer intends to apply an amount equal to the net 
proceeds from a series of Notes (such Notes, "Green Bonds") to finance and/or refinance investments 
(the "Green Projects") that comply with the categories and criteria (the "Eligibility Criteria") set out 
in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework, as published on its website from time to time (the "Green Bond 
Framework"). The Issuer intends to publish its Green Bond Framework prior to the issuance of any 
Green Bonds.

--- Page 38 ---
35 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") will initially be in the form of either a 
temporary global note in bearer form (the "Temporary Global Note"), without interest coupons, or a 
permanent global note in bearer form (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest coupons, in 
each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may 
be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global 
note ("NGN") form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Final Terms for Notes in NGN form will indicate whether such Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. The designation "yes" means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with Euroclear or Clearstream. Luxembourg as common safekeeper 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. If the designation is specified as "no" at the Issue Date, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. In all cases, such recognition will depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.  
In the case of each Tranche of Bearer Notes, the relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United 
States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if 
the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA 
D Rules are applicable. 
So long as the Notes are represented in temporary global or permanent global form and the relevant 
clearing systems so permit, the Notes shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of EUR 100,000 and 
integral multiples of such other amount as shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without 
interest coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary 
Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or 
refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global

--- Page 39 ---
36 
 
 
Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or 
to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate 
of the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, 
however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent 
Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary 
Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).  
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only at the request of 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs:  
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of 
the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting exchange.

--- Page 40 ---
37 
 
 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary 
Global Note representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in 
accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent 
Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the 
terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on the date on which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have 
no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent 
Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, 
for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes 
upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot 
be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent 
within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary 
Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the 
terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment,

--- Page 41 ---
38 
 
 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent 
Global Note", then if either of the following events occur: 
(a) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal 
holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or  
(b) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
If the Specified Denomination of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms includes language 
substantially to the following effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
up to and including [€199,000]", the Notes cannot be represented on issue by a Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange.  
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after the bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent 
Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the 
terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of Permanent Global Note 
or others may have under the Deed of Covenant).

--- Page 42 ---
39 
 
 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary 
Global Note or a Permanent Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer 
all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global 
Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an 
aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will 
consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global 
form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend 
to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will be in the form of either individual Note Certificates in registered 
form ("Individual Note Certificates") or a global Note in registered form (a "Global Certificate"), in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Each Global Certificate will either be: (a) in the case of a Note which is not to be held under the new 
safekeeping structure ("New Safekeeping Structure" or "NSS"), registered in the name of a common 
depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the 
common depositary and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms; or (b) in the case of a Note 
to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure, be registered in the name of a common safekeeper (or 
its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system 
and the relevant Global Certificate will be deposited on or about the issue date with the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be exchangeable for Individual Note 
Certificates in accordance with its terms.  
Where the Global Certificate issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the 
Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Global Certificates are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Certificates are to be so held 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility

--- Page 43 ---
40 
 
 
criteria. The common safekeeper for a Global Certificate held under NSS will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Individual Note Certificates", then the 
Notes will at all times be in the form of Individual Note Certificates issued to each Noteholder in respect 
of their respective holdings. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Global Certificate which 
will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note Certificates: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Certificate", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Global Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Note Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Global Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of 
the registered holder of the Global Certificate to the Registrar of such information as is required to 
complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and 
addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be registered and the 
principal amount of each such person's holding) against the surrender of the Global Certificate at the 
specified office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall 
be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in 
respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Individual Note Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth 
day after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global 
Certificate; or 
(b) 
any of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final 
redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of 
principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the holder of the 
Global Certificate in accordance with the terms of the Global Certificate on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Global Certificate (including the obligation to deliver Individual Note Certificates) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London

--- Page 44 ---
41 
 
 
time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the holder of the Global Certificate will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the holder of the Global Certificate 
or others may have under the Deed of Covenant. Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as 
being entitled to an interest in a Global Certificate will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights 
to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Global Certificate became void, they 
had been the holders of Individual Note Certificates in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Note Certificate will be endorsed on that 
Individual Note Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those 
terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Certificate will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 45 ---
42 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, 
will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any 
Tranche of Notes which are admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant 
Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Fortum Oyj (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €8,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 
notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of a final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are 
these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated fiscal agency 
agreement dated 15 April 2021 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, Citibank N.A., 
London Branch and Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. as fiscal agent and transfer agent 
(the "Fiscal Agent") and Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG (the "Registrar" respectively, 
which expression includes any successor fiscal agent, registrar and transfer agent appointed 
from time to time in connection with the Notes), the transfer agents named therein (the 
"Transfer Agents", which expression shall include any successor or additional transfer agent 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named therein 
(together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor 
or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
Deed of Covenant: The Notes may be issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), or in registered 
form ("Registered Notes"). Registered Notes are constituted by a deed of covenant dated 15 
April 2021 (the "Deed of Covenant") entered into by the Issuer. The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders have the benefit of the Deed of Covenant.  
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available during 
normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office 
of which is set out below. 
(f) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement 
and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") and 
the holders of the interest coupons appertaining to interest bearing Notes in bearer form, if any, 
(the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have 
notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection during 
normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and 
the Transfer Agents the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below or (ii) may be 
provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents

--- Page 46 ---
43 
 
 
and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying 
Agent). 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Authorised Signatory" means the senior executives authorised by the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer, or other senior executives authorised by such persons; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the 
preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that. 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month;

--- Page 47 ---
44 
 
 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Clean-up Call Redemption Amount" means in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Consolidated Total Assets" means the value of the Issuer's consolidated total assets, as 
reflected in the Issuer's most recent audited consolidated financial statements; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"DA Selected Bond" means the government security or securities selected by the 
Determination Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
Remaining Term of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance 
with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the Remaining 
Term of the Notes; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and

--- Page 48 ---
45 
 
 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction 
[360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
=  
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30";  
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 49 ---
46 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer after consultation with the relevant Dealer(s); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its outstanding principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, as specified under 
Early Redemption Amount;

--- Page 50 ---
47 
 
 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its outstanding principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms or 
determined in accordance with these Conditions, as specified under Early Redemption Amount; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which 
takes over administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on 
such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis 
set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for 
Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional 
Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi 
Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, 
and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time) or, if such 
formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross 
redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time 
as determined by the Determination Agent;  
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such 
Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness other than Project Finance Indebtedness (whether 
being principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other debt securities or any borrowed money or any 
liability under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit but excluding for the 
avoidance of doubt any preference shares issued by any members of the Group which are not 
redeemable at the option of the holder of such shares and any loans made from any member of 
the Group to any other member of the Group (other than the Issuer) with the proceeds thereof;

--- Page 51 ---
48 
 
 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final 
Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date (or the relevant Payment Date, if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date); 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Make Whole Redemption Price" has the meaning given in Condition 10(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Lead Manager" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" for any Interest Period has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms but shall never be less than zero, including any relevant margin; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"Noteholder", in the case of Bearer Notes, has the meaning given in Condition 3(d) (Form, 
Denomination, Title and Transfer) and, in the case of Registered Notes, has the meaning given 
in Condition 3(d) (Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer);

--- Page 52 ---
49 
 
 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Par Call Commencement Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts 
the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means: 
(i) 
any Security Interest over or affecting any asset of any company which becomes a 
member of the Group after the issue of the Notes, where such Security Interest is 
created prior to the date on which such company becomes a member of the Group, if: 
(A) 
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of 
such company; and 
(B) 
the amount thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or 
since the date of, the acquisition of such company; 
(ii) 
any Security Interest over or affecting any asset acquired by a member of the Group 
after the issue of the Notes, where such Security Interest is created prior to the date of 
the acquisition of such asset, if:

--- Page 53 ---
50 
 
 
(A) 
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of 
such asset; and 
(B) 
the amount thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or 
since the date of, the acquisition of such asset; 
(iii) 
any Security Interest granted that secures Project Finance Indebtedness only; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation 
to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Principal Subsidiary" means, at any time, any Subsidiary whose total assets, consolidated in 
the case of a Subsidiary which itself has subsidiaries (to the extent attributable to the 
consolidated total assets of the Group), as shown by its latest audited balance sheet, represent 
ten per cent. or more of the consolidated total assets of the Group, as shown by the latest 
published audited consolidated balance sheet of the Group, 
provided that: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated profit and loss account and balance sheet of the Group shall 
be adjusted in such manner as the Issuer's auditors think fair and appropriate to take 
account of: 
(A) 
the acquisition or disposal of any member of the Group, or any business of any 
member of the Group, after the date to or at which the profit and loss account 
or balance sheet is made up; and 
(B) 
any member of the Group not included in the consolidation in those financial 
statements;  
(ii) 
the audited profit and loss account and balance sheet of the relevant Subsidiary shall 
be adjusted in such manner as the auditors of that Subsidiary think fair and appropriate 
to take account of: 
(A) 
the acquisition or disposal of any subsidiary of that Subsidiary (or of any 
business of that Subsidiary or any of its subsidiaries) made after the date to or 
at which the profit and loss account or balance sheet is made up; and 
(B) 
any subsidiary of that Subsidiary not included in the consolidation in those 
financial statements; and

--- Page 54 ---
51 
 
 
(iii) 
if any intra-group transfer or re-organisation takes place, the audited financial 
statements (consolidated where applicable) of the Group and of all relevant subsidiaries 
shall be adjusted by the Issuer's auditors in order to take into account such intra-group 
transfer or re-organisation; 
"Project Finance Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness incurred by a debtor to finance the 
ownership, acquisition, construction, development and/or operation of an asset, assets or 
portfolio of assets in respect of which the person or persons to whom such Indebtedness is, or 
may be, owed have no recourse whatsoever for the repayment of or payment of any sum relating 
to such Indebtedness other than: 
(i) 
recourse to such debtor for amounts limited to the aggregate cash flow or net cash flow 
(other than historic cash flow or historic net cash flow) from such asset, assets or 
portfolio of assets; and/or 
(ii) 
recourse to such debtor generally, which recourse is limited to a claim for damages 
(other than liquidated damages and damages required to be calculated in a specified 
way) for breach of an obligation, representation or warranty (not being a payment 
obligation, representation or warranty or an obligation, representation or warranty to 
procure payment by another or an obligation, representation or warranty to comply or 
to procure compliance by another with any financial ratios or other test of financial 
condition) by the Person against whom such recourse is available; and/or 
(iii) 
if such debtor has been established specifically for the purpose of constructing, 
developing, owning and/or operating the relevant asset, assets or portfolio of assets and 
such debtor owns no other significant assets and carries on no other business, recourse 
to all of the assets and undertaking of such debtor and the shares in the capital of such 
debtor; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder 
upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right 
to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Qualifying Societas Europaea" means an entity in the form of a societas europaea 
established pursuant to Council Regulation (EC) No 2157/2001 of 8 October 2001 on the 
Statute for a European company (as amended from time to time), provided that such entity is 
not the subject of a domination and/or profit and loss transfer agreement with the Issuer or any 
of its Subsidiaries; 
"Quotation Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Sterling Make Whole 
Redemption Amount, the Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Clean-up Call Redemption Amount, the Early Termination 
Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 55 ---
52 
 
 
"Reference Banks" means four (or if the Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major 
banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference 
Rate; 
"Reference Bond" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if not so specified or 
to the extent that such Bond specified in the Final Terms is no longer outstanding on the relevant 
Reference Date, the DA Selected Bond;  
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reference Date, (i) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) 
if fewer than five such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Reference Date, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) for the Remaining Term or interpolated 
yield for the Remaining Term (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) 
equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Reference Date; 
"Reference Date" has the meaning given in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer 
(following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable), or 
their affiliates, which are (i) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (ii) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any Reference Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in 
each case as a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date 
quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;  
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR or STIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Register" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and

--- Page 56 ---
53 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness of the Issuer or of a Principal Subsidiary 
which is in the form of or represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, 
certificate or other debt securities which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on 
any stock exchange or in any regulated securities market; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the 
relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that 
information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by 
the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity or, if a Par Call Commencement Date is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, to such Par Call Commencement Date; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal: 
(i) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to 
reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes 
or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes 
on redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(ii) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes 
into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person 
or body corporate formed or to be formed; 
(iii) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(iv) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(v) 
to amend this definition;  
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest 
including, without limitation, the equivalent of any of the foregoing under the laws of any 
jurisdiction;

--- Page 57 ---
54 
 
 
"Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) are identical in all 
respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption and Purchase - Redemption at the option of the Issuer); 
"STIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Stockholm interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently the Swedish Bankers' Association) in 
accordance with the requirements from time to time of the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) based on 
estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which 
are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of 
historic STIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
"Subsidiary" means a company or corporation (other than (A) an entity that is incorporated or 
established (as applicable) under the laws of, or seated in, the Russian Federation or (B) an 
entity that is, or is a Subsidiary of, a Qualifying Societas Europaea): 
(i) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or 
corporation (a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by another 
if that other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the 
composition of its board of directors or equivalent body); 
(ii) 
more than half the issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or corporation; or 
(iii) 
which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first-mentioned company or 
corporation; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system or any successor thereto; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended;  
"Uniper Indebtedness" means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest 
or other amounts) for money borrowed or raised including any guarantee, indemnity or similar 
assurance in respect of any indebtedness for money borrowed or raised; and

--- Page 58 ---
55 
 
 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms give no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable 
to the Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or restated and/or supplemented up to and including the 
Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Transfer 
(a) 
The Notes may be in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered form ("Registered Notes") 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in each case in the Specified Denomination(s). Bearer 
Notes in definitive form will be serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s). Save as provided in Condition 4 (Exchange and Transfers of Notes), Notes 
of one Specified Denomination will not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
(b) 
In the case of a Note, this is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the interest/payment basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
A certificate (each, a "Note Certificate") will be issued to each holder of Registered Notes in 
respect of its registered holding. Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an 
identifying number which will be recorded in the register (the "Register") which the Issuer 
shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement.

--- Page 59 ---
56 
 
 
(d) 
Title to Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and references herein to "holders" of 
Bearer Notes and Coupons are to the bearers of such Bearer Notes and Coupons and 
"Noteholder" and "Coupon holder" shall be construed accordingly, subject as provided below. 
Title to Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in the Register maintained by 
the Registrar. References herein to the "holder" of a Registered Note is to the person in whose 
name such Registered Note for the time being is registered in the Register (or, in the case of a 
joint holding, the first named thereof), and "Noteholder" shall be construed accordingly, 
subject as provided below. The Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, the Registrar and 
any Transfer Agent may (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the holder of any 
Bearer Note or Coupon and the holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof 
(whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon (other 
than the endorsed form of transfer, in the case of Registered Notes) or notice of any previous 
loss or theft thereof) for all purposes. 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Exchange and Transfers of Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Notes: Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: Subject to Condition 4(f) (Closed Periods) and 4(g) (Regulations 
Concerning Transfers of Registered Notes), a Registered Note may be transferred upon the 
surrender (at the Specified Office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the relevant Note 
Certificate representing such Registered Note to be transferred, together with the form of 
transfer endorsed on such Note Certificate duly completed and executed and such other 
evidence as the Registrar or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require 
to prove the title of the transferor and the authority of the individuals who have executed the 
form of transfer; provided, however, that a Registered Note may not be transferred unless the 
principal amount of the Registered Notes transferred and (where not all of the Registered Notes 
held by a holder are being transferred) the principal amount of the balance of Registered Notes 
not transferred are Specified Denominations. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding 
of Registered Notes represented by one Note Certificate, a new Note Certificate shall be issued 
to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Note Certificate in respect 
of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes : In the case of an 
exercise of an Issuer's or Noteholders' option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding 
of Registered Notes represented by a single Note Certificate, a new Note Certificate shall be 
issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the 
holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes 
of the same holding having different terms, separate Note Certificates shall be issued in respect 
of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New Note Certificates shall only be 
issued against surrender of the existing Note Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. 
In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered 
Notes, a new Note Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against 
surrender of the Note Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Note Certificates: Each new Note Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 
4(b) (Transfer of Registered Notes) or 4(c) (Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in 
Respect of Registered Notes) shall be available for delivery within five business days in the

--- Page 60 ---
57 
 
 
location of the Specified Office of the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent after receipt of 
the request for exchange, form of transfer or exercise notice or surrender of the Note Certificate 
for exchange. Delivery of the new Note Certificate(s) shall be made at the Specified Office of 
the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of 
such request for exchange, form of transfer, exercise notice or Note Certificate shall have been 
made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as 
specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, exercise notice or otherwise in 
writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Note Certificate 
to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in 
advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other 
method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 4(d), "business 
day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in 
London and any other location specified in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Exchange Free of Charge: The exchange and transfer of Registered Notes and Note Certificates 
on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without 
charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, but upon payment of 
any tax, duty or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving 
of such indemnity as the Issuer, the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered 
(i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during 
the period of 15 days before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the 
Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), (iii) 
after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days 
ending on (and including) any Record Date (as defined in Condition 11B (Payments - 
Registered Notes)). 
(g) 
Regulations Concerning Transfers of Registered Notes: All transfers of Registered Notes and 
entries on the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the 
prior written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free 
of charge) by the Registrar to any holder of Registered Notes who requests in writing a copy of 
such regulations. 
5. 
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer which will at 
all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and 
future unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by 
provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
6. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and the Issuer shall procure that 
none of its Principal Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest, other 
than a Permitted Security Interest, upon the whole or any part of its present or future 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or to secure any Guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time 
or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably therewith or (b) providing such other 
security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of Noteholders.

--- Page 61 ---
58 
 
 
7. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 11A (Payments - Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 7 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier 
of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to 
the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose 
a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. 
(e) 
Notes accruing interest otherwise than a Fixed Coupon Amount: This Condition 7(e) shall 
apply to Notes which are Fixed Rate Notes only where the Final Terms for such Notes specify 
that the Interest Payment Dates are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified therein. The relevant amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any Interest Period for such Notes shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the relevant Day 
Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). The Calculation Agent shall cause the 
relevant amount of interest and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination 
or calculation but in no event later than the fourth Business day thereafter or, if earlier in the 
case of notification to the stock exchange, the time required by the rules of the relevant stock 
exchange.  
8. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided

--- Page 62 ---
59 
 
 
in Condition 11A (Payments - Bearer Notes). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the 
due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in 
accordance with this Condition 8 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier 
of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or 
on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and  
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and

--- Page 63 ---
60 
 
 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Issuer) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of 
the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to 
the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being 
rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-
unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
(f) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent 
will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent 
shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the 
Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination. 
(g) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
8 by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid)

--- Page 64 ---
61 
 
 
no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(h) 
Certificates to be Final: All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this Condition 8, whether by the Fiscal Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation 
Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Calculation Agent (if applicable) and the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent or the Calculation Agent 
(if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(i) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 8, if the 
Issuer, in consultation with the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate at 
any time when the Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions 
shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonably manner) a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (as applicable) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as further described below) no later than 
5 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of determining 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next succeeding Interest Period and 
for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8(i) 
during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 8(i)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent further operation of this Condition 8(i)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 8(i)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments 
of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation of this 
Condition 8(i)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: The Independent Adviser acting in good faith shall determine (A) 
an Adjustment Spread (which for the avoidance of doubt may be positive, negative or 
zero) to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, and such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a Rate of

--- Page 65 ---
62 
 
 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable), subject to the subsequent further operation and 
adjustment as provided in this Condition 8(i). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 8(i) and the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith determines (A) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 8(i)(v), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation 
Agent shall (at the Issuer's expense and direction), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with 
the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments required to the Agency Agreement 
and these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 8(i)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
or by which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: The Issuer shall promptly notify the party responsible for determining the 
Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments determined under this Condition 8(i)(v). Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer 
under this Condition 8(i), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 8(c) will continue to apply unless and until the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such 
other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) has been notified of 
the Successor Rate, the Alternative Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread (as applicable) 
and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with Condition 8(i)(v). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks: If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this 
provision prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date and the Relevant Screen Page is 
no longer available for use, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant

--- Page 66 ---
63 
 
 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 8(i) shall apply to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of 
Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 8(i). 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(i): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (A) above does not apply) in the 
case of a Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser acting in good faith 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(C) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser acting in 
good faith determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines in accordance with Condition 
8(i)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is 
most comparable to the relevant Original Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(i)(iv); 
"Benchmark Event" means:

--- Page 67 ---
64 
 
 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing permanently to be calculated, administered and 
published; 
(B) 
the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (2) the date falling 
six months prior to the date specified in (B) (1) above; 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (2) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (D)(1) above; 
(E) 
the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date 
and (2) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(E)(1) above;  
(F) 
the later of (1) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original 
Reference Rate is or will, on or before a specified date, be no longer 
representative and (2) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in 
(F)(1) above; or 
(G) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance of 
doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8(i) shall act in 
good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for 
any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 8(i); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes;  
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank

--- Page 68 ---
65 
 
 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (1) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution for the currency to which the Original 
Reference Rate relates, (2) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, (3) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate, or where 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate has been determined pursuant to Condition 8(i)(ii), 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as applicable, which is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
9. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) 
to the date fixed for redemption, if:

--- Page 69 ---
66 
 
 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of Finland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche 
of the Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Notes were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of 
and (B) an opinion, addressed to the Fiscal Agent, of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to 
in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 10(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) on 
the Issuer's giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice to the Noteholders, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes 
specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the applicable 
amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to 
(but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call)) at one of: 
(i) 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call); or 
(ii) 
the Make Whole Redemption Price. 
The "Make Whole Redemption Price" will, in respect of Notes to be redeemed, be: 
(i) 
if "Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the 
principal amount of such Notes and (ii) the principal amount of such Notes multiplied 
by the price (expressed as a percentage), as reported in writing to the Issuer by the 
Determination Agent (if applicable), at which the Gross Redemption Yield on such 
Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Gross Redemption Yield (as

--- Page 70 ---
67 
 
 
determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the 
Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus (y) the Redemption Margin, as determined 
by the Determination Agent; or  
(ii) 
if "Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the principal amount 
of such Notes and (ii) the sum of the then present values of each remaining scheduled 
payment of principal and interest on such Notes to be redeemed for the Remaining 
Term (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Call)) discounted to the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) on an annual basis (assuming the Day Count Fraction specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such other day count basis as the Determination Agent may 
consider to be appropriate having regard to customary market practice at such time) at 
the Reference Bond Rate plus the Redemption Margin, if any, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
provided however that, in the case of either (i) or (ii) above, if the Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) occurs on or after the Par Call Commencement Date (if any) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Make-Whole Redemption Price will be equal to 100 per cent of the principal 
amount of the Notes.  
If Make Whole Redemption Price is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
any notice of redemption may, at the relevant Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more 
conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the relevant Issuer's 
discretion, the Optional Redemption Date (Call) may be delayed until such time as any or all 
such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole discretion), or 
such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all 
such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole 
discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date (Call), or by the Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
so delayed. 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), in the case of Bearer Notes, the Notes 
to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent 
approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance 
with applicable law and the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, 
and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, each Note shall be redeemed in part in the proportion which the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes to be redeemed on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) bears to the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes on such date. If any 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 10(e), the holder of a Note must, not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured

--- Page 71 ---
68 
 
 
Coupons relating thereto (or in the case of Registered Note) the Note Certificate representing 
such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its Specified Office and a duly 
completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. The Paying Agent, Transfer Agent 
or the Registrar with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option 
Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 10(e), may be withdrawn; provided, however, 
that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or 
refused, the relevant Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or the Registrar shall mail notification 
thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder 
in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection 
by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long 
as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or the Registrar in 
accordance with this Condition 10(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent, 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(f) 
Clean-up Call Option: If the Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, in the event that Notes representing an aggregate amount equal to or 
exceeding 80 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes have been purchased and cancelled 
or redeemed by the Issuer (other than as a result of the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption 
right under Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer)) the Issuer may, on giving 
not less than 10 nor more than 60 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), redeem on the date specified 
in such notice all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at their Clean-up 
Call Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with any interest 
accrued to but excluding the date set for redemption. 
(g) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (f) above. 
(h) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time 
before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 
10(h) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased 
therewith. Such Notes so purchased may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer 
or the relevant Subsidiary surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for 
cancellation.

--- Page 72 ---
69 
 
 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and any unmatured 
Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or 
resold. All Notes so cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall 
be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent (which shall notify the Registrar of such cancelled Notes in 
the case of Registered Notes) and cannot be reissued or resold. 
11. 
Payments 
11A. 
Payments - Bearer Notes 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: This Condition 11A is only applicable to Bearer Notes. 
(b) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that 
payment is made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or 
by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank 
in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(c) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons 
at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described 
in paragraph (b) above. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice (i) to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(e) 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect 
of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons 
relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due 
for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of

--- Page 73 ---
70 
 
 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph 
would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such 
missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) 
which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specify that this Condition 11A(g) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), Condition 10(f) (Clean-up Call 
Option) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether 
or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the Holder shall 
not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment 
Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in 
respect of any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect 
of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if 
permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(j) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or 
Coupon presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement 
indicating the amount and date of such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the 
time of issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of 
such Coupon Sheet may be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent or the Paying 
Agent in Luxembourg for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but 
excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to 
Condition 14 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered 
in respect of such Talon. 
11B. 
Payments - Registered Notes 
This Condition 11B (Payments - Registered Notes) is only applicable to Registered Notes.

--- Page 74 ---
71 
 
 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in 
which the payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered 
Note to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before 
the due date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial 
Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a 
bank in the City of London) and (in the case of redemption) upon surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall be made by cheque drawn in the currency in which 
the payment is due drawn on, or, upon application by a Holder of a Registered Note to 
the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent not later than the fifteenth day before the due 
date for any such payment, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, 
if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) 
and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City 
of London) and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Note Certificates at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent. 
(c) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Registered Notes are 
subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of 
payment, but without prejudice (i) to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 12 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto . No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, 
payment instructions (for value the due date, or, if the due date is not Payment Business 
Day, for value the next succeeding Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where 
payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed (i) (in the case of payments 
of principal and interest payable on redemption) on the later of the due date for payment 
and the day on which the relevant Note Certificate is surrendered (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsed) at the Specified Office of a Paying Agent and (ii) (in the case 
of payments of interest payable other than on redemption) on the due date for payment. 
A Holder of a Registered Note shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in 
respect of any delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being 
a Payment Business Day or (B) a cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 11B 
(Payments - Registered Notes) arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in 
the mail. 
(e) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any 
Registered Note, the Issuer shall procure that the amount and date of such payment are 
noted on the Register and, in the case of partial payment upon presentation of a Note 
Certificate, that a statement indicating the amount and the date of such payment is 
endorsed on the relevant Note Certificate.

--- Page 75 ---
72 
 
 
(f) 
Record date: Each payment in respect of a Registered Note will be made to the person 
shown as the Holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the 
Registrar's Specified Office on the fifteenth day before the due date for such payment 
(the "Record Date"). Where payment in respect of a Registered Note is to be made by 
cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address shown as the address of the Holder in 
the Register at the opening of business on the relevant Record Date. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or 
on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Finland 
or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges 
is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in 
receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or 
Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
in Finland; 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with Finland or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or 
thereof by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such 
Note or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
such Note or Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
13. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest in respect 
of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 7 days in the case 
of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of 
any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains 
unremedied for 45 days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any 
Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent; or 
(c) 
Cross default of Issuer or Principal Subsidiary: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is not paid 
when due or (as the case may be) within any applicable grace period; or

--- Page 76 ---
73 
 
 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity 
(otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant 
Principal Subsidiary) by reason of an event of default (however described); or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount 
payable by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness as extended by any 
applicable grace period; or 
(iv) 
any security given by the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries for any 
Indebtedness becomes enforceable by reason of default, 
provided that no event referred to in this Condition 13(c) shall constitute an Event of 
Default (A) if such event has occurred directly or indirectly as a result of a default 
(howsoever described) by Uniper SE or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries in 
respect of any Uniper Indebtedness or (B) unless the value of such Indebtedness either 
alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other Indebtedness relative to all 
(if any) other such events specified in (i)-(iv) above, which shall have occurred shall 
amount to at least 0.75 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets; or 
(d) 
Insolvency, etc: (i) the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or 
is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer 
or any of its Principal Subsidiaries for all or substantially all of the undertaking, assets 
and revenues of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries is appointed and such 
appointment is not discharged within 45 days, (iii) the Issuer or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of its creditors or declares a moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness 
or any guarantee or indemnity of any Indebtedness given by it, save for the purposes 
of an amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation, reconstruction or other 
similar arrangement (A) in the case of a Principal Subsidiary not involving or arising 
out of the insolvency of such Principal Subsidiary and under which all or substantially 
all of its assets are transferred to the Issuer or any of its other Subsidiaries, or (B) in the 
case of a Principal Subsidiary under which all or substantially all of its assets are 
transferred to a third party or parties (whether associated or not) for consideration 
received by the Issuer or a Subsidiary on an arm's length basis, or (C) in the case of a 
Principal Subsidiary under which all or substantially all of its assets are transferred and 
the transferee is or immediately upon such transfer becomes a Principal Subsidiary, or 
(D) on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; 
or 
(e) 
Winding up, etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding 
up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, save for 
the purposes of an amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation, reconstruction 
or other similar arrangement (A) in the case of a Principal Subsidiary not involving or 
arising out of the insolvency of such Principal Subsidiary and under which all or 
substantially all of its assets are transferred to the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, or 
(B) in the case of a Principal Subsidiary under which all or substantially all of its assets 
are transferred to a third party or parties (whether associated or not) for consideration 
received by the Issuer or a Subsidiary on an arm's length basis, or (C) in the case of a 
Principal Subsidiary under which all or substantially all of its assets are transferred and 
the transferee is or immediately upon such transfer becomes a Principal Subsidiary, or 
(D) on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders,

--- Page 77 ---
74 
 
 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the Holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and 
payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination 
Amount together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment without further action 
or formality. 
A report by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the 
Issuer is or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal 
Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
14. 
Prescription 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims 
in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Note Certificates 
If any Note, Coupon or Note Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent in London (in the 
case of Bearer Notes and Coupons) or of the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) (and, 
if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in 
any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws 
and competent authority, stock exchange, and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment 
by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms 
as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Note Certificates must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The names of the initial Fiscal Agent, the other initial Paying Agents, the initial Registrar and 
the other initial Transfer Agents and their initial Specified Offices are set out below. 
The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent, 
Registrar or Transfer Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent and additional successor 
paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a paying agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than 
Finland; 
(b) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a paying agent, registrar and a transfer agent;  
(c) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 78 ---
75 
 
 
(d) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent and/or Transfer Agent in any particular place, the Issuer 
shall maintain a Paying Agent and/or a Transfer Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings 
(including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders 
to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these 
Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in 
writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or representing more than half of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more Persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds or, at any adjourned meeting, one third of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary 
Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and 
Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum 
is required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or 
the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or is made to correct a 
manifest error; or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law; or is as a result of 
the operation of Condition 8(i) (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects

--- Page 79 ---
76 
 
 
(or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the 
Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
Notices regarding Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an overseas address) by air mail to them at their respective addresses as recorded 
in the Register and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth day after the date 
of such mailing. With respect to Registered Notes admitted to trading on and listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, any notices to holders will also be published 
in a leading daily newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to 
be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) and, in addition to the foregoing, will be deemed validly given only after the 
date of such publication. 
Notices regarding Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes 
are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) or in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English 
language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in 
more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all 
the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
20. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent., being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United 
States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen 
amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
21. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to the 
existence, validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes) or the consequences of their nullity.  
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary.

--- Page 80 ---
77 
 
 
(d) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings (as 
defined below) may be served on it by being delivered to Fortum Energy Limited at 24 Old 
Queen Street, London SW1H 9HP, United Kingdom or to such other person with an address in 
England or Wales and/or such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by 
notice in writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any 
Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition 21 applies 
to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere; and  
(e) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Notwithstanding Condition 
21(b) (English courts), any Noteholder may take proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, 
Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 81 ---
78 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for 
completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in EU MiFID II and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 1 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal Act) 2018/EUWA] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels 
                                                          
1  
To be included when there are EU MiFID Manufacturers.

--- Page 82 ---
79 
 
 
for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 2 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
(2020 Revised Edition) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Regulation 3(b) of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 (the "SF (CMP) Regulations")) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/["capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in 
the SF (CMP) Regulations) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
Final Terms dated [] 
FORTUM OYJ 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 635400IUIZZIUJSAMF76 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [Green Bonds] 
under the 
EUR 8,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
OPTION 1 (NORMAL ISSUANCE UNDER THE PROGRAMME ON THE BASIS OF THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET OUT IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 22 June 2022 [and the supplement to the base 
prospectus dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for 
the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been, and 
the Final Terms will be, published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
OPTION 2 (ISSUANCE ON THE BASIS OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS FROM EARLIER 
PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [9 May 2012 / 22 May 2013 / 21 November 2018] 
which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 22 June 2022 [as supplemented by 
the supplement to the base prospectus dated [date]]. This document constitutes the Final Terms relating 
to the issue of Notes described herein for the purpose of the EU Prospectus Regulation. This Final 
                                                          
2  
To be included when there are UK MiFIR Manufacturers.

--- Page 83 ---
80 
 
 
Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
dated 22 June 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, including the Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been, and the Final Terms will be, 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purpose 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation.] 
END OF OPTIONS  
The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis 
of a combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at [[address] 
[and] [website]] and copies may be obtained from [address].] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer 
Fortum Oyj 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
[(iii)] 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [] on [[]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [] below [which is 
expected to occur on or about []].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
[(i)] 
[Series: 
[]] 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche: 
[]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from []  
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date/Not Applicable/[]] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[]

--- Page 84 ---
81 
 
 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant 
month 
and 
year] 
[For fixed rate notes where the Interest Payment 
Dates are subject to modification, the Maturity 
Date will be the Interest Payment Date falling in 
or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[][] [EURIBOR/STIBOR] +/- [] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
10. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/ 
Payment Basis: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] []] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
30E/360 or "Eurobond Basis" / 30E/360 (ISDA)]  
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 85 ---
82 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[] 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date:] 
[] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[] (the Calculation Agent)/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Reference Rate: 
EURIBOR/STIBOR 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[] 
(ix) 
Linear interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 86 ---
83 
 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) / Actual/Actual (ISDA) / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
30E/360 or "Eurobond Basis" / 30E/360 (ISDA)]  
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Amortisation\Accrual] Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[] [per Calculation Amount] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amount:  
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[] 
(ii) 
Par Call Commencement Date: 
[] 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole 
Redemption Price] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) (Call) falling [on]/[in the 
period from and including [date] to but excluding 
[date]] 
(iv) 
Make Whole Redemption Price: [Non-Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount 
/ Sterling Make Whole Redemption Amount / 
Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs (a) – (c) of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Redemption Margin: 
[] per cent. 
(b) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
(c) 
Quotation Time: 
[] 
(v) 
If Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[]  
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 87 ---
84 
 
 
(vi) 
Notice period: 
Minimum [] days 
Maximum [] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent.) 
17. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent.)  
18. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Clean-up 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which

--- Page 88 ---
85 
 
 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent.) 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note 
[] per Calculation Amount3 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
[Regulation S Global Certificate (EUR [] 
nominal amount) registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS))]] 
22. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]//[No] 
[Not Applicable] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.  As the notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons, may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are left.] 
                                                          
3  
Notes will be redeemed at least at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount.

--- Page 89 ---
86 
 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Fortum Oyj: 
 
By: 
 ................................................................  
Duly authorised 
By:  
 ................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 90 ---
87 
 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
from []/other (specify) 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the [Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/specify relevant regulated 
market] 
with 
effect 
from 
[] 
(Where 
documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]: 
Ratings: 
[S&P: []] 
 
[Fitch: []] 
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union

--- Page 91 ---
88 
 
 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but 
has applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"), although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA

--- Page 92 ---
89 
 
 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
not applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.]

--- Page 93 ---
90 
 
 
 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [the United Kingdom 
Financial Conduct Authority]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation.] 
 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation AND/OR under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given 
to the Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit

--- Page 94 ---
91 
 
 
rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation AND/OR under the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but is certified under 
[Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation")][and][Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"]. 
 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA 
or the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
bbeen published by the rating provider] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" in the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.]

--- Page 95 ---
92 
 
 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.  
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The proceeds of the issue will be [applied by the Issuer to meet part of its general financing 
requirements]/[]/[Green Projects] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
RELEVANT BENCHMARK[S] 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat 
as necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the  
Benchmarks Regulation]/[ Not Applicable] 
7. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
 
[[(Relevant third party information)] has been 
extracted from [(specify source)].  The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [(specify source)], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]. 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
[FISN Code: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available ] 
[CFI Code: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available ]

--- Page 96 ---
93 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV or Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes]] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,][include 
this text for registered notes]]. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers  
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 97 ---
94 
 
 
(B) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2]; [TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D / TEFRA not applicable]  
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
10. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO GREEN BONDS 
(i) 
Green Bonds 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
[Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) [and 
name of third party assurance agent] and [give 
details of compliance opinion(s) and availability] 
(iii) 
[Date of third party opinion(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 98 ---
95 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Note in bearer form, references in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note 
which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of a 
CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case 
may be, common safekeeper. 
In relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Certificate, references in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the person in whose name such Global 
Certificate is for the time being registered in the Register which, for so long as the Global Certificate is 
held by or on behalf of a depositary or a common depositary or common safekeeper or nominee for that 
depositary, common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or common 
safekeeper or a nominee for that depositary or common depositary or common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note or a Global Certificate 
(each an "Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment 
made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Note or Global Certificate and in relation to all other 
rights arising under such Global Note or Global Certificate. The extent to which, and the manner in 
which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note or Global Certificate will 
be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented 
by a Global Note or Global Certificate, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer 
in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to the holder of such Global Note or Global Certificate. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note and Global Certificate will contain provisions which modify the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global Note or Global Certificate. The following is a 
summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note or Global Certificate which, according to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, require presentation and/or surrender of a Note, Note Certificate or 
Coupon will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest 
accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note or Global Certificate to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto 
and in respect of an NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, or a Global Certificate, shall be, if the currency of 
payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment 
is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre.

--- Page 99 ---
96 
 
 
Payment Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Certificate will be made to the person shown 
as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the Clearing 
System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the "Record Date") where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means a day on which each clearing system for which the Global Certificate is 
being held is open for business. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or the holder of a Global Certificate 
must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note give notice of 
such exercise to the Fiscal Agent, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or other relevant clearing system, specifying the principal amount of 
Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may 
not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent 
Global Note or Global Certificate may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the 
Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided 
in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) or a Global Certificate 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note 
are), or the Global Certificate is, deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, 
notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed 
to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, 
for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a 
requirement of applicable law or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 100 ---
97 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Business Overview of the Fortum Group 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries (the "Group") are (according to the Group's estimates based on publicly 
available information) the third largest European CO2-free power generator from hydro, nuclear, solar 
and wind power, and among the largest energy producers in the market generally referred to as the 
"Nord Pool area", which consists of the Nordic and Baltic countries (excluding Iceland). The Group is 
primarily active in the generation and sale of electricity and a major player in gas with a benchmark 
gas-fired power generation and gas midstream business. In addition, heating, cooling, circular economy 
solutions as well as related services are part of the Group's central operations.4 The Group operates 
primarily in the Nordics, Germany, The Netherlands, the UK and Poland as well as in Russia.  
The Group was formed in 1998 by the merger of the IVO Group and the Neste Group, two Finnish 
industrial groups with extensive operations in the energy sector. The combined company, Fortum Oyj 
(parallel company name in English: 'Fortum Corporation'), was incorporated in Finland on 7 February 
1998 and registered in the Finnish Trade Register as a public limited liability company with registration 
number 1463611-4, and was listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange in December 1998. The Group 
operates under the laws of Finland. Following the gradual acquisition of, and on becoming the majority 
owner in, Uniper SE ("Uniper"), the Group started consolidating Uniper as its subsidiary in March 
2020. Uniper is a European corporation (Societas Europaea – SE) and Uniper shares are publicly listed 
on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. As at 31 December 2021, the Group's ownership in Uniper was 78 
per cent.  
The Issuer is domiciled in Finland. Its main office is situated at Keilalahdentie 2-4, Espoo, Finland and 
the main office's telephone number is +358 10 4511.  
Corporate structure 
The Issuer is the parent company of the Group and owns the Group's operating subsidiaries. The Issuer 
does not have any significant business operations and its financial results are based primarily on cash 
flow and dividends from its subsidiaries. 
Organisational Structure 
The Group organisation consists of the four business divisions: Generation, Russia, City Solutions and 
Consumer Solutions, and additionally Uniper as a separate segment of the Group. Further, the 
organisation has five corporate functions: Finance; Legal and Compliance; People and Procurement; 
Business Technology, as well as Corporate Affairs, Safety and Sustainability. The reportable segments 
under IFRS have been named correspondingly (Generation, Russia, City Solutions, Consumer Solutions 
and Uniper).  
Business Divisions and reporting segments 
Generation 
Generation is responsible for Nordic power generation. The segment comprises CO2-free nuclear, 
hydro, and wind power generation, as well as power portfolio optimisation, trading, market intelligence, 
thermal power for the capacity reserve, and global nuclear services. The segment does not include the 
Nordic hydro and nuclear power generation or the trading activities of Uniper. As of February 2022, 
                                                          
4  
Source: PwC, December 2017, Climate Change and Electricity (including those companies with data for power generation 
available only), Fortum

--- Page 101 ---
98 
 
 
Generation is responsible for Uniper’s hydro asset management and dispatch activities in Sweden. The 
segment includes Generation’s proportionate share of OKG AB ("OKG").  
Russia 
The Russia segment comprises power and heat generation and sales in Russia. The segment includes 
Fortum’s fully owned power plants, its joint ventures for renewable power generation and joint ventures 
for power and heat sales, as well as Fortum’s more than 29 per cent. holding in PAO TGC-1 ("PAO 
TGC-1"). These joint ventures and the associated company are accounted for using the equity method. 
The segment does not include Uniper’s Russian subsidiary Unipro. 
City Solutions 
The City Solutions segment comprises heating, cooling, waste-to-energy, and other circular economy 
solutions, as well as solar power generation, services, and development of new biomass-based 
businesses. The business operations are located in the Nordics, Poland and India. The segment does not 
include the operations of Fortum’s subsidiary Uniper.  
Consumer Solutions 
The Consumer Solutions segment is responsible for the electricity and gas retail businesses in the 
Nordics, Poland and Spain, including related customer service and invoicing businesses. Fortum is the 
largest electricity retail business in the Nordics5. Fortum has approximately 2.2 million customers 
across different brands in Finland, Sweden, Norway, Poland and Spain. The business provides 
electricity, as well as related value-added and digital services, mainly to retail customers.  
Uniper 
The Uniper segment comprises Fortum’s majority ownership in its subsidiary, Uniper. Uniper is a 
leading international energy company with activities in more than 40 countries. Its business is the secure 
provision of energy and related services. Its main activities include power generation in Europe and 
Russia as well as global energy trading and optimisation, which Uniper reports in three businesses – 
European Generation, Global Commodities, and Russian Power Generation – in its financial statements. 
Approximately 50 per cent. of the power generating capacity is gas-based, 25 per cent. coal-based, 
approximately 15 per cent. hydro- or nuclear-based, and 10 per cent. is other. The segment includes 
Uniper’s proportionate share of OKG.  
Other Operations 
Other Operations includes corporate functions, R&D and technology development projects. ‘Other 
Operations’ does not include Uniper’s corresponding functions, operations, management cost or as 
those are included in the Uniper segment.  
Fortum in Russia 
Fortum is closely monitoring developments following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, which has 
increased geopolitical tensions, uncertainties and risks in the operating environment. Fortum and Uniper 
are in continuous discussions with the Finnish and German Governments about what can be done to 
secure the energy supply and how the dependence on Russian energy imports will be reduced.  
Exiting operations and investments in Russia 
                                                          
5 Fortum internal estimates based on publicly available information.

--- Page 102 ---
99 
 
 
In March 2022 Fortum announced that it stopped all new investment projects in Russia and is not 
providing any new financing to its Russian subsidiaries. Similarly Uniper will not make any new 
investments in Russia. Due to existing sanctions imposed by Russia, the Group’s Russian operations 
are subject to significant foreign exchange transfer restrictions, which limit the ability to transfer funds, 
including potential dividend distributions, out of Russia.  
Fortum is preparing a controlled exit from the Russian market, with potential divestments of its Russian 
operations as the preferred path. Uniper has also been preparing a possible divestment of its separately 
listed subsidiary, Unipro (ownership 83.7 per cent.). Due to the circumstances in Russia, the divestment 
of Unipro has been put on hold for the time being, but will be resumed as soon as possible. These 
processes might take time and are subject to regulatory approvals. 
Fuel supply and sourcing from Russia 
In order to secure fuel supplies for its power plants, Fortum and Uniper have taken various measures. 
In Finland, Fortum does not buy coal, pellets or biomass from Russia for its power plants. However, 
Fortum buys nuclear fuel for its Loviisa nuclear power plant in Finland from Russian TVEL (part of 
Rosatom) and it is not possible to quickly change suppliers, due, for example, to required certification 
and permitting processes. The current supply contract is valid until the end of the current operating 
licences in 2027 (Loviisa 1) and in 2030 (Loviisa 2). At the beginning of March 2022, Fortum 
announced its decision for a lifetime extension of the Loviisa nuclear power plant. As part of the 
application for the operating licence, new tendering processes, including for nuclear fuel, will be 
initiated according to Fortum’s procurement procedures. Uniper is actively working to replace coal 
procurement from Russia. Uniper has not concluded any new contracts for Russian coal since the start 
of the war and will terminate existing contracts by the end of August 2022.  
In Finland, Fortum stopped its small-scale commercial electricity import from Russia to Finland via the 
110 kV Svetogorsk-Imatra line in April 2022. The commissioning and ongoing ramp up of the Olkiluoto 
3 nuclear power plant will reduce overall dependence on imported electricity to Finland. Olkiluoto is 
operated by TVO (Teollisuuden Voima Oyj) in which Fortum has a minority interest of 26 per cent.. 
Fuel for Olkiluoto is sourced from Western suppliers. 
Uniper’s gas business and imports from Russia  
Uniper is among the largest importers of natural gas to Europe and plays an essential role in providing 
security of supply, especially in Germany. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Germany is over 90 
per cent. dependent on natural gas imports. In 2021, Germany imported just under 90 bcm of natural 
gas and approximately 55 per cent. of that came from Russia. Uniper's gas midstream business 
comprises a portfolio of around 370 TWh of long-term gas supply contracts. Of these, about 200 TWh 
originate from Russia. 
Uniper will not enter into any new long-term supply contracts for natural gas with its counterparty in 
Russia, Gazprom. Gas imports from Russia to Central Europe cannot be easily replaced at present, but 
Uniper is working to diversify natural gas imports, with the goal being to move to clean gases over 
time. In the short term, Uniper is increasing LNG imports to Europe and is involved in the building and 
operating of a new LNG import terminal project in Wilhelmshaven, Germany. Fortum and Uniper are 
in continuous dialogue with the respective European governments as to how Fortum and Uniper can 
support the securing of the energy supply to their European customers.  
In the event of a limited and short-term curtailment of gas flows from Russia, Uniper is expected to be 
able to use its flexible assets, including its gas storage facilities, in such a way that offsets the outage. 
In contrast, significant interruptions of gas flows would jeopardise the stability of the German gas 
system and would most likely lead to a declaration of emergency by the German Government. Within 
this legal framework, the national authority “Bundesnetzagentur” would become the “federal load

--- Page 103 ---
100 
 
 
dispatcher”, effectively taking control of the system and issuing instructions to market participants on 
supply and demand to balance the system in a timely manner. Uniper expects that such measures and 
events would supersede existing contractual arrangements. Uniper is fulfilling its contractual 
obligations under its Russian gas long-term contracts.  
Fortum’s operations and assets in Russia 
Fortum and Uniper have 12 power plants in Russia. Fortum’s Russia segment comprises its subsidiary 
PAO Fortum (including shares in joint ventures) and its shareholding in PAO TGC-1 (ownership of 
approximately 29 per cent.). Uniper’s Russia business is operated through its subsidiary, Unipro. The 
Group has a combined power generation capacity of 15.5 gigawatts ("GW") and heat production 
capacity of 10.2 GW in Russia. In 2021, the Group generated 71.9 TWh of electricity and produced 
19.1 TWh of heat in Russia. As at 31 December 2021 the Group has approximately 7,000 employees in 
Russia.  
Fortum’s Russian wind and solar portfolio (either in joint venture or direct ownership) comprises 1.2 
GW of operational CSA-backed capacities, 0.3 GW of projects under construction and 1.9 GW of 
projects under development. Due to the current geopolitical situation, the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war 
and consequent supply chain constraints, Fortum is assessing potential delays and its ability to complete 
ongoing wind projects. The investment decision for the 0.3 GW wind and solar capacities was made in 
2021. The capacities under construction include wind parks of 250 MW in the Samara and Volgograd 
regions in Russia. The commissioning of the wind parks was originally planned for the fourth quarter 
of 2022. However, the timeline for completion is currently unclear. In addition, 38 MW of solar 
capacities in Kalmykia is planned to be commissioned in the third quarter of 2022. The future of the 1.9 
GW of wind capacities under development is undecided. As Fortum has stopped all new investment 
projects in Russia, these projects are not proceeding. 
In its first-quarter 2022 results, following Russia’s attack and the war in Ukraine and the consequential 
geopolitical tensions, uncertainties and risks, Fortum recorded pre-tax impairments of approximately 
EUR 2.1 billion related to the Group's Russian operations. The impairments include approximately EUR 
0.3 billion related to fixed assets and goodwill for Fortum’s Russian division and approximately EUR 
0.6 billion for fixed assets from Uniper’s Russian subsidiary Unipro. Further, impairments of 
approximately EUR 0.2 billion are related to Fortum’s ownership stake in PAO TGC-1 and renewables 
joint ventures. Fortum and Uniper also recorded impairments of approximately EUR 1.0 billion related 
to Uniper’s outstanding loan receivable related to the Nord Stream 2 project company. 
Business Strategy  
In 2020, the Group updated its strategy for the entire Group, including Uniper. The strategy builds on 
driving the clean energy transition and delivering sustainable financial performance. The Group's 
strategy builds on four strategic priorities: 
1. 
Transform own operations to carbon neutral 
The transformation of the Group’s operations to carbon neutrality has been a long-standing 
priority. To accelerate this development, the Group is committed to the following ambitious 
climate and environmental targets:

--- Page 104 ---
101 
 
 
• 
Carbon neutral, in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement, by 2050 at the latest 
(scope 1, 2, and 3 greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions as defined by the GHG Protocol 
Standard6); 
• 
Carbon neutral in European generation by 2035 at the latest (scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions); 
• 
Reduction of CO2 emissions (scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions) in European generation 
by at least 50 per cent. by 2030 (with 2019 as the baseline year); and 
• 
Reduction of Scope 3 GHG emissions by 35 per cent. by 2035 at the latest (compared 
to base-year 2021). 
In 2022, Fortum’s target is to develop a science-based strategy to measure and enhance the 
biodiversity impacts of the Group’s operations and of any new projects. 
Measures for the reduction of Fortum's coal-fired generation capacity include coal-fired plant 
closures in Germany announced by Uniper in 2020: 0.9 GW at the end of 2020, 1.5 GW by end 
of 2022, and a further 0.5 GW by the end of 2025. The reduction also includes the closure of 
Uniper’s 2 GW in the UK by the end of 2025 and Fortum’s previously announced commitment 
to discontinue the use of coal in Espoo, Finland by 2025.  
Further to the planned power plant closures mentioned above, Uniper will close its 1 GW coal-
fired plant in the Netherlands by the end of 2029. As defined in the German coal-exit law, 
Uniper's 1.1 GW coal-fired power plant in Germany, Datteln 4, will be decommissioned by 
2038. 
In 2021 the Group announced accelerated coal phase-out of six of its coal-fired power plants in 
Germany and the UK compared to the original timetable. In Russia, Fortum sold its Argayash 
coal-fired combined heat and power plant in 2021 and is transforming its Chelyabinsk CHP-2 
plant from the use of coal to gas, ending the use of coal in the Fortum Russia segment by the 
end of 2022. This leaves the Group’s Russian operations with only one coal-fired power plant 
without a clearly communicated exit path, the Berezovskaya power plant of the Uniper 
segment. Due to the current geopolitical situation and the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war, Fortum 
has stopped all new investments in Russia and is preparing for a controlled exit. For further 
details see ‘Fortum in Russia’, above. 
2. 
Strengthen and grow in CO2-free power generation 
Fortum’s investment in Uniper increased the Group’s CO2-free power generation by 60 per 
cent. and made the Group the third largest CO2-free power generator in Europe7. Fortum 
continues to focus on optimising and maintaining benchmark operations in hydro and nuclear.  
Fortum is also focusing on growing a sizeable portfolio of onshore wind and solar based power 
generation, primarily in Europe, to make it a meaningful EBITDA contributor. The target is to 
build 1.5–2 GW of new capacity by 2025. This capacity will partly be built on the Group’s own 
balance sheet and partly using the ‘build-operate-transfer’ business model.  
                                                          
6  
GHG Protocol Standard means the document titled "The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard (Revised Edition)" published by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources 
Institute.  
7 Fortum internal estimates based on publicly available information.

--- Page 105 ---
102 
 
 
To ensure focused and effective implementation, the Group has a ‘one team’ approach for 
Fortum’s and Uniper’s Nordic hydro and physical trading optimisation as well as for solar and 
wind in Europe.  
To ramp up CO2-emission free power generation, Fortum has decided to apply for new 
operating licence for both units at the Loviisa nuclear power plant until the end of 2050. Over 
the course of these years, the plant is expected to generate up to 170 TWh of emission-free 
electricity. Finland's fifth nuclear reactor, the Olkiluoto 3 (OL3) reactor will increase Fortum’s 
power generation with the Group’s share of 400 MW. The total capacity of the plant is 1,600 
MW. 
In wind and solar power generation in 2021, the joint team of Fortum and Uniper for wind and 
solar businesses in Europe launched its first project of 380 MW Pjelax-Böle and Kristinestad 
Norr wind parks in Finland together with an external partner. At the beginning of 2022, Fortum 
won the right to build a total of 800 MW of solar power capacity in coming years in national 
auctions in India. In 2021, Fortum together with its joint ventures commissioned seven new 
wind power plants in Rostov, Volgograd and Astrakhan regions in Russia, as well as the first 
stage of the new 116 MW solar plant in Kalmykia. Fortum’s Russian wind and solar portfolio 
(either in joint venture or direct ownership) comprises 1.2 GW of operational CSA-backed 
capacities, 0.3 GW of projects under construction and 1.9 GW of projects under development. 
Due to the current geopolitical situation and the ongoing Russia-Ukraine war, Fortum has 
stopped all new investment projects in Russia.  
3. 
Leverage the strong position in gas to enable the energy transition 
Through Uniper, Fortum is now also a major player in gas with its benchmark gas-fired power 
generation and gas midstream business, which provides gas for heating and various industrial 
needs. As Europe transitions away from coal, the Group’s gas assets provide much-needed 
flexibility to the power system, enabling fast growth in solar and wind power. Fortum aims to 
decarbonise its gas-fired power generation through conversion to clean gases over time.  
Gas plays a vital role in many areas outside the power market, and the Group will also continue 
to focus on reliable supply of gas for heating and industrial processes. The Group’s aim is to 
continue to optimise its gas supply and storage, and grow its share of contracted sales to 
wholesale and industrial customers. In the longer term, the Group’s natural gas usage will 
transition towards clean hydrogen and synthetic gases. The strong position in the gas value 
chain and CO2-free power generation create good foundations for the Group to deliver its 
ambition of providing clean hydrogen solutions in the future. 
Uniper plays a central role in the German and European gas market and in security of supply 
in Germany. Uniper imports approximately 370 TWh of gas per year. This volume corresponds 
to around one third of the average annual gas consumption in Germany. For further details on 
Uniper’s diversification of gas procurement sources, see ‘Fortum in Russia’, above. Uniper is 
also the largest operator of natural gas storage facilities in Germany8 with a capacity of around 
70 TWh hours. This corresponds to around one third of Germany’s storage capacity and just 
under one tenth of Germany's annual gas demand.  
As part of the move towards decarbonisation of gas flows for supply security, Uniper will 
convert its power plant in Scholven in Germany from coal-fired to gas-fired generation through 
the construction of a modern combined-cycle gas turbine (CCGT) for the supply of industrial 
customers in the region with significantly lower CO2 emissions. In the next phase, the Scholven 
                                                          
8 Source: Aggregated Gas Storage Inventory, Remit Storage Data (data as at 12 June 2022).

--- Page 106 ---
103 
 
 
power plant will be converted from gas-fired to eventually fully using green hydrogen by 2030. 
To offer security of supply solutions for transmission system operators ("TSOs"), Uniper has 
also started to build the new 300 MW Irsching 6 gas-fired power plant. 
Furthermore, Uniper is supporting the German government by building and operating the 
country’s first LNG terminal in Wilhelmshaven. In the longer term the “Green Wilhelmshaven” 
project aims to import green ammonia and produce hydrogen to meet approximately 15 per 
cent. of  German hydrogen demand in the 2030’s. 
4. 
Partner with industrial and infrastructure customers  
In line with its purpose, Fortum wants to engage with customers and societies to help decrease 
their environmental footprints. Accordingly, Fortum aims to provide industrial and 
infrastructure customers with decarbonisation and environmental solutions, such as grid 
stability, waste-to-energy and low-carbon industrial solutions.  
Uniper actively supports transmission system operators (TSO) to balance the power grid and 
ensure security of supply by providing grid services. In 2020, Uniper was awarded four six-
year contracts to deliver innovative grid stability services in Killingholme and Grain in the UK. 
The development of the hydrogen economy plays a key role in decarbonising Europe. The 
ambition levels of the EU and several member states are very high. Fortum aims to build on 
Uniper’s first-mover position in hydrogen9, the Group’s position as Europe’s third largest CO2-
free power generator10, its long-term customer relationships, as well as its expertise in 
engineering, trading, risk management and gas storage to develop and capture the opportunities 
in hydrogen as they become commercially available. The Group’s target is to have 1 GW 
electrolysis capacity for green hydrogen by 2030. Fortum has one dedicated team in hydrogen.  
Long term financial targets 
The Group‘s long-term financial targets, set in 2020 in connection with the strategy update, are: 
• 
Financial net debt/comparable EBITDA below 2x. The Issuer continues to be committed to 
maintaining a rating of at least BBB. 
• 
Hurdle rates for new investments based on weighted average cost of capital ("WACC")  
− 
+100 basis points for green investments 
− 
+200 basis points for other investments 
Dividend Policy 
The Group's dividend policy is: 'to pay a stable, sustainable and, over time, increasing dividend'. For 
the year ended 31 December 2021, a dividend of EUR 1.14 per share was paid (2020: EUR 1.12). 
Selected financial information 
The table below sets out selected financial information of the Group as at and for the three months 
ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 and as at and for the full years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer as at 
                                                          
9 Uniper internal estimates based on publicly available information. 
10 Fortum internal estimates based on publicly available information.

--- Page 107 ---
104 
 
 
and for the three months ended 31 March 2022 has been derived from the unaudited Financial 
Statements Q1 2022 incorporated by reference herein.  
The Group consolidated Uniper as an associated company from 30 June 2018 until 31 March 2020 and 
as the majority owner of Uniper, the Group consolidated Uniper as a subsidiary as of 31 March 2020. 
See below section "Financial results".  
  
As at and for three 
months ended 31 
March 
As at and for the year 
ended 31 December 
  
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
EUR million or otherwise stated 
2022 
2021 
2021 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
Income Statement Data 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Sales .................................................................... 
43,623 
21,493 
112,400 
49,015 
Comparable EBITDA 1)  .................................... 
-104 
1,479 
3,817 
2,434 
Comparable operating profit ................................ 
-438 
1,171 
2,536 
1,344 
Operating profit ................................................... 
-2,416 
1,345 
-588 
1,599 
Share of profit/loss of associates and joint 
ventures 1) ............................................................ 
-190 
80 
192 
656 
Profit for the period  ............................................ 
-2,833 
1,310 
-114 
1,855 
Attributable to: .................................................... 
  
  
  
  
Owners of the parent  ..................................... 
-2,222 
1,092 
739 
1,823 
Non-controlling interest ................................. 
-610 
218 
-852 
32 
Earnings per share, EUR  .................................... 
-2.50 
1.23 
0.83 
2.05 
Comparable profit for the period  ........................ 
-99 
837 
1,778 
1,483 
Comparable earnings per share, EUR  ................ 
-0.11 
0.94 
2.00 
1.67 
  
  
  
  
  
Financial Position Data 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Non-current assets 2) ............................................ 
67,987 
36,362 
49,399 
34,908 
Current assets 2) ................................................... 
137,482 
26,318 
100,155 
22,567 
Assets held for sale .............................................. 
956 
737 
108 
335 
Total assets .......................................................... 
206,425 
63,416 
149,661 
57,810 
Equity attributable to owners' of the parent ......... 
8,036 
14,303 
12,131 
12,953 
Non-controlling interest....................................... 
727 
2,910 
1,534 
2,624 
Non-current liabilities .......................................... 
50,455 
22,801 
35,771 
21,576 
Current liabilities ................................................. 
146,847 
23,170 
100,226 
20,451 
Liabilities related to assets held for sale .............. 
360 
233 
0 
206 
Total equity and liabilities ................................... 
206,425 
63,416 
149,661 
57,810 
  
  
  
  
  
Financial net debt ................................................   
2,235 
6,410 
789 
7,023 
Adjusted net debt  ................................................ 
4,454 
8,892 
3,227 
9,784 
Financial net debt / Comparable EBITDA 1) ....... 
  
  
0.2 
2.9 
Financial net debt / Comparable EBITDA,  
LTM 3) ................................................................. 
1.0 
1.9 
  
  
 
1) 
Comparable EBITDA is defined as an alternative performance measure and used as a component in the capital structure target 
'Financial net debt-to-Comparable EBITDA'. In 2020 Comparable EBITDA includes contribution from Uniper for the period 1 
April to 31 December 2020 since Uniper was consolidated as a subsidiary from 31 March 2020. Until 31 of March 2020 Uniper's 
contribution to the income statement was recognised in the Share of profit/loss of associates and joint ventures.

--- Page 108 ---
105 
 
 
2) 
In 2021 CO2 emission allowances were reclassified from Intangible assets in Total non-current assets to Inventories in Total current  
assets and  comparative periods were reclassified accordingly.  The impact was EUR -510 million to Total non-current assets and 
EUR +510 million to Total current assets in the 31 March 2021 balance sheet and EUR -540 million to Total non-current assets 
and EUR +540 million to Total current assets in the 31 December 2020 balance sheet. 
3) 
LTM, last twelve months, present figures for tweleve months preceding the reporting date.  
Alternative performance measures ("APMs") 
According to the ESMA Guidelines on APMs, an APM is understood as a financial measure of historical 
or future financial performance, financial position, or cash flows, other than a financial measure defined 
or specified in the applicable financial reporting framework.  
The Group uses APMs, such as Comparable operating profit and Comparable EBITDA in its financial 
target setting and forecasting, management's follow-up of financial performance of segments and the 
Group, as well as for the allocation of resources in the Group's performance management process. Items 
affecting comparability are excluded from Comparable operating profit and Comparable EBITDA and 
disclosed separately in the Group's consolidated income statement to support the transparency of 
underlying business performance when comparing results between periods.  
Items affecting comparability are categorised as follows: 
• 
Impairment charges and reversals  
• 
Capital gains and other related items 
• 
Impact from acquisition accounting 
• 
Changes in fair values of  derivatives hedging future cash flow 
• 
Other (comprises restructuring and cost management expenses and other miscellaneous non-
operating items) 
The Group also discloses Comparable net profit and Comparable Earnings per share ("EPS") to support 
meaningful comparison of underlying net profitability between periods. Comparable net profit is shown 
after non-controlling interest and adjusted for items affecting comparability, as well as adjustments to 
share of profit of associates and joint ventures, net finance costs, income tax expenses, and non-
controlling interest. Comparable earnings per share is calculated from comparable net profit. 
The Group has defined its long-term financial target for capital structure based on 'Financial net debt-
to-comparable EBITDA'.  
The Group uses 'financial net debt' as a component in the capital structure target and 'adjusted net debt' 
when monitoring the Group's indebtedness.  
Reconciliation of certain alternative performance measures 
 
  
As at and for the 31 
March 
As at and for the 
year ended 31 
December 
  
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
EUR million  
2022 
2021 
2021 
2020 
  
  
  
  
  
Comparable EBITDA 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Operating profit  ....................................................  
-2,416 
1,345 
-588 
1,599

--- Page 109 ---
106 
 
 
  
As at and for the 31 
March 
As at and for the 
year ended 31 
December 
  
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
EUR million  
2022 
2021 
2021 
2020 
+Depreciation  .......................................................  
334 
308 
1,281 
1,090 
EBITDA  ...............................................................  
-2,082 
1,653 
693 
2,689 
-Items affecting comparability  ..............................   
1,978 
-174 
3,124 
-255 
Comparable EBITDA..........................................  
-104 
1,479 
3,817 
2,434 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Comparable Operating profit 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Operating profit .....................................................  
-2,416 
1,345 
-588 
1,599 
-Items affecting comparability ...............................  
1,978 
-174 
3,124 
-255 
Comparable operating profit ..............................  
-438 
1,171 
2,536 
1,344 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Items affecting comparability 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Impairment charges and reversals .........................  
-830 
-1 
-83 
2 
Capital gains and other related items .....................  
3 
51 
2,681 
765 
Impact from acquisition accounting ......................  
0 
  
0 
-222 
Changes in fair values of derivatives hedging future 
cash flow ................................................................  
-1,107 
165 
-5,424 
-675 
Other ......................................................................  
-44 
-41 
-299 
386 
Items affecting comparability .............................  
-1,978 
174 
-3,124 
255 
 
 
 
 
 
Comparable Net profit 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Net profit ...............................................................  
-2,833 
1,310 
-114 
1,855 
Items affecting comparability ................................  
1,978 
-174 
3,124 
-255 
Adjustments to share of profit/loss of associates and 
joint ventures .........................................................  
216 
-13 
-38 
0 
Adjustments to finance costs – net ........................  
1,090 
-17 
-146 
-48 
Adjustments to income tax expenses .....................  
-654 
-110 
-780 
45 
 Non-controlling interests ......................................  
610 
-218 
852 
-32 
 Adjustments to non-controlling interests ..............  
-507 
57 
-1,121 
-82 
Comparable net profit 
-99 
837 
1,778 
1,483 
Comparable earnings per share 
  
  
  
  
Comparable net profit, EUR million 
-99 
837 
1,778 
1,483 
Average number of shares during the period, 1 000 
shares 
888,294 
888,294 
888,294 
888,294 
Comparable earnings per share, EUR 
-0.11 
0.94 
2.00 
1.67 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial net debt and adjusted net debt 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
+ Interest-bearing liabilities ................................  
14,875 
10,978 
17,220 
10,662 
- Liquid funds .......................................................  
6,419 
3,598 
7,592 
2,308 
- Non-current Securities ......................................  
106 
106 
111 
98 
-Collateral arrangement Securities ......................  
537 
418 
549 
432

--- Page 110 ---
107 
 
 
  
As at and for the 31 
March 
As at and for the 
year ended 31 
December 
  
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
EUR million  
2022 
2021 
2021 
2020 
- Securities in interest-bearing receivables ........  
643 
524 
660 
530 
- Margin receivables ...........................................  
7,441 
1,118 
9,163 
1,132 
+ Margin liabilities ..............................................  
1,864 
673 
985 
331 
+ Net margin liabilities ........................................  
-5,578 
-445 
-8,179 
-801 
Financial net debt ................................................  
2,235 
6,410 
789 
7,023 
+ Pension obligations ..........................................  
931 
1,288 
1,190 
1,520 
+ Other asset retirement obligations ...................  
848 
816 
872 
821 
- Share of Finnish and Swedish Nuclear Waste 
Funds  ...............................................................  
3,399 
3,406 
3,515 
3,445 
+ Nuclear provisions ........................................  
3,840 
3,785 
3,891 
3,866 
+ Nuclear provisions net of assets in Nuclear Waste 
Funds ...................................................................  
441 
378 
375 
421 
+ Total provisions net of assets in Nuclear Waste 
Funds ..................................................................  
2,219 
2,482 
2,438 
2,762 
Adjusted net debt .................................................  
4,454 
8,892 
3,227 
9,784 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial net debt / Comparable EBITDA 
LTM 
LTM 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Financial Net debt ................................................  
2,235 
6,410 
789 
7,023 
Operating profit ...................................................  
-4,349 
2,341 
-588 
1,599 
+Depreciation  .....................................................  
1,307 
1,248 
1,281 
1,090 
EBITDA  .............................................................  
-3,041 
3,589 
693 
2,689 
-Items affecting comparability ............................  
5,276 
-219 
3,124 
-255 
Comparable EBITDA .......................................  
2,234 
3,370 
3,817 
2,434 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial net debt / Comparable EBITDA 
1.0 
1.9 
0.2 
2.9 
Financial results 
The following financial analysis of the Group as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020 
is based on the consolidated financial information derived from the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
The Group consolidated Uniper as an associated company according to the equity method of accounting 
until 31 March 2020.  
The Group started to consolidate Uniper as a subsidiary as of 31 March 2020 and Uniper is a separate 
reportable segment of the Group. As of the end of March 2020, the Group consolidated Uniper into its 
balance sheet and, from the second quarter in 2020, consolidated Uniper's results into its income 
statement and cash flow statement. The purchase price allocation for the Uniper acquisition was 
finalised in 2021.  
In 2021, the Group's sales were EUR 112,400 million (2020: EUR 49,015 million). Comparable 
EBITDA in 2021 totalled EUR 3,817 million (2020: EUR 2,434 million). Comparable operating profit 
in 2021 totalled EUR 2,536 million (2020: EUR 1,344 million).

--- Page 111 ---
108 
 
 
Operating profit in 2021 totalled EUR -588 million (2020: EUR 1,599 million). The Group's operating 
profit for the period was impacted by items affecting comparability of EUR -3,124 million (2020: EUR 
255 million).  
The share of profit from associates and joint ventures in 2021 was EUR 192 million (2020: EUR 656 
million). The Comparable share of profits of associates and joint ventures was EUR 154 million (2020: 
656 million). The comparison period includes the comparable share of profit from Uniper of EUR 502 
million based on Uniper’s fourth-quarter 2019 and first-quarter 2020 results.  
Net finance costs in 2021 (i.e. net finance income) amounted to EUR 107 million (2020: EUR -56 
million). ‘Comparable finance costs – net’ amounted to EUR -38 million (2020: EUR -103 million). 
The change mainly relates to the positive effect of changes in discount rates on Other provisions in the 
Uniper segment.  
Profit before income taxes in 2021 was EUR -289 million (2020: EUR 2,199 million). Comparable 
profit before income taxes was EUR 2,651 million (2020: EUR 1,897 million). Income tax expenses in 
2021 totalled EUR 175 million (tax income) (2020: -344 EUR million). Comparable income tax 
expenses were EUR -605 million (2020: EUR -299 million).  
Net profit was EUR -114 million (2020: EUR 1,855 million). Comparable net profit was EUR 1,778 
million (2020: EUR 1,483 million) after the deduction of adjusted non-controlling interest. Comparable 
net profit is adjusted for items affecting comparability, adjustments to share of profit of associates and 
joint ventures, net finance costs, and income tax expenses.  
EPS in 2021 were EUR 0.83 (2020: EUR 2.05).  Comparable earnings per share were EUR 2.00 (2020: 
EUR: 1.67).  
In 2021, the Group's net cash from operating activities increased by EUR 2,415 million to EUR 4,970 
million (2020: EUR 2,555 million). The change in working capital was impacted by operational 
liquidity measures in the Uniper segment, which were adopted to manage the increased margin 
receivables in investing activities. Investments excluding acquisitions in 2021 increased by EUR 77 
million to EUR 1,178 million (2020: EUR 1,101 million). Acquisition of shares, net of liquid funds, 
was EUR 294 million (2020: EUR 1,801 million). Acquisition of shares mainly relates to the acquisition 
of Uniper shares. Divestment of shares and capital returns of EUR 3,863 million (2020: EUR 1,244 
million) mainly include the divestments of the 50 per cent. ownership in Stockholm Exergi Holding AB 
and the district heating business in the Baltics. In 2020, divestment of shares mainly includes the 
divestment of the Joensuu and Järvenpää district heating operations. The change in margin receivables 
was EUR -7,964 million (2020: EUR -552 million) as a result of the higher commodity prices.  
The negative change of EUR 7,964 million (2020: EUR 552 million) in margin receivables in net cash 
used in investing activities was partly offset by the positive change of EUR 649 million (2020: EUR -
623 million) in margin liabilities in the cash flow from financing activities. 
Cash flow before financing activities was EUR -756 million (2020: EUR 415 million). 
In 2021, the Group paid dividends totalling EUR 995 million (2020: EUR 977 million). The net increase 
in long-term liabilities was EUR 1,124 million (2020: EUR 2,062 million) while the increase in short-
term liabilities was EUR 5,364 million (2020: EUR 207 million). The increase in short-term liabilities 
is mainly related to the use of commercial paper programmes and revolving credit facilities, which are 
used to manage the increased margin receivables. In 2020, Fortum drew a term loan of EUR 2,000 
million and a bridge loan of EUR 300 million to finance the acquisition of shares in Uniper. Change in 
margin liabilities was EUR 649 million (2020: EUR -623 million) mainly due to higher commodity 
prices. The net increase in liquid funds was EUR 5,256 million (2020: EUR 920 million).

--- Page 112 ---
109 
 
 
At the end of 2021, the Group's total assets amounted to EUR 149,661 million (2020: EUR 57,810 
million). 
At the end of the financial year ended 31 December 2021, the Group's financial net debt totalled EUR 
789 million (2020: EUR 7,023 million) and adjusted net debt EUR 3,227 million (2020: EUR 9,784 
million) impacted by the Uniper transaction in the first quarter of 2020.  
At 31 December 2021, the Group's liquid funds totalled EUR 7,592 million (2020: EUR 2,308 million). 
Liquid funds include EUR 2,966 million held by Uniper (2020: EUR 289 million). At 31 December 
2021, the Group had undrawn committed credit facilities amounting to EUR 400 million. In May 2021, 
Fortum repaid a maturing bond of EUR 500 million and in December 2021 Fortum prepaid EUR 1,550 
million of a EUR 2,000 million bridge loan maturing in October 2022. The undrawn facilities consisted 
of EUR 300 million of the total new EUR 800 million bilateral revolving credit facility maturing in 
December 2022 with borrower's one year extension option, and EUR 100 million committed overdraft 
limits that are valid until further notice. The EUR 1,750 million revolving credit facility with maturity 
in June 2023 and Uniper’s revolving credit facility of EUR 1,800 million with maturity in September 
2025 were both fully drawn in December 2021. 
At 31 December 2021, the financial net debt to comparable EBITDA ratio for 2021 was 0.2 (2020: 2.9). 
Since Uniper was consolidated as a subsidiary as of 31 March 2020, Comparable EBITDA includes 
contribution from Uniper for the period 1 April to 31 December 2020.  
Financial analysis of the Group based on the unaudited interim financial statements as at and the 
three months ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 
In the three months ended 31 March 2022, the Group's sales were EUR 43,623 million (1-3/2021: EUR 
21,493 million). Comparable EBITDA in the three months ended 31 March 2022 totalled EUR -104 
million (1-3/2021: EUR 1,479 million). Comparable operating profit for the three months ended 31 
March 2022 totalled EUR -438 million (1-3/2021: EUR 1,171 million). The loss was mainly attributable 
to the Uniper segment’s midstream gas business, in particular gas storage optimisation. Uniper reduced 
its anticipated gas storage withdrawals in the first quarter, which resulted in an earnings shift of 
approximately EUR 750 million from the first quarter into the remaining quarters of 2022. However, 
despite the first-quarter loss, Uniper reiterated its full-year 2022 guidance.  
Operating profit for the three months ended 31 March 2022 totalled EUR -2,416 million (1-3/2021: 
EUR 1,345 million). The Group's operating profit for the period was impacted by items affecting 
comparability of EUR -1,978 million (1-3/2021: EUR -174 million).  
The share of profit from associates and joint ventures for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was 
EUR -190 million (1-3/2021: EUR 80 million).  The share of profits of associates and joint ventures in 
January-March 2022 includes EUR 150 million of impairments related to Fortum’s ownership in the 
PAO TGC-1 and EUR 22 million of impairments of the renewables joint ventures in Russia. The 
Comparable share of profits of associates and joint ventures was EUR 26 million (1-3/2021: EUR 67 
million). 
Net finance costs for the three months ended 31 March 2022 amounted to EUR -956 million (1-3/2021: 
EUR 36 million),  mainly relating to the EUR 1,003 million impairment of Uniper’s financial loan 
receivable, including accrued interest, for the Nord Stream 2 pipeline project. The receivable has been 
fully written down. Comparable finance costs - net i.e. net finance income amounted to EUR 135 million 
(1-3/2021: EUR 19 million income). 
Profit before income taxes for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was EUR -3,561 million (1-
3/2021: EUR 1,460 million). Comparable profit before income taxes was EUR -277 million (1-3/2021: 
EUR 1,257 million). Income tax expenses in January-March 2022 totalled EUR 728 million (tax

--- Page 113 ---
110 
 
 
income) (1-3/2021: EUR -150 million). Comparable income tax expenses (tax income) were EUR 74 
million (1-3/2021: EUR -260 million).  
Net profit for the three months ended 31 March 2022 was EUR -2,833 million (1-3/2021: EUR 1,310 
million). Comparable net profit was EUR -99 million (1-3/2021: EUR 837 million) after the deduction 
of adjusted non-controlling interest. Comparable net profit is adjusted for items affecting comparability, 
adjustments to share of profit of associates and joint ventures, net finance costs, and income tax 
expenses.  
Earnings per share ("EPS") for the three months ended 31 March 2022 were EUR -2.50 (1-3/2021: 
EUR 1.23).  Comparable earnings per share were EUR -0.11 (1-3/2021: EUR 0.94).  
For the three months ended 31 March 2022 the Group's net cash from operating activities decreased by 
EUR 2,360 million to EUR -1,529 million (1-3/2021: EUR 831 million). The main reason for the 
negative cash flow was the negative change in working capital in the Uniper segment. Working capital 
was impacted by payments for CO2 allowances and gas related operational measures taken to improve 
liquidity in the fourth quarter of 2021. These measures had a reverse cash flow effect in the first quarter 
of 2022. 
Net cash from investing activities was EUR 1,659 million (1-3/2021: EUR -194) million for the three 
months ended 31 March 2022. The main effect was related to change in margin receivables that was 
EUR 1,722 million (1-3/2021: EUR 16 million). Capital expenditure decreased by EUR 91 million to 
EUR 202 million (1-3/2021: EUR 293 million). Cash flow before financing activities was EUR 130 
million (1-3/2021: EUR 637 million). 
Net cash from financing activities was EUR -1,287 million (1-3/2021: EUR 655 million). The net 
decrease in long-term liabilities was EUR 300 million (1-3/2021: increase EUR 20 million), while the 
decrease in short-term liabilities was EUR 1,787 million (1-3/2021: increase EUR 295 million), mainly 
related to repayments of commercial papers. The change in margin liabilities was EUR 875 million (1-
3/2021: EUR 339 million). The net decrease in liquid funds was EUR -1,158 million (1-3/2021: increase 
EUR 1,292 million). 
At 31 March 2022, the Group's total assets amounted to EUR 206,425 million (31 Dec 2021: EUR 
149,661 million). 
At 31 March 2022, the Group's financial net debt totalled EUR 2,235 million (31 Dec 2021: EUR 789 
million) and adjusted net debt EUR 4,454 million (31 Dec 2021: EUR 3,227 million).  
At 31 March 2022, the Group's liquid funds totalled EUR 6,419 million (31 Dec 2021: EUR 7,592 
million).  
At 31 March 2022, the Group had undrawn committed credit facilities amounting to EUR 5,800 million. 
The undrawn facilities include committed revolving facilities of EUR 3,800 million, of which EUR 
3,000 million matures in July 2022 and EUR 800 million matures in December 2022 (with a one-year 
extension option). Uniper’s committed revolving credit facility of EUR 2,000 million matures in April 
2023. In addition to the revolving credit facilities, Fortum has EUR 100 million committed overdraft 
limits that are valid until further notice. 
At 31 March 2022, the financial net debt to comparable EBITDA ratio for Last Twelve Months (LTM) 
was 1.0 times (31 December 2021: 0.2 times). 
Comparable EBITDA and comparable operating profit

--- Page 114 ---
111 
 
 
  
As at and for three 
months ended 31 
March 
As at and for the year 
ended 31 December 
  
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
EUR million  
2022 
2021 
2021 
2020 
  
  
  
  
  
Comparable EBITDA by segment 
  
  
  
  
Generation ..............................................  
330 
315 
1,299 
886 
Russia  ....................................................  
92 
134 
404 
394 
City Solutions ........................................  
90 
132 
317 
239 
Consumer Solutions ...............................  
54 
53 
123 
153 
Uniper ....................................................  
-645 
868 
1,789 
856 
Other Operations  ...................................  
-25 
-23 
-114 
-94 
Fortum Group ......................................  
-104 
1,479 
3,817 
2,434 
  
  
  
  
  
Comparable operating profit by segment 
  
  
  
  
Generation ..............................................  
282 
269 
1,110 
722 
Russia .....................................................   
61 
100 
261 
251 
City Solutions ........................................  
48 
86 
135 
47 
Consumer Solutions  ..............................  
35 
36 
52 
90 
Uniper ....................................................  
-833 
711 
1,120 
363 
Other Operations  ...................................  
-32 
-31 
-142 
-129 
Fortum Group ......................................  
-438 
1,171 
2,536 
1,344 
Recent Developments 
Downgrade of Uniper's credit rating 
On 14 March 2022, S&P placed Fortum’s and Uniper’s BBB ratings on "CreditWatch Negative". 
Subsequently, on 16 May 2022 S&P removed Fortum's and Uniper's respective ratings from 
CreditWatch, affirmed Fortum's BBB rating with a negative outlook, and downgraded Uniper to a BBB- 
rating with a negative outlook. 
A downgrade of Uniper's S&P rating by one or more notches to a non-investment grade rating (BB+ or 
below) would trigger Uniper's counterparties' rights under certain sales and trading contracts 
(predominantly in Uniper's global commodities business) to demand that Uniper provide additional cash 
or non-cash collateral. The quantum of additional collateral that Uniper's counterparties could request 
in these circumstances would depend upon a number of factors that cannot be accurately forecast and 
it is therefore not possible to accurately estimate the quantum of any such additional collateral. Such 
amount could however be very significant in the context of Uniper's and Fortum's respective businesses. 
As of 16 May 2022 Fortum's and Uniper's S&P ratings are no longer subject to CreditWatch, and on 17 
March 2022 Fitch expressed its view that Fortum can preserve its BBB rating (stable outlook). As part 
of its updated strategy set in December 2020 and its long-term financial targets, Fortum remains 
committed to maintaining its solid investment grade rating of at least BBB.  
Completion of sale of Fortum Oslo Varme AS 
On 19 May 2022, Fortum announced that it had completed the previously announced sale of its 50 per 
cent. ownership of Norwegian district heating company Fortum Oslo Varme AS to a consortium of 
institutional investors comprising Hafslund Eco, Infranode and HitecVision. The total sale 
consideration amounted to approximately EUR 1 billion on a cash and debt free basis and as part of the 
transaction, Fortum will deconsolidate a related EUR 0.2 billion loan from the City of Oslo. The loan

--- Page 115 ---
112 
 
 
was recognised as liabilities related to assets held for sale in Fortum’s unaudited Financial Statements 
Q1 2022. 
Litigation 
Various routine court actions, arbitration proceedings, tax and regulatory investigations and 
proceedings are currently pending against entities in the Group, and further actions or proceedings may 
be instituted or asserted in the future. Through the acquisition of Uniper, the Group is facing wider 
exposure to legal proceedings and investigations. In addition to public law disputes, the Group is subject 
to legal actions and proceedings in relation to contract amendments and price adjustments initiated in 
response to market upheavals and the changed economic situation in the gas and electricity sectors (also 
as a consequence of the transition to clean energy) and concerning anticompetitive and fraudulent 
practices, as well as general commercial contract disputes. 
The aforementioned proceedings include several court and arbitration proceedings with major 
customers and major suppliers, also initiated in some instances by the Group, concerning contract 
amendments and price adjustments in long-term supply contracts and procurement options for 
electricity and gas, as well as long- term contracts for storage capacity in response to the altered situation 
brought about by market upheavals, and also reimbursements of costs. In some of these cases, the 
validity of the price-adjustment clauses applied, and of the contracts in their entirety is in dispute. Long-
term LNG and gas procurement contracts generally include the option for producers and importers to 
adjust the terms in line with changed market conditions. On this basis, the Group is currently involved 
in court and arbitration proceedings and continuously conducts extensive negotiations with producers. 
Furthermore, proceedings are pending concerning the clarification of certain regulatory requirements 
and public-law disputes are also pending, in particular, in connection with the operating license for the 
hard-coal power plant in Datteln and in connection with financial compensation for the effects of the 
Dutch coal exit from Uniper’s hard-coal power plant in Maasvlakte (MPP3). The possibility of further 
legal disputes cannot be excluded.  
Corporate Governance and Management 
Corporate governance at the Issuer is based on Finnish laws and Fortum's Articles of Association. The 
Issuer fully complies with and has prepared its corporate governance statement ("Corporate Governance 
Statement") in accordance with, the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2020, which is available on 
the website of the Finnish Securities Market Association: www.cgfinland.fi. 
The Corporate Governance Statement is issued separately from the Operating and Financial Review, 
and it has been reviewed by the Audit and Risk Committee of Fortum's Board of Directors. 
The Group prepares consolidated financial statements and interim reports in accordance with the IFRS 
as adopted by the EU, the Finnish Securities Markets Act as well as the appropriate Financial 
Supervision Authority's regulations and guidelines and Nasdaq Helsinki's rules. The Group's operating 
and financial review and the parent company financial statements are prepared in accordance with the 
Finnish Companies Act, Finnish Accounting Act, Finnish Securities Markets Act, and the opinions and 
guidelines of the Finnish Accounting Board. The auditor's report covers the consolidated financial 
statements and the parent company financial statements. The decision-making bodies managing and 
overseeing the Group's administration and operations are the General Meeting of Shareholders, the 
Board of Directors with its two Committees (the Audit and Risk Committee and the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee) and the President and Chief Executive Officer, supported by the Fortum 
Executive Management. In addition to the two above-mentioned standing committees, the Board of 
Directors has also set up a Special Committee on Geopolitical Escalation following Russia’s attack on 
Ukraine on 24 February 2022 in order to keep the Board of Directors informed and aware of the 
developments and to analyse their impacts on the Group.

--- Page 116 ---
113 
 
 
Share Capital 
At the end of March 2022, a total of 888,294,465 Fortum shares had been issued. Each share entitles 
the holder to one vote at the Annual General Meeting. All shares entitle holders to an equal dividend. 
As at 31 March 2022, the Group's share capital, paid in its entirety and entered in the trade register, was 
EUR 3,046,185,953.00 (unchanged since 31 December 2021). 
Major shareholders 
The Group's major shareholders on 31 May 2022: 
 
Shareholders 
Shares 
Per cent. of 
Shares 
1 
Prime Minister's Office                                                     
450,932,988 
50.76 
2 
Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company                         
13,360,000 
1.50 
3 
Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company                              
9,615,407 
1.08 
4 
Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company                                   
8,814,742 
0.99 
5 
The Finnish Social Insurance Institution                                    
6,430,896 
0.72 
6 
Kurikan Kaupunki                                                     
6,203,500 
0.70 
7 
The State Pension Fund                                                     
2,700,000 
0.30 
8 
OP-Finland                                                     
2,144,391 
0.24 
9 
Danske Invest Finnish Equity Fund                                           
1,710,000 
0.19 
10 
Nordea Pro Finland Fund                                                     
1,199,814 
0.14 
10 largest shareholders total 
503,111,738 
56.64 
 
Nominee registered 
245,190,403 
27.60 
Other shares 
139,992,324 
15.76 
Total 
888,294,465 
100.00 
The list has been compiled by the Issuer on the basis of shareholder information obtained from 
Euroclear Finland Ltd. This information includes only directly registered holdings, thus certain holdings 
of ordinary shares and American depositary receipt ("ADRs") held in nominee or brokerage accounts 
cannot be included. The list is therefore incomplete. 
As at the 30 April 2022, the Finnish State owned 50.8 per cent. of the Group's shares. The Finnish 
Parliament has authorised the Government to reduce the Finnish State's holding in the Group to no less 
than 50.1 per cent. of the share capital and voting rights. Representatives of the Finnish State are 
required to observe certain guidelines in connection with the exercise of the Finnish State's rights as 
shareholder and the Finnish State's internal decision-making relating to the administration of its 
ownership interests in state-controlled entities. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no 
arrangements known to the Issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change 
of control of the Issuer. At the end of April 2022, the proportion of nominee registrations and direct 
foreign shareholders was 27.9 per cent., Finnish households 11.5 per cent., financial and insurance 
corporations 1.5 per cent. and other Finnish investors 8.3 per cent. 
Board of Directors 
In the 2022 Annual General Meeting, the following persons were elected to the Board of Directors. The 
Board of Directors has been elected until the end of the following Annual General Meeting. 
VELI-MATTI REINIKKALA 
Chair 
Born 1957, nationality: Finnish

--- Page 117 ---
114 
 
 
Executive Master of Business Administration 
Independent member of Fortum's Board of Directors since 2016  
Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
Fortum shareholding 31 Dec 2021: 5,000 
Main occupation: Non-executive Director  
Primary work experience: President of Region Europe in 2015 and Member of the Group Executive 
Committee of ABB Group in 2006–2015, President of the Process Automation division in 2006–2014, 
Head of Business Area Process Automation in 2005; Manager of Automation Technologies Division at 
ABB China 2003–2004; Business Area Manager of ABB Drives & Power Electronics 2002; Manager 
at ABB Drives 1996–2002; CFO of ABB Industry Oy 1994–1996; various positions in paper and 
packaging companies in Finland before 1994 
Key positions of trust: Chairman of the Board of Glaston Corporation 
ANJA MCALISTER 
Deputy Chair 
Born 1960, nationality: Finnish 
M.Sc., Energy technology, MBA 
Independent member of Fortum's Board of Directors since 2017  
Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
Fortum shareholding 31 Dec 2021: 0 
Main occupation: Independent consultant  
Primary work experience: Executive Vice President, Head of Strategy, Transformation, and HR of 
Pöyry PLC in 2017 and President of Energy Business Group in 2015–2017; Vice President at Pöyry 
Management Consulting Oy 2014–2015; Managing Director of Renewa Oy 2013; Senior Vice 
president, Head of Energy Business at UPM Group 2004–2013; Senior Vice President, Head of the 
Management Consulting Northern Europe of Electrowatt-Ekono Oy (part of the Pöyry Group) 2000–
2004; Industrial Counsellor, Head of Energy Policy and Analyses team of Ministry of Trade and 
Industry, Finland 1998–2000; Operations Manager and Managing Director  of Kymppivoima Oy 1995–
1998; Senior Consultant at Energia-Ekono Oy 1993–1995; Technical Manager at Sheffield Heat and 
Power Ltd., UK 1990–1993; Operations Manager of MW biomass CHP plant of City of Kuopio, Finland 
1984–1989 
RALF CHRISTIAN 
Born 1964, nationality: German 
M.Sc., Industrial Engineering & Computer Science (Dipl. Wirtsch.Ing./OR-Informatik) 
Independent member of Fortum's Board of Directors since 28 March 2022 
Member of the Audit and Risk Committee

--- Page 118 ---
115 
 
 
Fortum shareholding on 28 March 2022: 0 
Main occupation: Non-executive Director 
Primary work experience: Chief Executive Officer of Siemens Energy Management Division 
2015−2019, Chief Executive Officer of Siemens Low and Medium Voltage 2011−2014, Chief 
Executive Officer of Siemens Power Distribution 2008−2011, Chief Executive Officer of Siemens High 
Voltage Business 2004−2008, Several positions in Automation & Drives and Corporate Strategy and 
Research 1989−1998; General Manager, Low Voltage Products & Systems of GE Industrial, Barcelona, 
Spain 2001−2004, General Manager of GE Procond Electronics, Belluno, Italy 1999−2001, General 
Manager, Global Development Function of GE Industrial, Barcelona 1998−1999 
LUISA DELGADO 
Born 1966, nationality: Portuguese and Swiss 
LL.M., King’s College, University of London, UK; LL.B., University of Geneva, Switzerland 
Independent member of Fortum's Board of Directors since 2021 
Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
Fortum shareholding 31 Dec 2021: 0 
Main occupation: Board professional 
Primary working experience: CEO and Board Member of Safilo SpA 2013–2018; Executive Board 
Member and Chief Human Resources Officer of SAP AG 2012–2013; Vice President, Nordic, Procter 
& Gamble GmbH 2007–2012; Vice President, Human Resources, Western Europe, Procter & Gamble 
GmbH 2006–2007; General Manager, Human Resources, Western Europe, Procter & Gamble GmbH 
2003–2006; Head of Human Resources, Western Europe, Procter & Gamble GmbH 2000–2003; EMEA 
Human Resources Specialist, Organisation Design, EU Labor, Diversity, Employee Communications 
1997–1999; Division Human Resources Manager, UK Fabric/Home, Baby/Feminine and Food 1995–
1997; Country Human Resources and Public Affairs & Communications Manager, Procter & Gamble 
ortugal 1993–1995; Recruitment, Training & Development, Plant Human Resources & Country Human 
Resources Manager, Procter & Gamble Portugal 1991–1993 
Positions of trust: Member of the Boards of Barclays Bank (Suisse), Zertus GmbH., Ingka Holding BV 
(IKEA), Telia AB, and Grupo Dia 
ESSIMARI KAIRISTO 
Born 1966, nationality: Finnish and German  
Diploma in Business Administration (Germany) 
Independent member of Fortum's Board of Directors since 2018  
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee 
Fortum shareholding 31 Dec 2021: 0 
Main occupation: Independent consultant

--- Page 119 ---
116 
 
 
Primary work experience: Member of the Executive Board/CFO in 2013–2016 at Hochtief Solutions 
AG; General Manager Finance/CFO of Sasol O&S Group International 2008–2013; Managing Director 
and CFO of Sasol Germany GmbH 2007–2013; Managing Director/CFO of Lahmeyer International 
GmbH 2004–2007; Head of Special Purpose Controlling of RWE Solutions AG 2003–2004; Head of 
Commercial Services Infrastructure Management of RWE Solutions AG & RWE Industrie-Lösungen 
GmbH 2002–2003; several management positions in Germany, Norway and US at Schlumberger 1995–
2001 
Key positions of trust: Member of the Supervisory Board, the Board of Partners, and the Audit 
Committee of Freudenberg Group; Member of the Supervisory Board, Chair of the Audit, Risk and 
Compliance Committee, and Member of the Strategic Investment Committee of TenneT Holding B.V.; 
Independent Member of the Board of Directors and Member of the Audit Committee of Applus Services 
SA; Non-executive Independent Member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Audit Committee 
of Iveco Group N.V. 
TEPPO PAAVOLA 
Born 1967, nationality: Finnish 
M.Sc.(Econ.), HSE; MBA, INSEAD 
Independent member of Fortum's Board of Directors since 2020 
Member of the Audit and risk Committee 
Fortum shareholding 31 Dec 2021: 0 
Main occupation: Adecco Group, Chief Digital Officer 
Primary working experience: BBVA Group, Chief Development Officer, General Manager of New 
Digital Businesses 2014–2018; Paypal, VP, Head of Global Business Development, M&A and 
Developer Relations 2012–2014; Nokia Corporation, General Manager at Mobile Financial Services 
2009–2012, Head of Corporate Business Development 2008–2009, Head of Strategy and Business 
Development at Nokia Research Center 2004–2007; Oplayo, CEO 2002–2004; Printing Network Of 
Europe, CEO/Founder 2000–2002; General Electric/GE Capital, Managing Director of Equipment 
Finance 1998–1999 and M&A and Business Development Manager 1996–1997 
Key positions of trust: Member of the Board of 3 Step IT 
PHILIPP RÖSLER 
Born 1973, nationality: German 
Ph.D., M. Med 
Independent member of Fortum's Board of Directors since 2019 
Member of the Audit and Risk Committee 
Fortum shareholding 31 Dec 2021: 0 
Main occupation: Consessor AG, CEO

--- Page 120 ---
117 
 
 
Primary work experience: Hainan Cihang Charity Foundation, Managing Director; World Economic 
Forum, Managing Director & Member of the Managing Board 2014–2017; Federal Ministry 
(Bundesministerium) of Economics and Technology, Deputy Federal Chancellor and Federal Minister 
2011–2013; Federal Ministry (Bundesministerium) of Health, Federal Minister of Health  
Key positions of trust: Member of the Supervisory Board of Laboratoire X.O., Siemens Healthineers, 
Jacobs University Bremen gGmbH, and Brainloop AG; Member of the Board of trustees of Bertelsmann 
Stiftung; Independent Director of the Board of the Loc Troi Group; Vice-Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Long Anh Province Energy Company; Independent Director at Special Purpose 
Acquisition Company 
ANNETTE STUBE 
Born 1967, nationality: Danish 
Master's degree in psychology, specialised in organisational development; Copenhagen Business 
School, Executive Board Education 
Independent member of Fortum's Board of Directors since 23 April 2020  
Member of the Audit and Risk Committee 
Fortum shareholding 31 Dec 2021: 0 
Main occupation: Stora Enso Oyj, EVP, Head of Sustainability  
Primary working experience: Head of Sustainability of A.P. Moller – Maersk 2008-2020; Director, 
Sustainability Programmes, Corporate Branding & Responsibility of Novo Nordisk 2007–2008, 
Advisor, Corporate Responsibility 1998–2007 and Human Resource Consultant, Health Care Business 
1997–1998; Manager of a psychological crisis intervention team and for a Scandinavian team of 200 
"flying" doctors and nurses, Supply chain Manager in Eastern Europe and Africa at SOS-International 
1995–1997 
Key positions of trust: Adjunct Professor at Copenhagen Business School; Social Impact Fellow at Haas 
School of Business, Univ. of California, Berkeley 
KIMMO VIERTOLA 
Born 1961, Finnish citizen 
M.Sc. Business; International Marketing 
Independent of the Company but non-independent of the company’s significant shareholder, member 
since 28 March 2022 
Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
Fortum shareholding on 28 March 2022: 0 
Main occupation: Director General, Finnish Ownership Steering Department at the Prime Minister’s 
Office

--- Page 121 ---
118 
 
 
Primary work experience: Senior Ministerial Advisor, Financial Affairs of Finnish Ownership Steering 
Department at the Prime Minister’s Office Jan 2018−Oct 2018; Director at Finnish Industry Investment 
Ltd 1998−2017; Director at Price Waterhouse 1995–1998 , Manager at Skopbank Group 1978–1994 
Key positions of trust: Chair of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board of Neste Plc; Member of the 
Nomination Committee of SSAB AB (Publ.); Board member and member of the Remuneration 
Committee of Municipality Finance Plc 
Absence of Conflicts of Interest 
There is no existing or potential conflict of interest between the directors' or other committee members' 
duties to the Group and/or their private interests or other duties save that Member of the Board of 
Directors, Kimmo Viertola, as Director General, Finnish Ownership Steering Department at the Prime 
Minister’s Office, is non-independent of the Issuer’s significant shareholder, the Republic of Finland.

--- Page 122 ---
119 
 
 
TAXATION 
Finnish Taxation 
The comments below are of a general nature based on the Issuer's understanding of current law and 
practice in Finland, and do not purport to provide a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating 
to the Notes, whether in Finland or elsewhere. The comments relate only to the position of persons who 
are the absolute beneficial owners of the Notes, Coupons and Talons and who are not resident in Finland 
for tax purposes. They relate only to payments made by the Issuer and may not apply to certain classes 
of person such as dealers. Prospective holders of the Notes who are not resident in Finland for tax 
purposes and are in any doubt as to their personal tax position or who may be subject to tax in any other 
jurisdiction should consult their professional advisers. This summary is based upon the law as in effect 
on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such 
date. It should be noted that the tax laws of Finland may be amended with retrospective application. 
Taxation of Notes 
Under present Finnish domestic tax law payments in respect of the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons 
will be exempt from all taxes, duties, fees and imports of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or 
within the Republic of Finland or by any municipality or other political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein, except such taxation the holder of the Note, Coupon or Talon to which any such 
payments relates is subject to thereon by reason of such holder being connected with the Republic of 
Finland otherwise than solely by his holding of such Note, Coupon or Talon or the receipt of income 
therefrom. 
Finnish Capital Gains Taxes 
Holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons who are not resident in Finland for tax purposes and who do not 
engage in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in Finland 
to which their investment in the Notes is effectively connected will not be subject to Finnish taxes or 
duties on gains realised on the sale or redemption of the Notes, Coupons and Talons. 
The proposed financial transactions tax  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals (the "Commission's proposal") for 
a Directive for a common financial transaction tax ("FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  
Under the Commission's proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
member state. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating 
member state in a broad range of circumstances, including (i) by transacting with a person established 
in a participating member state or (ii) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional

--- Page 123 ---
120 
 
 
EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their 
own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a "foreign financial institution"(as defined in FATCA), may be required to withhold on certain 
payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions (including The Republic of Finland) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as 
currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required 
to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application 
of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as 
the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding 
would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining 
"foreign passthru payment" and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that 
is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed 
with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional Notes (as described under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes 
are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration 
of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own 
tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 124 ---
121 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Nordea Bank Abp and 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (the "Dealers"). The arrangements under which Notes may 
from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer 
Agreement dated 22 June 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the 
Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of 
the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions 
or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The 
Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the programme will be required 
to agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as 
part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the 
distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
If the applicable Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area.  
(a) 
For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one 
(or more) of the following:

--- Page 125 ---
122 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of EU Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member 
State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
the EU Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors: If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that

--- Page 126 ---
123 
 
 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not 
include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the 
United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes does not 
include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the 
United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe

--- Page 127 ---
124 
 
 
for the Notes and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does 
not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA "). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to 
sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, and agree that an offering of Notes 
may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of 
Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian

--- Page 128 ---
125 
 
 
Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree 
that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate 
or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person 
in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and undertake that it has complied and will comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations in force in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it

--- Page 129 ---
126 
 
 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into 
whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers 
to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of 
change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, 
no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the 
paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus or in a Drawdown 
Prospectus.

--- Page 130 ---
127 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the 
official list and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer passed on 18 June 2003. The update of the Programme was approved by a decision of the 
authorised signatories (acting under the authorisation of a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer passed on 17 December 2021, and contained in the decision letter dated 1 June 2022. The Issuer 
has obtained, or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation to 
the Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms 
shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together 
with any further appropriate information. 
Clearing Systems 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L1855 
Luxembourg. The address of any alternative clearing system(s) will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in the paragraphs entitled "Litigation" on page 112 of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer 
is not or has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months 
before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant 
effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
No significant change and no material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021, nor 
has there been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which has occurred since 31 March 2022.

--- Page 131 ---
128 
 
 
Statutory Auditors 
Deloitte Oy, members of the Finnish Institute of Authorised Public Accountants, have audited the 
accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the accounts for the year ended 
31 December 2020. The 2021 and the 2020 accounts have been prepared under IFRS. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the documents listed below may be inspected during normal 
business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent and the Luxembourg Listing Agent and in 
the case of (d) below in electronic form on the Issuer’s website at: www.fortum.com: 
(a) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement (which contains the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
(c) 
any future base prospectuses, offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, 
supplements and Final Terms (save that the Final Terms relating to a Note which is not offered 
in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a Holder of such Note and such 
Holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding 
of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or 
therein by reference; and 
(d) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer. 
In addition, the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement, this Base Prospectus is, and in the case of 
Notes to be listed on the official list of Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the relevant Final Terms will be available on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Conditions for determining price  
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contract outside of the ordinary course of business which 
could result in it or any Group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer's ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may 
include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant 
Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates 
have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche.

--- Page 132 ---
129 
 
 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication 
of future yield. 
Dealers' Activities 
In the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of 
short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 635400IUIZZIUJSAMF76. 
Issuer website 
The Issuer's website is www.fortum.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Validity of Base Prospectus and supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after 
the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 133 ---
130 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Fortum Oyj 
Keilalahdentie 2-4 (CD building) 
Espoo 
Finland 
ARRANGER 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29  
Ireland 
 Citigroup Global Markets Limited  
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungträdgårdsgatan 8 
106 40 Stockholm 
Sweden

--- Page 134 ---
131 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Agency and Trust 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
5th Floor 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law: 
To the Issuer as to Finnish law: 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
Roschier, Attorneys Ltd. 
Keskuskatu 7A 
00100 Helsinki 
Finland 
To the Dealers as to English law: 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
LISTING AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND 
TRANSFER AGENT 
Deloitte Oy 
PO Box 122 (Salmisaarenaukio 2) 
FIN-00180 
Helsinki 
Finland 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg 
69, Route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg