--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
May 17, 2022 
This document constitutes the base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of June 14, 2017 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation) in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the Non-Equity Securities) of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (the Prospectus). 
 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
(Hof an der Saale, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
EUR 10,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Program 
(the Program) 
Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. (the Guarantor), unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the due payment of interest and principal and 
additional amounts, if any, for the Notes (as defined below) (the Guarantee). This Guarantee provides for a release mechanism in certain circum-
stances as further described in the Guarantee. 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (Luxem-
bourg) in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an en-
dorsement of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor or of the quality of 
the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application has been made to list the notes issued under the Program (the Notes) on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg) and to admit the Notes to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 15, 2014 
on markets in financial instruments, as amended (MiFID II). However, Notes may also be issued under the Program which are listed on a stock 
exchange other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or which are not listed on any stock exchange. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg law relating to 
prospectuses for securities dated July 16, 2019, as amended (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise 
en œuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129) (the Prospectus Act) to provide the competent authorities in the Federal Republic of Germany (Germany) 
with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (a Notification). The 
Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional member states within the European Economic Area (the EEA) with a 
Notification. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should refer to the Risk Factors disclosed on pages 12 et seq. of the Prospectus. 
The Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) together with all supple-
ments thereto and all documents incorporated by reference. It is valid for a period of twelve months from its date of approval. The validity ends 
upon expiration of May 17, 2023. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers  
Barclays 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Société Générale Corporate  
& Investment Banking

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (the Issuer and, together with its consolidated group companies, the Group, 
also referred to as we, us or our), with its registered seat (Sitz) in Hof an der Saale, Germany, and its registered office 
in Bad Homburg v. d. H., Germany, and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information given in the Prospectus 
and for the information which will be contained in the Final Terms (as defined below). 
The Issuer and the Guarantor hereby declare that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, 
the information contained in the Prospectus for which they are responsible is, to the best of their knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
By approving the Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
transactions under the Program and the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of 
the Prospectus Act. 
NOTICE 
The Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other docu-
ments incorporated herein by reference and, in relation to any series of Notes (each a Series of Notes), together with 
the relevant final terms (the Final Terms). Full information on the Issuer and any Series of Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of this Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that the Prospectus contains all information with regard to 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Notes which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the 
assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes 
which is material in the context of the Program; that the information contained herein with respect to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Notes is accurate and complete in all material respects and is not misleading; that the opinions and 
intentions expressed herein are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts with 
respect to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Notes, the omission of which would make the Prospectus as a whole or any 
of such information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading in any material respect and that the 
Issuer has made all reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material for the purposes aforesaid. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement the Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Pro-
spectus Regulation or publish a new prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in the Prospectus in respect of Notes issued on the basis of the Pro-
spectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when the Pro-
spectus has been approved and the closing of the offer period for any Series of Notes or the time when trading of any 
Series of Notes on a regulated market begins in respect of Notes issued on the basis of the Prospectus, whichever 
occurs later. 
No person has been authorized to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with the Prospectus 
or any other document entered into in relation to the Program or any information supplied by the Issuer or the Guar-
antor or any other information in the public domain and, if given or made, such information must not be relied upon 
as having been authorized by the Issuer, the Guarantor the Dealers or any of them. 
To the extent permitted by law, neither the Arranger (as defined herein) nor any Dealer nor any other person men-
tioned in the Prospectus, excluding the Issuer and the Guarantor, is responsible for the information contained in the 
Prospectus or any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms or any document incorporated herein by reference, and

--- Page 3 ---
3 
accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any 
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. 
The Prospectus is valid for twelve months following the date of its approval and the Prospectus and any supplement 
hereto as well as any Final Terms reflects the status as of their respective dates of issue. The delivery of the Prospec-
tus, any supplement thereto, or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not be taken as 
an implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their re-
spective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since such 
date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Program is accurate at any time subsequent to 
the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of the Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain jurisdic-
tions may be restricted by law. Persons in possession of the Prospectus or any Final Terms are required to inform 
themselves about and observe any such restrictions. For a description of the restrictions applicable in the United States 
of America (the United States or U.S.), the EEA, the United Kingdom (the UK), Japan, Canada, Singapore and Switzer-
land, see "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE – Selling Restrictions". In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be regis-
tered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and include notes in bearer form that are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or to U.S. persons. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommend-
ing the Notes (each a Distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 of April 7, 2016 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Gov-
ernance Rules. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is a manufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recom-
mending the Notes (a UK Distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK 
Distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Product Intervention and Product Govern-
ance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market as-
sessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining ap-
propriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Gov-
ernance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is a manufacturer or UK Distributor for the 
purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
CANADA INVESTORS – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal 
that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31- 103 Registration Re-
quirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with 
an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Secu-
rities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or 
damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the reme-
dies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legisla-
tion of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities 
legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant 
to Section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, 
Section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33- 105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply 
with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offer-
ing. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled 
"PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Arti-
cle 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of January 20, 2016 on insurance distribution (recast) (as amended), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation. If the above mentioned legend is included in the relevant Final Terms, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 26, 
2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs), as 
amended (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
"PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. If the above mentioned legend is included in the relevant Final Terms, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail inves-
tors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE (THE SFA) – 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Program 
shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Reg-
ulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).

--- Page 5 ---
5 
The language of the Prospectus is English. Any part of the Prospectus in the German language constitutes a transla-
tion, except that (i) in respect of the issue of any Series of Notes under the Program, the German text of the terms 
and conditions of the Notes set forth below (the Terms and Conditions) may be controlling and binding if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, (ii) in respect of the German law governed Guarantee (including the negative pledge 
contained therein), the German language version is always controlling and binding, and (iii) the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer which are incorporated by reference into the Prospectus are in German. 
The information on any websites included in the Prospectus, except for the website of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change (www.bourse.lu) in the context of the documents incorporated by reference, does not form part of the Pro-
spectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF. 
The Prospectus and any supplement hereto may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes issued under 
the Program is entitled to use the Prospectus as set out in "Consent to the Use of the Prospectus" below. 
Neither the Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in 
any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make 
such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither the Prospectus, nor any supplement thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY SERIES OF NOTES UNDER THE PROGRAM, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) 
NAMED AS STABILIZING MANAGER(S) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF A 
STABILIZING MANAGER(S)) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE 
PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILIZATION 
MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILIZATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH 
ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT SERIES OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF 
BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE 
OF THE RELEVANT SERIES OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT SERIES OF 
NOTES. ANY STABILIZATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILIZING 
MANAGER(S) (OR PERSON(S) ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILIZING MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
ANY U.S. PERSON WHO HOLDS AN OBLIGATION UNDER THIS PROGRAM THAT IS TREATED AS IN BEARER FORM FOR 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE U.S. INCOME TAX LAWS, 
INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN CLAUSES 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
OF 1986, AS AMENDED. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION – The Final Terms in respect of any of the Notes offered on the basis of the Prospectus 
may specify that interest amounts payable under floating rate Notes are calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (EURIBOR), which as at the date of the Prospectus is provided by the European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI), the Euro short term rate (€STR), which is currently provided by the European Central Bank (ECB), or the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (Fed-
eral Reserve). 
Given that the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 8, 2016 on indices 
used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment

--- Page 6 ---
6 
funds, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation) does not apply to central banks and that the €STR and SOFR are 
administered by the ECB and the Federal Reserve, respectively, €STR and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation as of the date of this Prospectus. 
As at the date of the Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Reg-
ulation.  
CURRENCIES – In the Prospectus, all references to €, EUR or euro are to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of the European economic and monetary union, and defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 
974/98 of May 3, 1998, on the introduction of the euro, as amended. All references to $, US$ or USD are to the US 
dollar, the official currency of the United States. 
RATING – A Series of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating and the respective 
rating agency will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
MARKET DATA – To the extent not otherwise indicated, the information contained in the Prospectus on the market 
environment, market developments, growth rates, market trends and competition in the markets in which the Issuer 
and the Guarantor operate is taken either (i) from publicly available sources, including, but not limited to, third-party 
studies, or (ii) from the Issuer's own estimates prepared using the Issuer's Market & Competitor Survey (MCS) which 
has been developed to obtain and manage information on the status and development of global, regional and national 
dialysis markets. The Issuer uses the MCS as a tool to collect, analyze and communicate current and essential infor-
mation on the dialysis market, developing trends, the Group's market position and those of its competitors (please 
see "Business of the Group – Major Markets and Competitive Position"). The information from third-party sources 
that is cited here has been reproduced accurately. As far as the Issuer and the Guarantor are aware and are able to 
ascertain from information published by such third-party sources, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information published inaccurate or misleading. 
The Prospectus also contains estimates of market data and information derived from these estimates that would not be 
available from publications issued by market research firms or from any other independent sources. This information is 
based on the Issuer's internal estimates and, as such, may differ from the estimates made by the Issuer's competitors or 
from data collected in the future by market research firms or other independent sources. To the extent the Issuer derived 
or summarized the market information contained in the Prospectus from a number of different studies, an individual 
study is not cited unless the respective information can be taken from it directly. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor have independently verified the market data and other information on which 
third parties have based their studies or the external sources on which the Issuer's own estimates are based. There-
fore, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor assume any responsibility for the accuracy of the information on the market 
environment, market developments, growth rates, market trends and competitive situation presented in the Pro-
spectus from third-party studies or the accuracy of the information on which the Issuer's own estimates are based. 
Any statements regarding the market environment, market developments, growth rates, market trends and compet-
itive situation presented in the Prospectus regarding the Group and its operating divisions contained in the Prospectus 
are based on the Issuer's own estimates and/or analysis unless other sources are specified. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
The Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does not 
relate to historical facts and events. They are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet

--- Page 7 ---
7 
determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as 
"outlook", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "seek", 
"will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in 
the Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the Group's business 
and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that 
affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in the Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer makes 
to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other 
factors which could cause actual results, including the Group's financial condition and results of operations, to differ 
materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been suggested or described in these 
forward-looking statements. The Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could 
cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in the Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, in-
vestors are strongly advised to read the sections "RISK FACTORS", "GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER", 
"GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE GUARANTOR" and "BUSINESS OF THE GROUP" in the Prospectus. These sections 
include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Group's business and the markets in 
which it operates.  
In light of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions contained therein, future events described in the Prospectus may 
not occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update 
any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Prospectus contains certain alternative performance measures, as defined in the guidelines issued by ESMA con-
cerning the presentation of alternative performance measures disclosed in regulated information and prospectuses 
published as from July 3, 2016, which are not recognized financial measures under the International Financial Report-
ing Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS) or any other generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). 
These alternative performance measures (Non-GAAP Measures) may not be comparable to similarly titled measures 
of other companies. The Non-GAAP-Measures include: operating income margin; capital expenditures; capital ex-
penditures, net; net cash provided by (used in) operating activities in % of revenue; free cash flow; free cash flow in 
% of revenue; adjusted EBITDA; net debt; and net leverage ratio. Such Non-GAAP Measures must be considered only 
in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS in-
cluded elsewhere or incorporated by reference in the Prospectus. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance 
on these Non-GAAP Measures and are also advised to review them in conjunction with the consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer including the related notes thereto, incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM .................................................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................................ 12 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................................................. 42 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 43 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE GUARANTOR ........................................................................................................... 62 
BUSINESS OF THE GROUP .............................................................................................................................................. 67 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................................................... 85 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................................... 226 
GUARANTEE................................................................................................................................................................. 255 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................................... 266 
TAXATION WARNING .................................................................................................................................................. 267 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................................ 268 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................................. 277 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................................ 280 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES ............................................................................................................................................. 283

--- Page 9 ---
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM 
Under this EUR 10,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Program, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes with a 
minimum denomination of at least EUR 1,000 (or near equivalent in another currency on the issue date) to one 
or more of the Dealers (as defined herein). The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes from time to 
time outstanding under the Program (the Program Amount) will not exceed EUR 10,000,000,000 (or nearly 
equivalent in another currency). The Issuer may increase the Program Amount in accordance with the terms of 
the Dealer Agreement (as defined below) from time to time. 
Notes will be issued in Series of Notes having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series of Notes being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series of Notes. Each Series of Notes may be issued in tranches 
(each a Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be com-
pleted, where necessary, with the relevant Terms and Conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue 
price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series of Notes) will be completed in the Final Terms. 
The specific terms of each Series of Notes will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms of the 
Notes listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change or publicly offered in Luxembourg will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). In the case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange or publicly offered in one or more 
member states of the EEA other than Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Issuer 
(www.freseniusmedicalcare.com). 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, the Notes 
may be issued in euro or any other currency. The Notes are freely transferable and may be offered to qualified and 
non-qualified investors. The Notes will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price, which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis 
of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the respective 
Dealers during the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such 
yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates is calculated in accordance with the method of the International 
Capital Markets Association (ICMA) and based on the issue price of the Notes. The ICMA method determines 
the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Issue Procedures  
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Series of 
Notes (the Conditions). The Conditions will be constituted by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth be-
low, as further specified by the provisions of the Final Terms as set out below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide 
for the Issuer to choose among the following options (each an Option):

--- Page 10 ---
10 
– 
Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates (the Option I); and 
– 
Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates (the Option II). 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
– 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I 
or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the 
individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders 
of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated 
and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which 
will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Series of Notes. This type of 
documentation of the Conditions will be used where the Notes are publicly offered, in whole or in part, 
or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. 
– 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further 
options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by only referring to 
the specific sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. The Final Terms 
will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out 
in the Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a partic-
ular Series of Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in 
the Prospectus attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes. 
Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further options (charac-
terized by indicating the optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left 
of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus) 
as well as placeholders (characterized by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will be deter-
mined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the rele-
vant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the sections of the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not replicate or refer to an alternative or 
optional provision it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Con-
ditions will be completed. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, 
taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be 
completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the place-
holders of such provisions.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted 
from the Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
– 
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in Germany, or (ii) initially distributed, in 
whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in 
the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the 
controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal 
offices of the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer as specified on the back of the Prospectus. 
– 
In other cases, the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding whether to purchase any Notes, prospective investors should carefully review and consider the fol-
lowing risk factors and the other information contained in the Prospectus or incorporated by reference into the 
Prospectus. The occurrence of one or more of these risks alone or in combination with other circumstances may 
have a material adverse effect on the business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor and may affect the Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's ability to fulfill their respective obliga-
tions under the Notes and the Guarantee, as applicable. 
The following description is limited to risk factors which the Issuer and/or the Guarantor consider to be specific and 
material. The Issuer and/or the Guarantor describe only those risk factors they are currently aware of and which 
could impair their ability to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes and the Guarantee, as applicable. 
Investing in the Notes could involve additional risks and uncertainties of which the Issuer and/or the Guarantor may 
not be currently aware, or which the Issuer and/or the Guarantor may currently not consider material on the basis 
of their regular risk assessments. The risks to which the business of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor is exposed may 
result in inaccuracies in risk assessments or other forward-looking statements.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors and each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of the investment in light of its own circumstances and financial condition. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes and the Guarantee, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus or any applicable supplement to the Prospectus; 
 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and the impact the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the reference currency of the investor; 
 
understand thoroughly the Terms and Conditions and the Guarantee; and 
 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) possible scenarios that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks, including potential tax implications and risks. 
I. Risks Relating to the Issuer and the Group 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and the Group are presented in the following categories depending on their 
nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1. 
Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters 
2. 
Risks Relating to Internal Control and Compliance 
3. 
Risks Relating to Our Business Activities and Industry  
4. 
Risks Relating to Taxation and Accounting 
5. 
Risks Relating to Our Financial Condition and Our Securities

--- Page 13 ---
13 
1. Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters 
We operate in a highly regulated industry such that the potential for legislative reform provides uncertainty 
and potential threats to our operating models and results 
The delivery of health care services and products is highly regulated in most of the countries in which we oper-
ate. Proposals for legislative reform in these countries are often introduced to improve access to care, address 
quality of care issues and manage costs of the health care system. In the United States of America (the United 
States or U.S.), the Trump administration publicly announced its desire to pursue significant changes to existing 
health care programs. That administration's efforts to repeal or replace the Protection and Affordable Care Act 
of 2010 (Pub.L. 111-148), as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (Pub.L. 111-152) 
(collectively, ACA), were unsuccessful and the Biden administration has stated its intention to maintain and 
strengthen the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed lower court rulings that declared the 
ACA to be unconstitutional, holding that the states and other plaintiffs in the case did not have standing to 
challenge the law. If future efforts to limit or repeal the ACA are successful, such efforts could have significant 
effects on our businesses, both positive and negative, but the outcomes are impossible to predict. 
In October 2017, the Trump administration discontinued making cost-sharing reduction (CSR) reimbursements 
to insurers, arguing that Congress had failed to appropriate funding for them. In response, many state depart-
ments of insurance either allowed or required insurers to mitigate their losses by increasing the 2018 premiums 
on their ACA plans. Many insurers also mitigated the impact to themselves by "silver loading," a practice 
whereby the premiums for silver-level plans were increased to offset the loss of CSR payments. Silver loading 
may also have mitigated the impact of premium increases to some low-income consumers by increasing their 
premium tax credits. In 2019 and 2020, all states either permitted or required silver loading. In 2017, several 
insurers sued the U.S. federal government to reinstate CSR payments. On June 21, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court 
denied requests from multiple insurers to review lower court decisions that held they were not entitled to full 
unpaid CSR payments. As a result, insurers are entitled to the unpaid CSRs, but the total amount they are owed 
must be offset by any excess premium tax credits received from premium increases for 2018 and beyond. While 
the Biden administration is expected to reinstate CSR reimbursements and to limit states' access to waivers 
allowing silver-loading, we cannot predict the extent to which silver-loading will continue or how the ongoing 
litigation over the U.S. federal government’s obligation to pay the CSRs might be resolved. As a result, a reduc-
tion in the availability of insurance through insurance exchanges established by the ACA could reduce the num-
ber of our commercially insured patients and shift such patients to Medicare and Medicaid. Because Medicare 
and Medicaid reimbursement rates are generally lower than the reimbursement rates paid by commercial in-
surers, a shift of commercially insured patients to Medicare and Medicaid could have a material adverse impact 
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See "Changes in reimbursement, payor mix and/or 
governmental regulations for health care could materially de-crease our revenues and operating profit" below. 
Changes in reimbursement, payor mix and/or governmental regulations for health care could materially de-
crease our revenues and operating profit. 
We receive reimbursement for our health care services from both public, government-sponsored payors and 
private, commercial payors. A large portion of our businesses is reimbursed by government payors, in particular 
the Medicare and Medicaid program in the U.S. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, approx-
imately 27% and 32%, respectively, of our consolidated revenues resulted from Medicare and Medicaid reim-
bursement. The Medicare and Medicaid programs change their payment methodologies and funding from time 
to time in ways that are driven by changes in statute, economic conditions, and policy. For example, the Budget 
Control Act of 2011 (BCA) effected a 2% reduction to Medicare payments and subsequent activity in Congress, 
namely a USD 1.2 trillion sequester (across-the-board spending cuts) in discretionary programs, took effect on 
April 1, 2013, which continues in force. The 2% sequestration was temporarily suspended several times

--- Page 14 ---
14 
subsequent to May 1, 2020. In March 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (the 
American Rescue Plan Act) which the Congressional Budget Office has estimated will result in budget deficits 
that will require a 4% reduction in Medicare program payments for 2022 under the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act 
of 2010 (Statutory PAYGO) unless Congress and the President take action to waive the Statutory PAYGO reduc-
tions. In December 2021, Congress passed and President Biden signed into law the Protecting Medicare and 
American Farmers from Sequester Cuts Act impacting payments for all Medicare Fee-for-Service claims and up-
dated the sequestration suspension through March 31, 2022. Following this, a 1% reduction will become effec-
tive from April 1 to June 30, 2022 and the full 2% sequester will resume from July 1, 2022. Spending cuts pursuant 
to U.S. sequestration have adversely affected our operating results in the past and will continue to do so at such 
time as the suspension is lifted. In addition, options to restructure the Medicare program in the direction of a 
defined contribution, "premium support" model and to shift Medicaid funding to a block grant or per capita 
arrangement, with greater flexibility for the states, have been proposed or considered from time to time. 
Changes in payment methodologies and funding or payment requirements of (without limitation) the End-Stage 
Renal Disease (ESRD) Prospective Payment System (ESRD PPS), the Physician Fee Schedule, the Clinical Labora-
tory Fee Schedule, and the Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment System may have material effects on our oper-
ating results. We may also experience changes in the interpretation of government regulations by the courts. 
We have very little opportunity to influence or predict the magnitude of those changes.  
Our patients make decisions about their insurance coverage among options that, depending on their personal 
circumstances and location, may include Medicare, Medicaid and employer group health coverage, exchange 
plans and other commercial coverage. As of January 1, 2021, for the first time, all End Stage Kidney Disease 
(ESKD) patients are eligible to enroll in Medicare Advantage plans. As a result, some patients with commercial 
coverage, and other patients with Medicare coverage, may elect to move to Medicare Advantage plans. Gov-
ernment reimbursement programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, generally pay less than commercial insur-
ance, and Medicare Advantage plans generally pay less than other commercial plans. In addition, we may expe-
rience higher write-offs of Medicare deductibles and other cost-sharing amounts due to secondary uninsured 
and underinsured patients, resulting in an increase in uncollectible accounts. As a result, the payments we re-
ceive from private payors generate a substantial portion of the profits we report.  
Any of the following events, among others, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial 
condition and results of operations: 
 
we may be subject to reductions in reimbursement from private payors, including, for example, through 
their use of lower allowed charges rather than rates based on our billed charges; 
 
we may experience a reduction in our ability to obtain and retain commercially insured patients to utilize 
our health care services; 
 
efforts by private payors to continue to control the cost of and/or the eligibility for access to health care 
services, including relative to insurance products on and off the health care exchanges established by the 
ACA, may reduce reimbursement for our services or eliminate reimbursement for some of our services; 
 
a portion of our business that is currently reimbursed by private insurers or hospitals may become reim-
bursed by integrated care organizations, which may use payment methodologies that reduce reimburse-
ment for our services. There can be no assurance that we can achieve future price increases from private 
insurers and integrated care organizations offering private insurance coverage to our patients;  
 
if legislative or regulatory efforts or litigation to restrict or eliminate the charitable funding of patient 
insurance premiums are successful, our patients with coverage under publicly funded programs like Med-
icare may be unable to continue to pay the premiums for that coverage and may become uninsured for 
dialysis services. In addition, a portion of our patients who are currently covered by private insurers may 
be unable to continue to pay the premiums for that coverage and may become uninsured for dialysis

--- Page 15 ---
15 
services or may elect to transition to government funded reimbursement programs that reimburse us at 
lower rates for our services; or 
 
if we are unable to secure appropriate reimbursement arrangements for the pharmaceuticals we provide 
in our dialysis clinics, we could experience a material adverse effect on our operating results. An increased 
utilization of bundled pharmaceuticals, as part of the ESRD PPS, or decreases in reimbursement for phar-
maceuticals outside the bundled rate may result in a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
In addition to the foregoing factors, the health care insurance industry is experiencing continuing consolidation 
among insurers and pharmacy benefit managers, including increasing buyer power and impacts on referral 
streams. Such consolidation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to negotiate favorable coverage 
terms and reimbursement rates. 
If we do not comply with the numerous governmental regulations applicable to our business, we could suffer 
adverse legal consequences, including exclusion from government health care programs or termination of our 
authority to conduct business, any of which would result in a material decrease in our revenue; this regulatory 
environment also exposes us to claims and litigation, including "whistleblower" suits. 
Our operations in both our health care services business and our products business are subject to extensive 
governmental regulation in virtually every country in which we operate. We are also subject to other laws of 
general applicability, including antitrust laws. The applicable regulations, which differ from country to country, 
cover areas that include: 
 
regulatory approvals for products or product improvements; 
 
regulatory approvals and oversight of clinical and certain non-clinical research and development activi-
ties; 
 
the quality, safety and efficacy of medical and pharmaceutical products and supplies; 
 
the operation and licensure of manufacturing facilities, laboratories, dialysis clinics, ambulatory surgery 
centers and other health care facilities; 
 
product labeling, advertising and other promotion; 
 
accurate reporting and billing for government and third-party reimbursement, including accurate and 
complete medical records to support such billing and, in the U.S., the obligation to report and return 
overpayments within 60 days of the time that the overpayment is identified and quantified; 
 
the discounting of reimbursed drug and medical device products and the reporting of drug prices to gov-
ernment authorities; 
 
limits on our ability to make acquisitions or certain investments and the terms of those transactions; 
 
the collection, dissemination, access, use, security and privacy of protected health information or other 
protected data; and 
 
compensation of medical directors and other financial arrangements with physicians and other referral 
sources. 
Failure to comply with one or more of these laws or regulations may give rise to a number of adverse legal 
consequences. These include, in particular, loss or suspension of federal certifications, loss or suspension of 
licenses under the laws of any state or governmental authority from which we generate substantial revenues, 
monetary and administrative penalties, product recalls, increased costs for compliance with government orders, 
complete or partial exclusion from government reimbursement programs, refunds of payments received from 
government payors and government health care program beneficiaries due to failures to meet applicable

--- Page 16 ---
16 
requirements or complete or partial curtailment of our authority to conduct business. Any of these conse-
quences could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our medical devices and drug products are subject to detailed, rigorous and frequently changing regulation by 
numerous national, supranational, federal and state authorities. In addition, our facilities and procedures and 
those of our suppliers are subject to periodic inspection by various regulatory authorities which may suspend, 
revoke, or adversely amend the authority necessary for research, manufacture, marketing, or sale of our prod-
ucts and those of our suppliers. We and our suppliers must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure 
compliance with these complex regulations, and if such compliance is not maintained, they could be subject to 
significant adverse administrative and judicial enforcement actions in the future. These possible enforcement 
actions could include warning letters, injunctions, civil penalties, seizures of our products, and criminal prosecu-
tions as well as dissemination of information to the public about such enforcement actions. These actions could 
result in, among other things, substantial modifications to our business practices and operations; refunds; a total 
or partial shutdown of production while the alleged violation is remedied; and recalls, withdrawals or suspen-
sions of current products from the market. Any of these events, in combination or alone, could disrupt our busi-
ness and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We operate many facilities and engage with other business associates to help carry out our health care activities. 
In such a widespread, global system, it is often difficult to maintain the desired level of oversight and control 
over the thousands of individuals employed by many affiliated companies and their business associates. We rely 
on our management structure, regulatory and legal resources and the effective operation of our compliance 
programs to direct, manage and monitor our operations, including the activities of our employees and their 
agents, to comply with government regulations. We cannot assure that our internal control policies and proce-
dures will always protect us from intentional or inadvertent acts of our employees or agents that contravene 
our compliance policies or violate applicable laws. If employees were to deliberately, recklessly or inadvertently 
fail to adhere to these regulations, then our authority to conduct business could be terminated and our opera-
tions could be significantly curtailed. Any such terminations or reductions could materially reduce our revenues. 
If we fail to identify in our diligence process or to promptly remediate any non-compliant business practices in 
companies that we acquire, we could be subject to penalties, claims for repayment or other sanctions. Any such 
terminations or reductions could materially reduce our revenues, with a resulting material adverse impact on 
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
By virtue of this regulatory environment, our business activities and practices are subject to extensive review by 
regulatory authorities and private parties, and continuing audits, subpoenas, other inquiries, claims and litiga-
tion relating to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. We may not always be aware that an in-
quiry or action has begun, particularly in the case of "qui tam” or "whistleblower” actions brought by private 
plaintiffs under the False Claims Act, which are initially filed under seal. We are the subject of a number of 
governmental inquiries and civil suits by the federal government and private plaintiffs.  
In addition, future legislative or regulatory changes could affect procedures or decision making for approving 
medical device or drug products. Any such legislation or regulations, if enacted or promulgated, could result in 
a delay or denial of regulatory approval for our products. If any of our products do not receive regulatory ap-
proval, or there is a delay in obtaining approval, this also could have a material adverse impact on our business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Cyber-attacks or other privacy and data security incidents could disrupt our business and expose us to signifi-
cant losses, liability and reputational damage. 
We and our third-party service providers routinely process, store and transmit large amounts of data in our 
operations, including sensitive personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating

--- Page 17 ---
17 
to our business or third parties. We may be subject to breaches of the information technology security systems 
we use both internally and externally with third-party service providers.  
Cyber-attacks may penetrate our and our third-party service providers' security controls and result in the mis-
appropriation or compromise of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information, in-
cluding such information which is stored or transmitted on the systems used by certain of our or their products, 
to create system disruptions, cause shutdowns (including disruptions to our production plants), or deploy vi-
ruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our systems. We and our third-party service 
providers handle the personal information of our patients and beneficiaries, Patient Personal Data (PPD), 
throughout the U.S. and other parts of the world. We or our business associates may experience a breach under 
the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act Privacy and Security Rules, the EU's General Data 
Protection Regulation and or other similar laws (Data Protection Laws), including the following events:  
 
impermissible use, access, or disclosure of unsecured PPD, 
 
a breach under Data Protection Laws when we or our business associates neglect to implement the re-
quired administrative, technical and physical safeguards of its electronic systems and devices, or 
 
a data breach that results in impermissible use, access or disclosure of personal identifying information 
of our employees, patients and beneficiaries. 
Our IT systems have been attacked in the past, resulting, in one case, in certain patient data being illegally pub-
lished. When appropriate, we have filed complaints against the unknown attackers with the relevant authorities 
and we contacted the patients who were affected by the illegal data publication as well as other relevant regu-
latory agencies and stakeholders. While there has not been any material impact to our financial condition and 
results of operations as a result of these attacks, future cyber-attacks against our IT systems may result in a loss 
of financial data or interruptions of our operations that could have a material adverse impact on our business, 
financial condition and results of operations in the future.  
As we increase the amount of sensitive personal information or financial data that we store and share digitally, 
our exposure to these privacy and data breaches and cyber-attack risks increases, including the risk of unde-
tected attacks, damage, loss or unauthorized disclosure or access, and the cost of attempting to protect against 
these risks also increases. Increased reliance on, and utilization of, telemedicine for delivery of health care ser-
vices could also increase this risk and, in this regard, the 2022 Physician Fee Schedule issued by the Centers for 
Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) has extended coverage of certain Medicare telehealth services through 
calendar year 2023. In addition, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022, an omnibus funding bill signed by 
President Biden on March 15, 2022, temporarily extends certain Medicare telehealth flexibilities, which are cen-
tral to enabling Medicare beneficiaries' access to a broad range of services via telehealth from any location, for 
151 days beginning on the first day after the end of the "public health emergency" period established for 
COVID-19. There are no assurances that our security technologies, processes and procedures that we or our 
outside service providers have implemented to protect sensitive personal information and proprietary or confi-
dential information and to build security into the design of our products will be effective. Any failure to keep our 
information technology systems, financial data and our patients’ and customers' sensitive information secure 
from attack, damage, loss or unauthorized disclosure or access, whether as a result of our action or inaction or 
that of our third-party business associates or vendors that utilize and store such personal information on our 
behalf, could materially adversely affect our reputation and ability to continue normal operations, expose us to 
mandatory public disclosure requirements, litigation and governmental enforcement proceedings, material 
fines, penalties and/or remediation costs, and compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages, consent 
orders and other adverse actions, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial 
condition and results of operations.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
If certain of our investments or value and risk-based care programs with health care organizations and health 
care providers violate the law, our business could be adversely affected. 
A number of the dialysis clinics and health care centers that we operate are owned, or managed, by entities in 
which one or more hospitals, physicians or physician practice groups hold an interest. Physician owners, who 
are usually nephrologists, may also provide medical director services and physician owners may refer patients 
to those centers or other centers we own and operate or to other physicians who refer patients to those centers 
or other centers we own and operate. We also have arrangements with physician practices to collaborate on 
our value and risk-based care programs with public and private payors. In the past, certain parties have at-
tempted to utilize our disclosure of these arrangements as the basis for qui tam proceedings under the U.S. 
federal Medicare and Medicaid Fraud and Abuse Amendments of 1977, as amended (the Anti-Kickback Statute) 
and the federal Physician Self-Referral Law (the Stark Act). Such attempts have not been successful to date. 
Because our relationships with physicians are governed by the federal and state anti-kickback statutes and other 
state fraud and abuse laws, we have structured our arrangements to comply with many of the criteria for safe 
harbor protection and waivers under the Anti-Kickback Statute; however, these arrangements do not satisfy all 
elements of applicable safe harbors. While we have established comprehensive compliance policies, procedures 
and programs to ensure ethical and compliant business operations, if one or more of our arrangements, includ-
ing value and risk-based care programs, were found to be in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark 
Law, analogous state laws, or other similar laws worldwide, we could be required to restructure or terminate 
them. We could also be required to repay to Medicare, Medicaid as well as other federal health care program 
amounts pursuant to any prohibited referrals, and we could be subject to criminal and monetary penalties and 
exclusion from federal and state health care programs. Imposition of any of these penalties could have a material 
adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
We are exposed to product liability, patent infringement and other claims which could result in significant 
costs and liability which we may not be able to insure on acceptable terms in the future. 
Health care companies are typically subject to claims alleging negligence, product liability, breach of warranty, 
malpractice and other legal theories that may involve large claims and significant defense costs whether or not 
liability is ultimately imposed. Health care products may also be subject to recalls and patent infringement claims 
which, in addition to monetary penalties, may restrict our ability to sell or use our products. We cannot assure 
that such claims will not be asserted against us, or, for example, that significant adverse verdicts will not be 
reached against us for patent infringements or that large scale recalls of our products will not become necessary. 
In addition, the laws of some of the countries in which we operate provide legal rights to users of pharmaceutical 
products that could increase the risk of product liability claims. Product liability and patent infringement claims, 
other actions for negligence or breach of contract and product recalls or related sanctions could result in signif-
icant costs. These costs could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of 
operations.  
While we have been able to obtain liability insurance in the past to partially cover our business risks, we cannot 
assure that such insurance will be available in the future either on acceptable terms or at all, or that our insur-
ance carriers will not dispute their coverage obligations. In addition, the Guarantor, our largest subsidiary, is 
partially self-insured for professional, product and general liability, auto liability and worker's compensation 
claims, up to pre-determined levels above which our third-party insurance applies. A successful claim for which 
we are self-insured or in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage could have a material adverse impact on 
our business, financial condition and results of operations. We and certain of our insurers are in litigation against 
each other relating to such insurers’ coverage obligations under applicable policies. Liability claims, regardless 
of their merit or eventual outcome, also may have a material adverse effect on our business and result in a loss 
of customer confidence in us or our products, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, 
financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
2. Risks Relating to Internal Control and Compliance 
We operate in many different jurisdictions and we could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign 
Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws. 
The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws generally prohibit com-
panies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to public officials for the purpose of obtaining 
or retaining business. Our internal policies mandate compliance with these anti-corruption laws. We operate 
many facilities throughout the U.S. and other parts of the world. Our widespread, global operations have thou-
sands of persons employed by many affiliated companies, and we rely on our management structure, regulatory 
and legal resources and effective operation of our compliance program to direct, manage and monitor the ac-
tivities of these employees and third-party intermediaries. We cannot ensure that our internal control policies 
and procedures always will protect us from deliberate, reckless or inadvertent acts of our employees or third-
party intermediaries that contravene our compliance policies or violate applicable laws. Our continued expan-
sion, including in developing countries, could increase the risk of such violations in the future. Violations of these 
laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse impact on our 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Beginning in 2012, we received certain communications alleging conduct in countries outside the United States 
that might violate the FCPA or other anti-bribery laws. We conducted investigations with the assistance of out-
side counsel and, in a continuing dialogue, advised the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the United 
States Department of Justice (DOJ) about these investigations. The DOJ and the SEC also conducted their own 
investigations, in which we cooperated. 
In the course of this dialogue, we identified and reported to the DOJ and the SEC, and took remedial actions with 
respect to, conduct that resulted in the DOJ and the SEC seeking monetary penalties including disgorgement of 
profits and other remedies. This conduct revolved principally around the Issuer's products business in countries 
outside the United States. On March 29, 2019, we entered into a non-prosecution agreement with the DOJ and 
a separate agreement with the SEC intended to resolve fully and finally the U.S. government allegations against 
us arising from the investigations. 
In 2015, we self-reported to the German prosecutor conduct with a potential nexus to Germany and continued 
to cooperate with government authorities in Germany in their review of the conduct that prompted our and the 
United States government investigations. 
Since 2012, we have made, and continue to make, further significant investments in our compliance and financial 
controls and in our compliance, legal and financial organizations. Our remedial actions included separation from 
those employees responsible for the above-mentioned conduct. We are dealing with post-FCPA review matters 
on various levels. We continue to be fully committed to compliance with the FCPA and other applicable anti-
bribery laws. 
3. Risks Relating to Our Business Activities and Industry 
We are subject to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as the global 
spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises and epidemics/pandemics, such as 
the rapid global spread of the on-going worldwide severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 and the 
related Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic. Given the already compromised health condition of our typ-
ical dialysis patients, our patients represent a heightened at-risk population, particularly, but not limited to,

--- Page 20 ---
20 
during a public health crisis such as the COVID-19 pandemic which has, and could in the future, lead to increased 
mortality rates in our patient population resulting in an adverse impact on our operations or our future growth. 
The COVID-19 pandemic, specifically, has resulted in a material deterioration of the conditions for the global 
economy and financial markets have been materially affected which have, and as a result, are expected to con-
tinue to, adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although the financial im-
pact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition and results as of and for the year ended Decem-
ber 31, 2020 was not material, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in material, negative impacts to net income 
attributable to shareholders of the Company which we estimate to be around EUR 338 million, net of COVID-19-
related governmental funding, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Going forward, the COVID-19 pandemic 
(including a related significant increase in mortality of patients with chronic kidney diseases and the impact on 
our staffing and recruiting) may continue to have an adverse impact on our operations, manufacturing, supply 
chains and distribution channels and increase our expenses, including as a result of impacts associated with 
preventive and precautionary measures that we, our suppliers, customers and other businesses or governments 
implement or impose on a local, regional, national or international level. Due to these impacts and measures, 
we are incurring significant incremental expenses to provide care to our patients and we are experiencing both 
reductions and increases in demand for certain of our services and products as health care customers re-priori-
tize the treatment of patients. We experienced material negative impacts on our results and net income growth 
from the COVID-19 pandemic through 2021 and expect to experience significant and unpredictable expenses as 
well as reductions in demand for our services and products in the immediately foreseeable future, depending 
upon the adoption and speed of the rollout of vaccinations as well as resistance to vaccinations and vaccination 
mandates. In addition to existing travel restrictions, countries may continue to close borders, restrict certain 
product flows, impose prolonged quarantines and further restrict travel, which may significantly impact the abil-
ity of our employees to produce products or provide services, or may significantly hamper our products from 
moving through the supply chain.  
As noted above, our patients represent a heightened at-risk population. Our in-center and home hemodialysis 
patients must receive their life-saving dialysis treatment several days a week for three to four hours at a time, 
and our peritoneal dialysis patients must dialyze daily, which presents unique challenges for patients and their 
care teams. The COVID-19 pandemic surges are also negatively impacting employee absenteeism, turnover and 
the recruiting cycle for new employees, which has negatively impacted our production and clinical services op-
erations and may continue to do so. In our dialysis clinics we are challenged to maintain sufficient clinical staff, 
including nurses, social workers, dietitians, care technicians and available space to treat all of our patients, in-
cluding those who are or may be infected with COVID-19, in a manner that does not unnecessarily expose our 
care teams or other patients for whom we provide dialysis services and have experienced clinical personnel 
shortages which have increased in light of the pandemic and government vaccine mandates for certain workers. 
The U.S. Supreme Court upheld the Biden Administration’s vaccine mandate for health care workers of recipients 
of Medicare reimbursement in January 2022. The federal mandate for health care workers may pre-empt some 
state prohibitions on vaccine mandates as applied to substantially all health care workers, but it is too soon to 
tell how the federal mandate will reduce resistance to vaccination by our remaining unvaccinated employees. 
We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, extra costs in establishing isolated treatment areas for actual 
and suspected COVID-positive patients, implementing expanded personal protective equipment protocols and 
other precautions as well as identifying, containing and addressing the impact of COVID-19 infections on our 
staff and patients. It appears that COVID-19 has resulted in an increase in persons experiencing temporary renal 
failure in many areas in which we operate. We expect to continue to experience additional staffing shortages as 
well as incur additional staffing costs required to meet the resulting increased demand for dialysis treatment 
and/or to provide equipment and medical staff needed for emergency treatments, for example in hospitals. 
Increased mortality rates in either the pre-ESKD patient population or in our ESKD patient population, compared 
to the historical average, may continue to materially and adversely affect our operating results in 2022 and 
beyond. Patients suffering from ESKD generally have co-morbidities that often place them at increased risk with

--- Page 21 ---
21 
COVID-19 and the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted, and may continue to result, in more of our dialysis patients 
requiring hospitalization, which could also materially and adversely affect our financial results, including those 
of our value-based and shared risk products and services.  
Various governments in regions in which we operate have provided economic assistance programs to address 
the consequences of the pandemic on companies and to support health care providers and patients. In the U.S., 
the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) and various other measures have been en-
acted to mitigate certain adverse financial impacts of the pandemic, including impacts in the health care sector. 
Additional funding provided under the CARES Act and other COVID-19 relief provided some financial support to 
our business in the U.S. through a series of suspensions of the 2% Medicare payment sequestration reduction 
from May 2020 to March 31, 2022, as discussed above, accelerated and advance payments of Medicare reim-
bursement and grants to defray expenses and mitigate the loss of revenues related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Additionally, during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2021, we received, for entities in which we have less 
than 100% ownership, USD 122 million (EUR 103 million) in new U.S. Department of Health and Human Services 
funding (Provider Relief Fund Phase 4) available for health care providers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, 
of which we recognized operating income of USD 58 million (EUR 49 million) used to offset eligible costs in 2021. 
However, this relief funding may not fully offset potential lost revenues and increased costs. We currently esti-
mate that all funds received from grants comply with the terms and conditions associated with the funding 
received. Additional guidance may be released from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services with 
regard to the application of relief funds which could affect the Issuer’s estimate as of December 31, 2021. Fur-
thermore, these costs may become more pronounced if the COVID-19 pandemic and its associated effects on 
our business, financial condition and results of operations persist without relief extensions or additional govern-
ment programs being provided or if such relief extensions or additional programs are further delayed. Further 
legislation and amendments to existing legislation intended to fight the COVID-19 pandemic and its adverse 
economic consequences may be enacted in the markets in which we operate. It is currently not possible to 
estimate or to quantify any effects of such legislative measures on our business. 
Furthermore, the continued COVID-19 infections could continue to disrupt our operations due to absenteeism 
and turnover among our workforce or resistance by our employees and patients to available vaccinations or 
vaccination mandates. As a result of these and potentially other factors, and given the rapid and evolving nature 
of the virus, as exemplified by the development and proliferation of several variants of the virus, the COVID-19 
pandemic could further negatively affect our results, including our achievement of our previously announced 
anticipated cost savings from our FME25 Program (see "Our sales and earnings growth depends, in part, on our 
ability to develop and expand our core dialysis and non-core businesses, efficiently manage costs within those 
businesses, as well as realize anticipated cost savings within our expected timeframe" below). It is uncertain how 
COVID-19 will affect our global operations generally if these impacts persist or are exacerbated over an extended 
period of time. Any of these impacts could have a continued material adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
In addition, to the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, net assets, financial con-
dition and results of operations, it could also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described 
under "RISK FACTORS" in this Prospectus. 
If physicians and other referral sources cease referring patients to our health care service businesses and fa-
cilities or cease purchasing or prescribing our products, our revenues would decrease. 
In providing services within our health care business, we depend upon patients choosing our health care facilities 
as the location for their care. Patients may select a facility based, in whole or in part, on the recommendation 
of their physician. Physicians and other clinicians typically consider a number of factors when recommending a 
particular dialysis facility, dialysis home program, pharmacy, physician practice, vascular surgery center, or

--- Page 22 ---
22 
cardiac catheterization center to an ESKD patient, including the quality of care, the competency of staff, conven-
ient scheduling, and location and physical condition. Physicians may change their recommendations, which may 
result in the movement of new or existing patients to competing facilities, including facilities established by the 
physicians themselves. At most of our dialysis clinics and home programs, a relatively small number of physicians 
often account for the referral of all or a significant portion of the patient base. We have no ability to dictate 
these recommendations and referrals. If a significant number of physicians or other referral sources cease re-
ferring their patients to our facilities and home programs or stop purchasing or prescribing our dialysis products, 
this would reduce our health care revenue and could materially adversely affect our overall operations. 
We face specific risks from global operations.  
We operate dialysis clinics in around 50 countries and sell a range of products and services to customers in 
approximately 150 countries. Our global operations are subject to a number of risks, including but not limited 
to the following: 
 
the economic and political situation in certain countries could deteriorate or become unstable, height-
ened by the war between Russia and Ukraine (Ukraine War); 
 
fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect profitability which has also been heightened by the 
Ukraine War; 
 
we could face difficulties in enforcing and collecting accounts receivable under some countries' legal sys-
tems; 
 
local regulations could restrict our ability to obtain a direct ownership interest in dialysis clinics or other 
operations; 
 
some countries or economic unions may impose charges or restrictions, such as local content require-
ments, which restrict the importation of our products or give local manufacturers an advantage in tenders 
or provide large discounts to providers for certain purchases of our products; 
 
potential increases in tariffs and trade barriers could occur upon any withdrawal by the U.S. or other 
countries from multilateral trade agreements or the imposition of sanctions, retaliatory tariffs and other 
countermeasures in the wake of trade disputes and geopolitical conflicts and wars in certain regions (for 
example the Ukraine War); 
 
we could experience transportation delays or interruptions; 
 
growth and expansion into emerging markets could cause us difficulty due to greater regulatory barriers 
than in the U.S. or Western Europe, the necessity of adapting to new regulatory systems, and problems 
related to entering new markets with different economic, social, legal and political systems and condi-
tions and 
 
we may not prevail in competitive contract tenders. 
Any one or more of these or other factors relevant to global operations could increase our costs, reduce our 
revenues, or disrupt our operations, with possible material adverse impact on our business and financial condi-
tion.  
Certain countries in which we market, manufacture or sell our products do not have laws which protect our 
intellectual property to the same degree as those in the U.S. or elsewhere and our competitors may gain market

--- Page 23 ---
23 
position by designing products that infringe upon our intellectual property rights. An inability to protect our 
intellectual property in these countries could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
We conduct humanitarian-related business directly or indirectly in sanctioned countries, such as Russia, Iran and 
Syria. In case of a violation of applicable economic sanctions or export controls laws and regulations, we could 
be subject to enforcement actions. Possible enforcement actions vary between jurisdictions and depend on the 
factual circumstances of the given violation, but could include criminal penalties, imprisonment of responsible 
individuals, administrative or civil penalties, restricted access to certain markets and reputational harm, among 
others. Our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us from deliberate, reckless or inadvertent 
acts of our employees or agents that contravene our compliance policies or violate applicable laws.  
If we fail to estimate, price for and manage medical costs in an effective manner, the profitability of our value 
and risk-based care programs could decline and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, 
financial position and cash flows. 
Through our value and risk-based care programs, we assume the risk of both medical and administrative costs 
for certain patients in return for fixed periodic payments or potential reimbursement based on our achievement 
against set benchmark targets from governmental and commercial insurers. Specifically in the U.S., our partici-
pation in various value and risk-based care programs includes the CMS Comprehensive End Stage Renal Disease 
Care initiative and capitation, risk-based or shared savings agreements with commercial insurers in which the 
Guarantor receives fixed periodic payments or set benchmark targets to cover all or a defined portion of the 
medical costs of a defined population of patients.  
Our profitability in our value-based agreements and risk products is dependent in part upon our ability to nego-
tiate favorable financial terms, to manage a patient's care, to collaborate with our payor partners, to coordinate 
with other health care providers, to accurately document patients' health conditions for risk adjustment, and to 
find cost efficient, medically appropriate sites of service for our patients. Any failure to do so would limit our 
ability to improve the quality of patient care and health outcomes and to reduce medically unnecessary costs, 
which could lead to poorer performance under value and risk-based care programs. 
The reserves that we establish in connection with the operation of our value and risk-based care programs are 
based upon assumptions and judgments concerning a number of factors, including trends in health care costs, 
expenses and other factors. To the extent the actual claims experience is less favorable than estimated based 
on our underlying assumptions, our incurred losses would increase, and future earnings could be adversely af-
fected.  
CMS relied on authority granted by the ACA to implement the Comprehensive ESRD Care Model, which ended 
March 31, 2021 and sought to deliver better health outcomes for ESRD patients while lowering CMS' costs. Alt-
hough Congress' efforts to date to repeal the ACA have been unsuccessful, and the U.S Supreme Court has dis-
missed litigation seeking to declare the ACA as unconstitutional, further efforts to repeal or revise the ACA may 
affect the project’s future prospects in ways which we currently cannot quantify or predict. We applied, and 
were accepted, for participation in CMS' Comprehensive Kidney Care Contracting (CKCC) model. The implemen-
tation period for the CKCC model began on October 15, 2020, on a no-risk basis, and we began participation in 
the first performance year of the CKCC model on January 1, 2022, at which time each participating entity starts 
to assume financial risk. We do not yet know whether we and our partners will be able to deliver better health 
outcomes while lowering CMS' costs through participation in the CKCC model.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Our sales and earnings growth depends, in part, on our ability to develop and expand our core dialysis and 
non-core businesses, efficiently manage costs within those businesses, as well as realize anticipated cost sav-
ings within our expected timeframe. 
The health care industry experiences continuing consolidation, particularly among health care providers, as well 
as pressure on reimbursement and increasing costs, which requires us to identify both growth opportunities and 
efficiencies in the way we operate. Continuing consolidation in our industry could adversely affect our ability to 
find suitable acquisition targets and to increase future growth and product sales.  
We also compete with other health care companies in seeking suitable acquisition targets and developing our 
core dialysis and non-core businesses. Our ability to make future acquisitions as well as develop our core dialysis 
and non-core businesses depends, in part, on the appropriate strategic target selection, the availability of finan-
cial resources and the current restrictions imposed by competition laws. The integration of acquired businesses 
may cause problems, e.g., by assuming unknown liabilities, underperformance subsequent to integration, asso-
ciated requirements from competition authorities, or non-compliant business practices not disclosed by the 
seller or not uncovered during due diligence, any or all of which may result in our incurring unanticipated costs.  
In order to respond to our rising costs, especially in the face of economic downturns and rising inflation, and to 
improve growth, we announced the next stage in the implementation of our strategy in November 2021: the 
transformation of our operating model into a significantly simplified future structure of two global operating 
segments embodying a more centralized approach; Care Enablement, the consolidation of our previously de-
centralized health care products business (including research and development, manufacturing, supply chain 
and commercial operations as well as supporting functions, such as regulatory and quality management) under 
a global medical technology umbrella, and Care Delivery (as defined below), combining our global health care 
services businesses (FME25 Program). The new global operating model will enable the further consolidation of 
general and administrative functions in our company.  
We announced that based on the implementation of the new global operating model, we assume that we will 
reduce our annual cost base by EUR 500 million by the end of 2025, with around 50% of these savings expected 
to be realized by 2023. With around 80% of the anticipated one-time investments in the FME25 Program, 
amounting to approximately EUR 450-500 million, expected to be made by the end of 2023 (of which invest-
ments of EUR 63 million were made in 2021), we stated that we thus expect to reach positive net savings by the 
end of 2023.  
While we believe the FME25 Program will provide us with a more efficient way of both managing and growing 
the business in the future, the amounts of anticipated cost savings and anticipated expenses related thereto 
described above are based on our current estimates, and involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other 
factors that may cause the timing of actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from 
the anticipated timing described herein. Assumptions relating to the FME25 Program and the achievement of 
the aforementioned cost savings within the specified timeframe involve subjective decisions and judgments with 
respect to, among other things, the estimated impact of certain operational adjustments, labor management 
and labor relations (including our commitment to consultation with works councils and other workplace repre-
sentatives in good faith), and other cost and savings adjustments, as well as future economic, competitive, in-
dustry and market conditions, impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic and possible unanticipated effects from 
acquisitions, all of which are inherently uncertain and may not be completely within the control of our manage-
ment. Although the Issuer's management believes these estimates and assumptions related to the timing of 
these savings to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that the estimates described herein will prove to be 
accurate, result in anticipated operational efficiencies or be implemented according to our previously an-
nounced timing. We expect that our security holders, investors and other stakeholders will monitor both 
whether we achieve our anticipated FME25 Program cost savings and whether we meet our announced timing

--- Page 25 ---
25 
in doing so. Failure to realize the expected cost savings from the FME25 Program within our announced 
timeframe described above could adversely impact the market for our securities and availability of financing, 
which, in addition, could limit our future growth, including growth in either our revenues or earnings within our 
health care services and products businesses. Any or all of these factors generally could have an adverse effect 
on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Our pharmaceutical product business could lose sales to generic drug manufacturers or new branded drugs. 
Our branded pharmaceutical product business is subject to significant risk as a result of competition from man-
ufacturers of generic drugs and other new competing medicines or therapies. The expiration or loss of patent 
protection for one of our products, the "at-risk" launch by a generic manufacturer of a generic version of one of 
our branded pharmaceutical products or the launch of new branded drugs that compete with one or more of 
our products could result in the loss of a major portion of sales of that branded pharmaceutical product in a very 
short time period, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of 
operations.  
Our competitors could develop superior technology or otherwise take advantage of new competitive develop-
ments that impact our sales. 
We face numerous competitors in both our health care services business and our dialysis products business, 
some of which may possess substantial financial, marketing or research and development resources. Competi-
tion from new and existing competitors, and especially new competitive developments, and innovations in tech-
nology and care delivery models could materially adversely affect the future pricing and sale of our products and 
services. In particular, technological innovation has historically been a significant competitive factor in the dial-
ysis products business. The introduction of new products or services by competitors could qualify them for cer-
tain additional payments for new and innovative equipment or render one or more of our products or services 
less competitive or even obsolete, which could also affect our sales and distribution of pharmaceuticals for 
which, to some extent, we are obligated to make certain minimum annual royalty payments. 
Global economic conditions as well as disruptions in financial markets could have an adverse effect on our 
businesses. 
We are dependent on the conditions of the financial markets and the global economy. In order to pursue our 
business, we are reliant on capital markets, as are our renal product customers and commercial health care 
insurers. Limited or more expensive access to capital in the financial markets could adversely affect our business 
and profitability. Among other things, the potential decline in federal and state revenues in a prolonged eco-
nomic slowdown or recession may create additional pressures to contain or reduce reimbursements for our 
services from public payors around the world, including Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S. and other govern-
ment sponsored programs in the U.S. and other countries around the world. Devaluation of currencies such as 
the impact from hyperinflationary economies in Turkey, Argentina and Lebanon as well as fluctuations in cur-
rencies as a result of the Ukraine War, unfavorable interest rate changes and worsening economic conditions, 
including inflationary cost increases in various markets in connection with deteriorating country credit ratings 
also increase the risk of a goodwill impairment, which could lead to a partial or total goodwill write-off in the 
affected cash generating units, or have a negative impact on our investments and external partnerships. In ad-
dition, uncertainty in the financial markets could adversely affect the valuations of certain of our investments, 
interest rate-sensitive assets or liabilities or variable interest rates payable under our credit facilities or could 
make it more difficult to obtain or renew such facilities or to obtain other forms of financing in the future should 
access to these capital markets become restricted. Additionally, inflationary cost increases have had and may 
continue to have an unfavorable effect on our business, especially if the prices for our products and services 
remain unchanged or do not adequately track against cost increases. Most recently, the rapid global spread of

--- Page 26 ---
26 
the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a material deterioration of the conditions for the global economy and 
financial markets have been materially and adversely affected which has and could continue to have adverse 
effects on our financial condition and our liquidity.  
Job losses or increases in unemployment rates may result in a smaller percentage of our patients being covered 
by employer group health plans and a larger percentage being covered by lower paying government reimburse-
ment programs. Unemployment rates globally have been negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which 
adversely affected the global economy and our operating results. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic 
continues to impact our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future develop-
ments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. To the extent that our commercial payors are neg-
atively impacted by a decline in the economy, including the projected decline resulting from the COVID-19 pan-
demic, we may experience further pressure on commercial rates, a further slowdown in collections and a reduc-
tion in the amounts we are able to collect. Any or all of these factors, or other consequences of the continuation, 
or worsening, of domestic and global economic conditions which cannot currently be predicted, could continue 
to have a material adverse effect on our businesses and results of operations. 
We could be adversely affected if we experience shortages of goods or material price increases from our sup-
pliers, or an inability to access new and improved products and technology. 
Our business is dependent on the reliable supply of several raw materials and finished components for produc-
tion and service purposes. If we are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of these materials at times of limited 
availability of such materials, this could result in delays in production or loss of sales and hence have an adverse 
effect on our results of operations. Similarly, price increases by suppliers (including from the impact of inflation), 
and the inability to access new products or technology could also adversely affect our results of operations. 
These disruptions in supply, coupled with labor shortages and heightened employee absenteeism and turnover 
due to COVID-19 surges, have resulted and could continue to result in a negative impact on our business. All of 
these factors introduce additional risk to our operations and exposure to legal liability in the delivery of our 
goods and services.  
Our procurement risk mitigation efforts include (i) the development of partnerships with strategic suppliers 
through framework contracts, (ii) where reasonably practicable, at least two sources for all supply and price-
critical primary products (dual sourcing, multiple sourcing), and (iii) measures to prevent loss of suppliers, such 
as risk analyses as well as continuous supply chain monitoring. Any failure of these measures to mitigate disrup-
tive goods shortages and potential price increases or to allow access to favorable new product and technology 
developments could have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. In some cases, for reasons 
of quality assurance, cost effectiveness, or availability, certain components or raw materials needed to manu-
facture our products are obtained from a sole supplier. A failure of any of our single-source suppliers to fulfil 
their contractual obligations in a timely manner or as a result of regulatory noncompliance or physical disruption 
at a manufacturing site could adversely affect our ability to manufacture and distribute our products in a timely 
or cost-effective manner, and our ability to make product sales. Due to the stringent regulations and require-
ments of regulatory agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), regarding the manufacture 
of our products, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources.  
Measures taken by governmental authorities and private actors to limit the spread of the COVID-19 virus, as 
well as resistance to government vaccine mandates, have interfered, and may continue to interfere, with the 
ability of our employees, suppliers, and other business providers to carry out their assigned tasks or supply ma-
terials at ordinary levels of performance. Given the rapid spread and evolving nature of the virus, it is uncertain 
how COVID-19 will continue to affect our global operations generally if these actions persist or are expanded 
over an extended period of time. Additionally, decreases in the availability and related increases in the cost of 
personal protective equipment as well as the lack of eligible grants under governmental COVID-19 relief

--- Page 27 ---
27 
programs to offset some of those expenses have adversely affected our results of operations and could continue 
to do so.  
Any material disruption in government operations and funding could have a material adverse impact on our 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
A substantial portion of our revenues is dependent on government health care program reimbursement, and 
any disruptions in government operations could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial con-
dition and results of operations. If the governments with which we do business default on their debts, there 
could be broad macroeconomic effects that could raise our cost of borrowing funds, and delay or prevent our 
future growth and expansion. Any future government shutdown, government default on debt, decline in gov-
ernment revenues during a prolonged economic slowdown and/or failure of governments to enact annual ap-
propriations could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Additionally, material disruptions in government operations may negatively impact regulatory approvals and 
guidance that are important to our operations, and create uncertainty about the pace of upcoming health care 
regulatory developments.  
If we are unable to attract and retain skilled medical, technical and engineering personnel, or if legislative, 
union, other labor-related activities or changes or employee absenteeism and turnover due to COVID-19 or 
other illnesses and factors, result in significant increases in our operating costs or decreases in productivity, 
we may be unable to manage our growth or continue our technological development. 
Our continued growth in the health care business will depend upon our ability to attract and retain skilled work-
force, including highly skilled nurses and other medical personnel. Our health care products business depends 
on the development of new products, technologies and treatment concepts to be competitive, and for that we 
need to attract the best and most talented people, especially in research and development. Competition for 
those employees is intense and shortages for these sought-after employees, such as nurses, or skilled engineers 
and research and development personnel, may increase our personnel and recruiting costs and/or impair our 
reputation for production of technologically advanced products. Additionally, evolving guidelines and require-
ments regarding vaccine mandates for our employees may have an impact on our ability to attract and retain 
qualified clinical personnel. During the COVID-19 pandemic surges, we experienced and may continue to expe-
rience, greater employee absenteeism and turnover and longer recruiting cycles which negatively impact our 
ability to produce and deliver the goods and services that we provide to our customers and our patients. More-
over, we believe that future success in the provider business will be significantly dependent on our ability to 
attract and retain qualified physicians to serve as employees of or consultants to our health care services busi-
nesses. 
Additionally, in recruiting, employing and retaining personnel, we may be exposed to increasing risks relating to 
various labor and staffing laws, legislative, union, or other labor-related activities or changes. These factors could 
also impact the integration of acquired companies into our operations, which could increase our costs, decrease 
our productivity and prevent us from realizing synergies from acquisitions. If we are unable to manage the risks 
above, then our growth and results of operations could be adversely impacted.  
If we are unable to meet applicable legal requirements and/or market expectations with respect to sustaina-
bility, both our business and our reputation could suffer. We could be subject to fines and other financial bur-
dens associated with global ESG regulations and laws, and we could alienate our patients, employees,

--- Page 28 ---
28 
customers, partners, investors and the communities we serve. Furthermore, if we do not meet investors' or 
certain markets' ESG standards, the market for our securities could be adversely impacted. 
Companies' ESG activities are facing increased scrutiny from stakeholders such as institutional and other inves-
tors, regulatory bodies and non-governmental organizations (NGOs). Failure to effectively identify, carry out and 
manage the necessary sustainability activities as required or expected, as well as effectually manage the impact 
of factors beyond our control, could cause us to incur additional costs or damage our brand. We could also be 
subject to financial and other penalties imposed by the respective authorities in the jurisdictions in which we do 
business. For example, a rise in prices of carbon emission rights stemming from the requirements of European 
climate regulations could increase our production costs. Such cost increases could have an adverse effect on our 
operations and results if we do not accurately plan for, and effectively implement, necessary sustainable busi-
ness practices.  
In addition to environmental risks, we also face several social risks. High staff turnover is a risk, not only due to 
the expense associated with hiring and training new staff, but also because it could affect our ability to serve 
our patients (see "If we are unable to attract and retain skilled medical, technical and engineering personnel, or 
if legislative, union, other labor-related activities or changes or employee absenteeism and turnover due to 
COVID-19 or other illnesses and factors, result in significant increases in our operating costs or decreases in 
productivity, we may be unable to manage our growth or continue our technological development" above). Fur-
thermore, companies are increasingly expecting their suppliers to share their commitment to sustainability and 
demonstrate sustainable business practices across their supply chains, including the ability to identify and miti-
gate risks related to human rights in their entire value chain. If we fail to comply with our legal obligations related 
to supply chain due diligence, we could face significant fines and be excluded from public tenders and contracts. 
We could also suffer reputational damage, especially given that our performance in this area is closely monitored 
by NGOs, investors and others.  
In light of these expectations, among other aspects, we have incorporated sustainability as a performance target 
for the compensation of our Management Board (as defined below). Should management fail to meet these 
outcomes, investors and/or debt providers may not deem us the correct fit for their investment or financing 
purposes, thereby negatively impacting our share price or our ability to source funding through debt financing. 
Our EUR 2 billion syndicated multicurrency sustainability-linked revolving credit facility agreement (Syndicated 
Credit Facility), which serves as a backup facility and is undrawn at the date of the Prospectus, includes a sus-
tainability component, pursuant to which the credit facility's margin will rise or fall depending on our sustaina-
bility performance.  
Heightened scrutiny on ESG topics may result in more extensive regulatory requirements aimed at mitigating 
the effects of climate change and other current and future ESG concerns. Should further regulation or stake-
holder expectations be more stringent in the future, we may experience increased compliance burdens and 
costs to meet regulatory obligations and we cannot currently estimate what impact existing and future regula-
tions will have on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Ukraine War could have a significant negative impact on the global macroeconomic outlook, our access 
to capital in financial markets and a negative impact on our net assets, financial position and results of oper-
ations.  
As a provider of life-sustaining healthcare services for dialysis patients, we are continuing our activities in both 
Russia and Ukraine to the best of our ability in spite of the current war in the region and notwithstanding exten-
sive economic sanctions imposed on Russia by numerous governments in response to the war. In addition to 
risks related to the further development of our activities in the two countries, considerable uncertainties arise 
within this highly dynamic situation, in particular from a possible deterioration of the global macroeconomic

--- Page 29 ---
29 
outlook. While the direct and indirect impacts related to the Ukraine War are difficult to predict at the present 
time, a macroeconomic inflationary environment, including increasing energy prices, could lead to, amongst 
other consequences, higher costs for energy, supplies and transportation. A potential disruption of energy sup-
plies from Russia may increase these impacts and could have additional adverse effects on our business. Fur-
thermore, we could be impacted by pressure on or increases in interest rates, particularly if accompanied by 
more difficult access to capital in the financial markets and currency devaluations as a result of the geopolitical 
situation. Overall, the aforementioned factors could have a negative impact on our net assets, financial position 
and results of operations. While we still consider the Risk Factor "We could be adversely affected if we experience 
shortages of goods or material price increases from our suppliers, or an inability to access new and improved 
products and technology" to be a medium level risk, we believe that the Ukraine War has increased both the 
likelihood and potential impact of the risks and exposures described in that Risk Factor, above. 
4. Risks Relating to Taxation and Accounting 
There are significant risks associated with estimating the amount of health care service revenues that we 
recognize that could impact the timing of our recognition of revenues or have a significant impact on our 
operating results and financial condition. 
There are significant risks associated with estimating the amount of revenues from health care services that we 
recognize in a reporting period. 
 
The billing and collection process is complicated due to a number of factors including insurance coverage 
changes, geographic coverage differences, differing interpretations of plan benefits and managed care 
contracts, and uncertainty about reimbursement from payors with whom we are not contracted. 
 
Laws and regulations governing Medicare, Medicaid and other federal programs are extremely complex, 
changing and subject to interpretation. 
 
Determining applicable primary and secondary insurance coverage for an extensive number of patients 
at any point in time, together with the changes in patient coverage that occur each month or changes in 
plan benefits, requires complex, resource-intensive processes. Errors in determining the correct coordi-
nation of benefits may result in refunds to payors. 
 
The complexity of estimating revenues from a primary payor also brings complexity to estimating reve-
nues from secondary payors and patients. 
 
Collections, refunds and payor retractions may continue to occur for up to three years or longer after 
services are provided. 
If our estimates of revenues are materially inaccurate, it could impact the timing and amount of our recognition 
of revenues and have a significant impact on our operating results and financial condition.  
Diverging views of fiscal authorities could require us to make additional tax payments. 
We are subject to ongoing tax audits in Germany, the U.S. and other jurisdictions. We could potentially receive 
notices of unfavorable adjustments and disallowances in connection with certain of these audits. If we are un-
successful in contesting unfavorable determinations, we could be required to make additional tax payments, 
which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations in the 
relevant reporting period.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
A dependency on the payment behavior and decision-making of our business partners can affect the collecta-
bility of accounts receivable. 
Our health care product business and our dialysis services business differ across the regions in which we operate. 
In many cases, our products and services are paid for, either directly or indirectly, by government institutions. 
We believe the risk of default from a government payor is generally low to moderate worldwide which could, 
however, prove to be wrong. On a country level, the payor base is characterized by distinct customer or payor 
groups which can range in volume from a few customers to a considerable amount of customer types which 
have varying levels of risk associated with default or non-payment of receivables as well as risks for dependen-
cies based upon the competition within low volume customer base environments. In certain cases, a resulting 
dependency on the payment behavior and decision-making of our business partners can affect the collectability 
of accounts receivable and can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our 
measures aiming to mitigate these risks by actively negotiating long-term contracts with major customers, tar-
geted marketing activities, developing new product and pricing models as well as improving the quality of our 
services and products, could be insufficient or ineffective.  
5. Risks Relating to Our Financial Condition and Our Securities 
Our indebtedness may prevent us from fulfilling our debt-service obligations or implementing certain elements 
of our business strategy. 
At December 31, 2021, we had consolidated debt (including lease liabilities) of EUR 13,320 million and consoli-
dated total shareholders' equity of EUR 13,979 million (EUR 13,343 million and EUR 14,539 million, respectively, 
at March 31, 2022). Our debt could: jeopardize the successful execution of our business strategy, increase our 
vulnerability to general adverse economic conditions, limit our ability to obtain necessary financing to fund fu-
ture working capital needs, capital expenditures, payment of dividends and other general corporate require-
ments, require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations, as well as the proceeds of 
certain financings and asset dispositions, to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of 
our cash flow and such proceeds to fund other purposes, limit our flexibility in reacting to changes in our busi-
ness and the industry in which we operate, place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors 
that have less debt, limit our ability to pursue possible future acquisitions and sell assets, make it more difficult 
for us to satisfy our obligations under our debt securities, and limit our ability to borrow additional funds.  
Our leverage makes us vulnerable to a downturn in the operating performance of our business, larger than 
normal fluctuations or volatility in our cash flow, or a downturn in economic conditions. Our ability to make 
payments on and to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which 
is dependent on various factors. These factors include governmental and private insurer reimbursement rates 
for medical treatment and general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors 
that are beyond our control. If our cash flow is not sufficient to meet our debt service and principal payment 
requirements, we could be required to refinance our obligations or to dispose of assets in order to meet such 
requirements. In addition, from time to time we need to refinance our existing debt as and when it matures. In 
either case, there is no guarantee that we will be able to refinance our existing indebtedness on terms compa-
rable to those governing our existing indebtedness. If our cash flow is not sufficient to meet our debt service 
and principal payment requirements, or if we are unable to refinance our existing indebtedness on acceptable 
terms, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.  
On July 1, 2021, we entered into our Syndicated Credit Facility. Our Syndicated Credit Facility and certain of our 
other financing instruments include other covenants which, among other things, restrict or could have the effect 
of restricting our ability to dispose of assets and create liens, and restrict the indebtedness of our subsidiaries. 
These covenants may otherwise limit our activities as well. The breach of any of the covenants could result in a

--- Page 31 ---
31 
default and acceleration of the indebtedness under the respective financing agreements, which could, in turn, 
create additional defaults and acceleration of the indebtedness under the agreements relating to our other long-
term indebtedness which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of oper-
ations.  
The covenant limiting our ability to incur unsecured debt contained in the sole remaining issue of our outstand-
ing bonds issued prior to 2018 is currently suspended and will remain so as long as two of the three credit ratings 
assigned to these bonds by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P), Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody's) 
and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch) are at least BBB- or Baa3 (as the case may be) or higher, or, in each case, 
the equivalent in respect of rating categories of any rating agencies substituted for S&P, Moody's or Fitch. Addi-
tionally, we may still be able to incur substantial unsecured debt in compliance with that covenant regardless of 
our credit rating. 
Despite our existing indebtedness, we may still be able to incur significantly more debt. This could intensify 
the risks described above. 
Neither the terms and conditions of the Notes nor the Guarantee contain any restrictions on the incurrence of 
additional debt. Despite our existing indebtedness, we may still be able to incur significantly more debt in the 
future. If additional debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify.  
II. Risks Relating to the Notes 
The risk factors relating to the Notes are presented in the following categories depending on their nature with 
the most material risk factor presented first in each category:  
1. 
Risks Relating to the Nature and Ranking of the Notes  
2. 
Risks Relating to the Guarantor and the Guarantee 
1. Risks Relating to the Nature and Ranking of the Notes 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to the claims of other creditors of non-guarantors within the Group. 
Generally, claims of creditors of a subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors holding 
indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings 
of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company (structural subordination). However, holders 
of the Notes (the Holders) will have direct claims against the Guarantor itself under the Guarantee issued by the 
Guarantor guaranteeing the Notes on a senior unsecured basis. 
Accordingly, the Notes will be structurally subordinated to all creditors, including trade creditors, of the Issuer's 
subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor), and the aggregate debt of non-guarantor subsidiaries of Guarantor. The 
Notes will effectively be pari passu with our outstanding bonds issued by us and our finance subsidiaries (collec-
tively Bonds) due to the Issuer's guarantee of such Bonds. Any right of the Issuer or the Guarantor to receive 
assets of their respective subsidiaries upon the insolvency or liquidation of the subsidiary (and the consequent 
rights of the Holders to participate in those assets) will be structurally subordinated to the claims of the subsidi-
ary's creditors, except to the extent the Issuer's or the Guarantor's claims do not result from (i) their respective 
shareholdings, (ii) shareholder loans (or their economic equivalent) subordinated by law, or (iii) contractually sub-
ordinated claims, in which case their claims would still be subordinated with respect to any assets of the subsidiary 
pledged to secure other indebtedness, and any indebtedness of the subsidiary senior to that held by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
The Notes and the Guarantee will be effectively subordinated to secured debt of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
to the extent such debt is secured by assets that are not also securing the Notes. 
Although the Terms and Conditions restrict the Issuer's and, under certain circumstances, its subsidiaries' ability to 
provide security for the benefit of Capital Market Indebtedness and require the Issuer and, under certain circum-
stances, its subsidiaries to secure the Notes equally if they provide security for the benefit of Capital Market In-
debtedness, the requirement to provide equal security to the Notes is subject to a number of significant exceptions 
and carve-outs, including but not limited to security for up to EUR 100 million of Capital Market Indebtedness. 
Capital Market Indebtedness means any obligation for the payment of borrowed money which is evidenced by 
a certificate of indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) or which is represented by any bond or debt security with 
an original maturity of more than one year which is, or is intended to be, or is capable of being listed or traded 
on a stock exchange or other recognized securities market. To the extent the Issuer or Guarantor provide asset 
security for the benefit of other debt without also securing the Notes, the Notes and the Guarantee will be effec-
tively subordinated to such debt to the extent of such assets and would be pari passu with such other debt to the 
extent the security did not satisfy such indebtedness. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of (present or future) secured debt of the Issuer and the Guarantor may recover 
disproportionately more on their claims than the Holders in an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding. Ac-
cordingly, following satisfaction of all secured debt of the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Guarantor 
may not have sufficient assets remaining to make payments on the Notes or the Guarantee, respectively.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor both rely on distributions from their subsidiaries to meet their payment obliga-
tions. 
The Issuer acts as the ultimate holding company for the Group and the Guarantor acts as the holding company 
for the U.S. subsidiaries of the Group. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor have a material amount of independ-
ent operations, and derive substantially all of their consolidated revenue from their direct or indirect operating 
subsidiaries. Consequently, each of the Issuer's and the Guarantor's cash flow and their ability to meet their 
obligations under the Notes are dependent upon the profitability and cash flow of their subsidiaries and pay-
ments by such respective subsidiaries to the Issuer and the Guarantor in the form of loans, dividends, fees, rental 
payments, or otherwise, as well as the Issuer's and the Guarantor's own credit arrangements. These are, in turn, 
subject to many of the same risks, limitations and uncertainties relating to the Issuer and Guarantor described 
elsewhere in this risk factor section. 
The ability of its subsidiaries to make payments to the Issuer may be restricted by, among other things, applica-
ble corporate and other laws and regulations and by the terms of covenants and restrictions contained in financ-
ing agreements to which our subsidiaries will be a party. Any failure to comply with such covenants and re-
strictions could delay or preclude the distribution of dividend payments or any other similar payments to the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor. 
We may not be able to make a change of control redemption upon demand. 
Upon the occurrence of certain specified change of control events followed by a ratings decline, holders of the 
Notes will have the right to require that we purchase the Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of their prin-
cipal amount, plus any accrued but unpaid interest. Holders of certain of our other outstanding obligations, 
including our outstanding Bonds, have the same right upon the occurrence of such events. Our ability to repur-
chase Notes upon such a change of control event will be limited by our access to funds at the time of the repur-
chase. The source of funds for these repayments would be the available cash or cash generated from other 
sources. We cannot assure you that if an event that requires us to offer to repurchase the Notes occurs that we 
will have, or have access to, sufficient funds to pay the required purchase price for all of the Notes tendered to

--- Page 33 ---
33 
us by the Holders and all of the Bonds tendered to us by the holders of the Bonds. Our failure to purchase 
tendered Notes or Bonds would constitute a default under the Terms and Conditions governing the Notes and 
under the indentures or other instruments governing the Bonds not issued under the Program and or other 
financing agreements. 
Notes may be denominated in a foreign currency. 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e., a currency other than euro) is particularly exposed to 
the risk of changes in currency exchange rates which may affect the yield and the redemption-value in domestic 
currency of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors, such as the development 
of interest rates, macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and gov-
ernments.  
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding change 
in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding change in the euro 
value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than euro in accordance with the terms of 
such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro rises correspondingly, the price of the 
Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed in euro falls. In addition, 
government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected. 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes early. 
The Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts 
(gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions. In addition, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate if the Issuer has the right to call the Notes prior to maturity (optional call right), 
among others, (i) at the option of the Issuer for reason of minimal outstanding principal amount, (ii) at the option 
of the Issuer on any call redemption date(s) at the call redemption amount specified in the Terms and Conditions, 
(iii) at the option of the Issuer at a price that includes the make-whole amount specified in the Terms and Condi-
tions, (iv) upon the occurrence of a transaction trigger event at the early redemption amount as specified in the 
Terms and Conditions, and/or (v) if payments on the Notes are linked to a benchmark, upon occurrence of a 
benchmark event as specified in the Terms and Conditions, provided that it is not possible, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, to determine a successor benchmark as further specified in the Terms and Conditions.  
If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due to an early 
redemption event, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption his investment 
might have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to exercise its optional call right and redeem 
the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes (after giving effect to any make-
whole or other redemption premium). At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in comparable securities at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 
Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. In addition, the Issuer can be 
expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable notes in the capital market has fallen which 
means that the investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower 
yield. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. It 
should be noted that the Issuer may exercise any call right irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
Notes which include a redemption option by the Issuer are likely to have a lower market value than similar secu-
rities which do not contain an Issuer redemption option. An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the 
market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value

--- Page 34 ---
34 
of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they may be redeemed. This may also 
be the case prior to any redemption period.  
In addition, investors who have purchased the Notes at a price above par are exposed to the risk that they lose 
part of their investment in the case of an early redemption of the Notes at par. 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors. 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest 
rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess 
demand for the relevant type of Note. The Holders are therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavorable develop-
ment of market prices of their Notes which materialize if the Holders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of 
such Notes. If a Holder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In particular, a Holder of a fixed rate Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of an 
increase in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a fixed rate Note as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Note, the current interest rate in the capital market (market 
interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a fixed rate 
Note also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of a fixed rate 
Note typically falls, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable 
issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of a fixed rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such 
Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the Holder of a fixed rate Note 
holds such Note until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such Holder as the 
Note will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
There is presently no active public trading market for the Notes. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Program to be admit-
ted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the Program provides that Notes may be listed on other or further 
stock exchanges or may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, there can be no 
assurance regarding the future development of a market for the Notes or the ability of Holders to sell their Notes 
or the price at which Holders may be able to sell their Notes. If such a market were to develop, the Notes could 
trade at prices that may be higher or lower than the initial offering price depending on many factors, including 
prevailing interest rates, the Group's operating results, the market for similar securities and other factors, includ-
ing general economic conditions, performance and prospects, as well as recommendations of securities analysts. 
The liquidity of, and the trading market for, the Notes may also be adversely affected by declines in the market 
for debt securities generally. Such a decline may affect any liquidity and trading of the Notes independent of the 
Group's financial performance and prospects. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such 
Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. 
A Holder of a floating rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income. 
A Holder of a floating rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest 
income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of floating rate Notes in ad-
vance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication 
of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Floating rate Notes may be structured to include caps or floors, or any combination of those features. The effect 
of a cap is that the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so that the 
Holder will not be able to benefit from any actual favorable development beyond the cap. The yield could there-
fore be considerably lower than that of similar floating rate Notes without a cap. 
There are specific risks regarding floating rate Notes linked to EURIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks. 
Furthermore, so-called benchmarks and other indices such as the EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed 
"benchmarks" (each a Benchmark and together the Benchmarks), to which the interest of floating rate notes 
might be linked to, have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international regu-
latory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to 
be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to dis-
appear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the Benchmarks Regulation which is fully applicable 
since January 1, 2018.  
Given that the Benchmark Regulation does not apply to central banks and that €STR and SOFR are administered 
by the ECB and the Federal Reserve, respectively, €STR and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation as of the date of this Prospectus. If the administrator of any of these reference rates changes in the 
future, such reference rate might fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, including in any of 
the following circumstances: 
 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorization or is 
registered and in the case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the European 
Commission adopts an implementing decision stating that the legal and supervisory framework of the 
non-EU jurisdiction is equivalent to the requirements under the Benchmarks Regulation (Article 30 
Benchmarks Regulation), the administrator is recognized (Article 32 Benchmarks Regulation) or the 
Benchmark is endorsed (Article 33 Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to applicable transitional provisions). 
If this is not the case, Notes linked to such Benchmarks could be impacted and might have to be de-listed, 
adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise impacted; and 
 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate 
or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could impact the Notes, including 
Calculation Agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
As regards EURIBOR, the new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR has been adapted to the requirements of the Bench-
marks Regulation. However, EURIBOR is also subject to constant review and revision. On September 13, 2018, 
the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the €STR as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. 
The €STR was published for the first time on October 2, 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been re-
formed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it 
will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative 
benchmark. It is currently not foreseeable whether EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and beyond 
2025. Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or oth-
erwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmarks Regulation, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and 
investigations which may impact Benchmarks. Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the 
manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, with the result that they may perform differently than in 
the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there could be other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. 
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for floating rate Notes 
which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions appli-
cable to such Notes, which in the end could lead, inter alia, to the determination of the applicable interest rate 
on the basis of another benchmark determined as further specified in the Terms and Conditions, or to a previ-
ously available rate of the Benchmark being applied until maturity of the floating rate Notes, effectively turning 
the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest, or to an early termination of the relevant Notes at the 
option of the Issuer. Under these fallback provisions, the Benchmark will be substituted, if possible, by a replace-
ment offered interest rate or an alternative offered interest rate determined by the Issuer (the latter after con-
sultation with an independent advisor). If this is not possible, the interest rate for the relevant interest period 
will be determined on the basis of the offered interest rate that was used for the last preceding interest period 
and such rate will continue to apply for future interest periods of the Notes until a replacement offered interest 
rate or an alternative offered interest rate will be determined by the Issuer in accordance with the fallback 
provisions. In addition, if, in the Issuer's opinion, it is not possible to determine a replacement offered interest 
rate or an alternative offered interest rate in accordance with the fallback provisions and if the Final Terms so 
provide, the Issuer will be entitled to call the Notes for redemption at their principal amount, together with 
interest accrued (if any). Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of a replacement offered interest 
rate or an alternative offered interest rate, the relevant further fallback provisions may not operate as intended 
at the relevant time. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives could have a material 
adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Although 
it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes and/or any further changes in 
the administration or method of determining a Benchmark could have an effect on the value of any Notes linked 
to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that any changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amounts payable on, floating rate Notes whose rate 
of interest is linked to such Benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates and the use of risk free rates is subject to im-
portant limitations. 
Interest rates of floating rate Notes may be linked to SOFR or €STR (commonly referred to as Risk Free Rates). 
SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by treasury securities. SOFR may 
fail to gain market acceptance, which could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the return on and the market price of floating rate Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or applica-
tion of SOFR in the bond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR 
based rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Prospective investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SOFR across these markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal 
of the Notes. 
The level of Compounded SOFR applicable to a particular interest period and, therefore, the amount of interest 
payable with respect to such interest period will be determined on the relevant interest determination date for

--- Page 37 ---
37 
the floating rate Notes for such interest period. Because each such date is near the end of such interest period, 
holders of Notes will not know the amount of interest payable on the floating rate Notes with respect to a 
particular interest period until shortly prior to the related interest payment date and it may be difficult for hold-
ers of Notes to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on each such interest payment date. 
The Federal Reserve further notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to important 
limitations and disclaimers, including that the Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication 
schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR at any time without prior notice 
€STR reflects the wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks. The rate is published 
for each TARGET2 business day based on transactions conducted and settled on the previous day. The ECB notes 
that the use of €STR is subject to limitations and disclaimers, including that the ECB may (i) materially change 
€STR methodology or the €STR determination process, or (ii) cease the determination and publication of €STR 
(in each case after consulting with stakeholders to the extent it is possible or practicable and all as described in 
Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank of July 10, 2019 on the Euro short-term rate (€STR) 
(ECB/2019/19), as amended). 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to Risk Free Rates as a reference in 
the capital markets and as an alternative to EURIBOR and the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). Specifi-
cally, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on Risk 
Free Rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of Risk Free Rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which refer-
ence a Risk Free Rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, 
if the Notes become due and payable, the rate of interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes 
became due and payable. 
Since the Risk Free Rates are published by third parties based on data received from other sources, the Issuer 
has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that SOFR or €STR 
will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of in-
vestors in the respective Notes. If the manner in which the respective Risk Free Rate is calculated is changed, 
that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and the trading prices of 
the Notes. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in the respective Risk Free Rate as an 
indicator of future changes in the applicable Risk Free Rate. Also, since the Risk Free Rates are a relatively new 
market index, the Notes will likely have no established trading market when issued. Trading prices of the Notes 
may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if the applicable Risk Free 
Rate does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower 
than those of debt securities linked to indices that are more widely used. Investors in the Notes may not be able 
to sell the Notes at all or may not be able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield compa-
rable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from in-
creased pricing volatility and market risk. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment 
decision with respect to any such Notes. 
Investors should be aware that, if the relevant Risk Free Rate were temporarily unavailable or permanently dis-
continued, the rate of interest on the Notes will be determined for the relevant Interest Period by the fallback 
provisions applicable to the Notes, which include, inter alia, the application of certain successor rates. 
Investors should further be aware that, if the relevant Risk Free Rate were permanently discontinued, the rate 
of interest on the Notes will be determined for the relevant Interest Period by fallback provisions which differ 
from those applicable in case the Risk Free Rate were temporarily unavailable.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
The application of the fallback provisions could result in the same interest rate being applied to the Notes until 
their maturity, effectively turning the Notes, which are supposed to pay a floating rate of interest, into debt 
instruments with a fixed rate of interest. In addition, if the same interest rate is being applied to the Notes until 
their maturity and if the Final Terms so provide, the Issuer will be entitled to call the Notes for redemption at 
their principal amount, together with interest accrued (if any). 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any such Securities. 
Any Holder is subject to the risk that its rights against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the relevant 
Series of Notes are amended, reduced or even cancelled by a majority resolution of the Holders. 
If the Terms and Conditions of Notes provide for meetings of Holders of a Series of Notes or the taking of votes 
without a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and the Guarantee may be amended (as proposed 
or agreed by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor) by majority resolution of the Holders of such Notes and any such 
majority resolution will be binding on all Holders. Any Holder is therefore subject to the risk that its rights against 
the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Series of Notes are amended, reduced or even can-
celled by a majority resolution of the Holders. Any such majority resolution will even be binding on Holders who 
have declared their claims arising from the Notes due and payable based on the occurrence of an event of de-
fault but who have not received payment from the Issuer or the relevant Guarantors prior to the amendment 
taking effect. According to the German Act on Debt Securities (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), the rele-
vant majority for Holders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal 
amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. Therefore, any such resolution may effectively be passed with the 
consent of less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. 
If a Holders' Representative is appointed, a Holder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce 
its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
If the Notes provide that the Holders of a Series of Notes are entitled to appoint a Holders' representative (the 
Holders' Representative) by a majority resolution of such Holders or if a Holders' Representative has been ap-
pointed in the Terms and Conditions of a Series of Notes it is possible that a Holder may be deprived of its indi-
vidual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
such right passing to the Holders' Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the 
rights of all the Holders of the relevant Series of Notes. 
Holders may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain events of default if the de-
fault notices are not delivered by the quorum of Holders required under the SchVG or if such acceleration is 
rescinded by majority resolution of the Holders. 
The Terms and Conditions provide that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the Notes due 
and payable shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default notices from Holders 
representing at least 25 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding. Under the SchVG, 
even if a default notice is given by a sufficient number of Holders, this could be rescinded by majority resolution 
within three months. A simple majority of votes would be sufficient for a resolution on the rescission of such 
acceleration but, in any case, more Holders would have to consent to a rescission than have delivered default 
notices. Holders should be aware that, as a result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the 
occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required quorum of Holders delivers default notices and such 
acceleration is not rescinded by majority resolution of the Holders.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in the Notes; they are not recommendations to buy or 
hold securities, and are subject to revision, suspension, or withdrawal at any time. 
We expect that one or more independent credit rating agencies will assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed 
herein, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell, or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension, or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. 
No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for any given period of time or that a credit 
rating will not be reduced or withdrawn entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so 
warrant. Any suspension, reduction, or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes by one or 
more of the credit rating agencies may adversely affect the cost and terms and conditions of our financings and 
could adversely affect the value and trading of such Notes. 
2. Risks relating to the Guarantor and the Guarantee 
U.S. federal and state laws allow courts, under specific circumstances, to declare the Guarantee void and to 
require Holders to return payments received from the Guarantor. 
Insolvency proceedings with regard to the Guarantor would most likely be based on and governed by the insol-
vency laws of the United States, either federal bankruptcy laws under title 11 of the United States Code (the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Code) or any applicable state law insolvency proceedings.  
Under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or comparable provisions of state fraudulent transfer laws, the issuance of the 
Guarantee could be voided, or claims in respect of liens or obligations evidenced thereby could be subordinated 
to all of the other debts and other liabilities of the Guarantor, if, among other things, at the time the Guarantor 
issued the Guarantee, the Guarantor (a) intended to hinder, delay or defraud any present or future creditor; or 
(b) received less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration for the incurrence of such indebtedness 
and, in the case of (b) the Guarantor: 
 
was insolvent or rendered insolvent by reason of such incurrence; 
 
was engaged (or about to be engaged) in a business or transaction for which the Guarantor's remaining 
assets constituted unreasonably small capital; or  
 
intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they ma-
ture. 
The measures of insolvency for purposes of determining whether a fraudulent transfer occurred vary depending 
upon the law applied in any proceeding with respect to the foregoing. Generally, however, the Guarantor could 
be considered insolvent if: 
 
the sum of its debts, including contingent liabilities, was greater than the fair value of all of its assets; 
 
the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required to pay its 
probable liabilities on its existing debts, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and ma-
ture; or 
 
it could not pay its debts as they become due. 
We cannot assure you as to what standard a court would apply in order to determine whether the Guarantor 
was 'insolvent' as of the date the Guarantee was issued, and we cannot assure you that, regardless of the 
method of valuation, a court would not determine that the Guarantor was insolvent on that date. The Guarantee

--- Page 40 ---
40 
could be subject to the claim that, since the Guarantee was incurred for our benefit, the obligations of the Guar-
antor thereunder were incurred for less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration. 
The Guarantee entered into by the Guarantor will contain a provision intended to limit the Guarantor's liability 
to the maximum amount that it could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under the Guarantee 
to be fraudulent transfers. However, it is not assured that this limitation will protect the Guarantee from fraud-
ulent transfer challenges or, if it does, that the remaining amount due and collectible under the Subsidiary Guar-
antee would suffice, if necessary, to pay the Notes in full when due. 
The Guarantor obtains substantially all of its income from its subsidiaries, and the holding company structure 
may limit the Guarantor's ability to benefit from the assets of its subsidiaries. In addition, the Guarantee will 
be effectively subordinated to the Guarantor's debt to the extent such debt is secured by assets that are not 
also securing the Notes. 
The Guarantor is an indirect and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer and functions exclusively as principal 
holding company for our North American business operations. It has no independent material operations, and 
derives substantially all of its revenue and cash from its operating subsidiaries. The Guarantor's ability to meet 
its obligations on its Note Guarantee is dependent upon the profitability and cash flow of its subsidiaries and 
payments by such subsidiaries to it in the form of loans, dividends, fees, or otherwise, which are in turn subject 
to many of the same limitations, risks and uncertainties described above. 
No other subsidiaries of the Issuer or the Guarantor will guarantee the Notes. Certain of the non-guarantor 
subsidiaries are obligors under other indebtedness and could incur additional indebtedness in the future if such 
additional indebtedness is permitted by our Syndicated Credit Facility and other financing agreements. In addi-
tion to our senior indebtedness, our non-guarantor subsidiaries have liabilities which would be structurally sen-
ior to the Notes and the Note Guarantees. Holders of the Notes will not have any direct claim on the cash flow 
or assets of our non-guarantor subsidiaries and such subsidiaries will have no obligation, contingent or other-
wise, to pay amounts due under the Notes or the Note Guarantees or to make funds available to us or the other 
guarantors to satisfy those payments. See also "1. Risks Relating to the Nature and Ranking of the Notes – The 
Notes and the Guarantee will be effectively subordinated to secured debt of the Issuer and the Guarantor to the 
extent such debt is secured by assets that are not also securing the Notes" above. 
To the extent the Guarantor or any of its subsidiaries provide security interest over their assets for the benefit of 
other debt without also securing the Notes, the Guarantee could be effectively junior to such debt to the extent 
of such assets. As a result, holders of (present or future) secured debt of the Guarantor may recover dispropor-
tionately more on their claims than the Holders in an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding of the Guar-
antor. The Guarantor may not have sufficient assets remaining to make payments under the Guarantee. 
In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or similar proceeding, the guarantors' right 
to receive any assets of any of its respective subsidiaries or other affiliates, as well as the right of the holders of 
the Notes to participate in the distribution of or realize proceeds from those assets, will be structurally subordi-
nated to the claims of creditors of those subsidiaries and affiliates, including their trade creditors and holders of 
other indebtedness of our subsidiaries. Accordingly, there might be only a limited amount of assets available to 
satisfy your claims as a holder of the Notes against the Guarantor upon an acceleration of the maturity of the 
Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
The Issuer is not restricted from incurring additional debt. The proceeds from the enforcement of the Guaran-
tee may not be sufficient to satisfy the obligations under the Notes. 
The Notes will be guaranteed by the Guarantee as specified in the Terms and Conditions. However, the Terms 
and Conditions will allow both the Issuer and the Guarantor to incur additional indebtedness in the future, which 
may be secured, provided that such additional indebtedness is permitted by our Syndicated Credit Facility and 
other financing agreements. Any such incurrence of additional indebtedness could accentuate the risks to Hold-
ers of the Notes. The amount to be received upon an enforcement of the Guarantee would be dependent on 
numerous factors affecting the financial situation of the Guarantor at the time of its enforcement, including its 
other debt obligations. In the event of a foreclosure, liquidation, bankruptcy or similar proceeding, the Guaran-
tor's funds available for payments under the Guarantee may not be sufficient to repay the obligations under the 
Notes. See also "I. Risks Relating to the Issuer and the Group – 5. Risks Relating to Our Financial Condition and 
Our Securities – Despite our existing indebtedness, we may still be able to incur significantly more debt; this could 
intensify the previous risk" above. 
Each Holder might have to individually enforce its claims in respect of the Guarantee directly against the Guar-
antor. 
The Guarantee will constitute a contract for the benefit of the Holders as third party beneficiaries in accordance 
with Section 328(1) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). As a consequence, each Holder will 
have the right to demand payment directly from the Guarantor under the Guarantee and to enforce the Guar-
antee directly against the Guarantor. However, this also means that each Holder must also take individual legal 
actions and implement legal enforcement proceedings not only against the Issuer, but also against the Guarantor 
and must also bear the costs and risks arising from these additional legal procedures.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE PROSPECTUS 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing the Notes is entitled 
to use the Prospectus in Luxembourg and Germany for the subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant 
Notes during the respective offer period (as determined in the applicable Final Terms) during which subsequent 
resale or final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, if and to the extent specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided however, that the Prospectus is still valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus Reg-
ulation. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the content of the Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms also with 
respect to such subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes. 
Such consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by the financial intermediaries may be re-
stricted to certain jurisdictions and subject to conditions as stated in the applicable Final Terms. The Prospectus 
may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before such delivery. Any 
supplement to the Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the web site of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). When using the Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial in-
termediary must make certain that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective 
jurisdictions. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary, the Dealer and/or the 
further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer 
at the time the offer is made. 
Any Dealer and/or further financial intermediary using the Prospectus has to state on its website that it uses 
the Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached thereto.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The legal name of the Issuer is "Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA". The Issuer and its subsidiaries conduct 
their business under the commercial name "Fresenius Medical Care". 
The Issuer is a holding company organized and existing under the laws of Germany. The Issuer was originally 
incorporated on August 5, 1996 as a stock corporation and transformed into a partnership limited by shares 
(Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) with a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) as a general partner 
upon registration on February 10, 2006. 
The Issuer has its registered office (Sitz) in Hof an der Saale, Germany, and is registered with the commercial 
register of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Hof, Germany, under the registration number HRB 4019. Its registered 
business address, and its principal office, is Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad Homburg v. d. H. Germany, and its 
telephone number is +49-6172-609-0. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300CP8NY40UP89Q40. 
The website of the Issuer is 'www.freseniusmedicalcare.com'. The information on this website does not form 
part of the Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF. 
CORPORATE PURPOSE 
Under Article 2 of its articles of association, the objects of the Issuer are: 
 
the development, production and distribution of, as well as the trading in, products, systems and proce-
dures in the areas of medical care and health care, including dialysis and associated forms of treatment, 
as well as the provision of any services in such areas; 
 
the projecting, planning, establishment, acquisition and operation of health care businesses, including 
dialysis centers, also in separate enterprises or through third parties as well as the participation in such 
dialysis centers; 
 
the development, production and distribution of other pharmaceutical products and the provision of ser-
vices in this field; 
 
the provision of advice in the medical and pharmaceutical areas as well as scientific information and doc-
umentation; 
 
the provision of laboratory services for dialysis and non-dialysis patients and homecare medical services. 
The articles of association provide that the Issuer will operate itself or through subsidiaries at home and abroad. 
Under Article 2 of the articles of association, the Issuer shall be entitled to enter into any and all business trans-
actions and take any and all measures which seem to be necessary or useful to achieve the objects of the Issuer 
and may, in particular, participate in other enterprises of the same or similar kind, take over the management 
and/or the representation of such enterprises, transfer company divisions, including essential company divi-
sions, to enterprises in which it holds an interest and establish branches at home and abroad. 
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
The Issuer's principal activity is to act as holding company for its subsidiaries, which provide dialysis care and 
related services to persons who suffer from ESKD as well as other health care services, and which develop and 
manufacture a wide variety of health care products, which include both dialysis and non-dialysis products. For 
details on the Issuer's principal activities, please refer to "Business of the Group" below.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The following diagram depicts in abbreviated form, the corporate structure of the Issuer and its significant sub-
sidiaries as of the date of the Prospectus:  
 
 
1 
The Guarantor, Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. is the Issuer's major subsidiary, as this entity owns and consolidates 
all the operating subsidiaries of the Group in the US. The Guarantor, together with its consolidated subsidiaries referred 
to as the North America Segment (as defined below) in the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, which were 
prepared in accordance with IFRS, generated 69% of the Group's consolidated revenue and 89% of the Group's consoli-
dated operating income in 2021.  
 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA
Germany 
Public shareholders  
approximately 67.8% of
ordinary shares 
Fresenius Medical Care 
 AG & Co. KGaA 
Germany 
100 % 
Fresenius Medical Care 
Deutschland GmbH 
Germany 
Fresenius Medical Care
Management AG 
Germany 
Sole
General 
Partner
100 % 
(indirect) 
National Medical Care, 
Inc. 
Delaware, USA 
Fresenius Medical Care
Holdings, Inc. 
New York, USA1 
Fresenius Medical Care 
North America Holdings 
Limited Partnership 
Delaware, USA  
100 %
100 %
100 %
Renal Care Group, Inc. 
Delaware, USA  
100 % direct or 
indirect as well as 
noncontrolling in-
terests 
approximately 32.2% of
ordinary shares 
Other international 
business 
100 % 
(indirect)

--- Page 45 ---
45 
MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
General 
The Issuer acts as the ultimate holding company of the Group. As a partnership limited by shares (Kommanditge-
sellschaft auf Aktien) under the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz – AktG) with a German stock cor-
poration (Aktiengesellschaft) as general partner, the corporate bodies of the Issuer are the general partner, the 
supervisory board (the Supervisory Board) and the general meeting of shareholders.  
The Issuer's sole general partner is Fresenius Medical Care Management AG (the General Partner), a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (Fresenius SE). The General Partner is required to devote itself 
exclusively to the management of the Issuer. The General Partner has a supervisory board and a management 
board. These two boards are separate and no individual may simultaneously serve as a member on both boards. 
A person may, however, serve on both the supervisory board of the General Partner and on the Supervisory 
Board. 
Management Board of the General Partner 
Each member of the management board of the General Partner (the Management Board) is appointed by the 
supervisory board of the General Partner for a maximum term of five years and is eligible for reappointment 
thereafter. Our General Partner's supervisory board has resolved an age limit for the Management Board mem-
bers. Board members of the General Partner shall, as a rule, retire from the Management Board at the end of 
the calendar year in which they reach the age of 65 years. The age limit for Management Board members does 
not apply to the current term of office of Mr. Rice Powell. 
On November 2, 2021 we entered the next phase of our FME25 Program: the transformation of our operating 
model to provide the base for future sustainable growth. In the new model, we intend to reorganize our business 
in two global operating segments beginning in 2023. See "BUSINESS OF THE GROUP – OUR STRUCTURE" and 
"RISK FACTORS – I. Risks Relating to the Issuer and the Group – –3. Risks Relating to Our Business Activities and 
Industry – Our sales and earnings growth depends, in part, on our ability to develop and expand our core dialysis 
and non-core businesses, efficiently manage costs within those businesses, as well as realize anticipated cost 
savings within our expected timeframe". New reporting lines reflecting this proposed operating model became 
effective January 1, 2022, and are reflected in the information provided below for the Management Board. 
The table below provides names, positions and principal activities outside the Group of the current members of 
the Management Board at the date of the Prospectus:  
 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Group 
Mr. Rice Powell 
Chief Executive Officer 
and Chairman of the 
Management Board 
Member of the management board of Frese-
nius Management SE  
Deputy chairman of the board of administration 
of Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma 
Ltd. 
Ms. Helen Giza 
Chief Financial Officer 
and 
Chief 
Transfor-
mation Officer  
None

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Mr. William Valle 
Management 
Board 
member responsible for 
Care Delivery 
None 
Dr. Katarzyna Mazur-Hofsäß 
Management Board 
member responsible for 
Care Enablement 
Member of the board of administration of Vifor 
Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma Ltd. 
Non-executive member of the board of direc-
tors of Smith & Nephew plc. 
Franklin W. Maddux, MD 
Global 
Chief 
Medical 
Officer 
Member of the board of administration of Vifor 
Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma Ltd. 
Non-executive member of the board of direc-
tors of Goldfinch Bio, Inc. 
Issuer's board observer at Humacyte, Inc. 
The business address of all members of our Management Board of the General Partner is Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 
61352 Bad Homburg, Germany. 
On May 3, 2022, the Issuer announced that the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Management Board, 
Rice Powell, will be succeeded by Dr. Carla Kriwet effective January 1, 2023. In accordance with the Issuer's age 
limit for Management Board members, Rice Powell is stepping down from his position when his contract ends 
on December 31, 2022, after 10 years of heading the Issuer. Dr. Carla Kriwet will also become a member of the 
management board of Fresenius Management SE. Dr. Carla Kriwet was most recently Chief Executive Officer and 
President of BSH Hausgeräte GmbH. From 2013 to 2020, she was with the health technology company Royal 
Philips N.V. in the United States and was a member of the company's Executive Board since 2017. At Royal Philips 
N.V., she headed the Connected Care division, which includes the business areas Patient Care and Monitoring 
Solutions as well as Healthcare Informatics. Previously, Dr. Carla Kriwet was a member of the Executive Board 
of the non-governmental organization Save the Children Germany, in Berlin, and Chief Sales & Marketing Officer 
at the medical technology company Drägerwerk in Lübeck, Germany. Between 2003 and 2010 she held various 
management positions in the strategy department and in the Healthcare division of Linde AG, lastly as Head of 
Linde Healthcare Europe. Before that, she spent six years with the Boston Consulting Group, where, among other 
responsibilities, she headed consulting projects in healthcare. Dr. Carla Kriwet started her career in project man-
agement at ABB Daimler-Benz Transportation in India in 1995 after working as a volunteer for an SOS Children’s 
Village in Burundi and studying business at Switzerland’s University of St. Gallen, where she graduated with a 
doctorate degree. 
Additionally, Helen Giza, Chief Financial Officer and member of the Management Board, has entered a new five-
year contract and, in addition to her current positions as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Transformation Officer 
of the General Partner, will assume the position of Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the General Partner. 
Supervisory Board of the General Partner 
The supervisory board of the General Partner consists of six members who are elected by Fresenius SE (acting 
through its general partner, Fresenius Management SE), the sole shareholder of the General Partner. Pursuant 
to a pooling agreement for the benefit of the public holders of our shares, at least one-third (but no fewer than 
two) of the members of the General Partner's supervisory board are required to be independent directors as 
defined in the pooling agreement, i.e., persons with no substantial business or professional relationship with us, 
Fresenius SE, the General Partner, or any affiliate of any of them, other than as a member of the General Part-
ner's supervisory board, our Supervisory Board, or both. For details, see "Pooling Agreement" below.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Unless resolved otherwise by Fresenius SE in the general meeting of shareholders of the General Partner, the 
terms of each of the members of the supervisory board of the General Partner will expire at the end of the 
ordinary general meeting of shareholders held during the fourth fiscal year following the year in which the re-
spective member was elected by Fresenius SE, but not counting the fiscal year in which such member's term 
begins. Fresenius SE, as the sole shareholder of the General Partner, is at any time entitled to re-appoint mem-
bers of the General Partner's supervisory board. The most recent election of members of the General Partner's 
supervisory board took place on May 20, 2021. Members of the General Partner's supervisory board may be 
removed only by a court decision or by a resolution of Fresenius SE in its capacity as sole shareholder of the 
General Partner. Neither our shareholders nor our separate Supervisory Board has any influence on the appoint-
ment of the supervisory board of the General Partner. 
The General Partner's supervisory board ordinarily acts by simple majority vote and the Chairman has a tie-
breaking vote in case of any deadlock. The principal function of the General Partner's supervisory board is to 
appoint and to supervise the General Partner's management board in its management of the Group, and to 
approve mid-term planning, dividend payments and other matters which are not in the ordinary course of busi-
ness and are of fundamental importance to us. The General Partner's supervisory board is also responsible for 
determining the compensation for the individual members of the Management Board as well as determining 
and reviewing the compensation system for the members of the Management Board. 
The table below provides the names, functions and principal activities outside of the Group of the current mem-
bers of the supervisory board of the General Partner. Dr. Schenk, Mr. Classon, Mr. Sorensen and Ms. Witz are 
also members of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer. See "Supervisory Board" below. 
 
Name 
Function 
Principal activities outside the Group 
Mr. Stephan Sturm 
Chairman(1),(2) 
Chairman of the management board of Frese-
nius Management SE  
Chairman of the supervisory board of Fresenius 
Kabi AG and Vamed AG 
Dr. Dieter Schenk 
Vice Chairman(1),(2),(4) 
Chairman of the supervisory board of Gabor 
Shoes AG, HWT invest AG and TOPTICA Photon-
ics AG 
Vice Chairman of the supervisory board of 
Fresenius Management SE 
Chairman of the foundation board and of the 
economic council (Wirtschaftsrat) of Else 
Kröner-Fresenius-Stiftung 
Mr. Rolf A. Classon 
Member(1),(3),(4),(5) 
Chairman and non-executive member of the 
board of directors of Perrigo Company plc 
Non-executive member of the board of direc-
tors of Catalent, Inc. 
Ms. Rachel Empey 
Member 
Chief Financial Officer and member of the man-
agement board of Fresenius Management SE 
Vice Chairman of the supervisory board of 
Fresenius Kabi AG and member of the

--- Page 48 ---
48 
supervisory board of Bayerische Motoren 
Werke Aktiengesellschaft 
Mr. Gregory Sorensen, MD 
Member(5) 
Chief Executive Officer of DeepHealth, Inc. and 
Executive Chairman of the board of directors of 
IMRIS (Deerfield Imaging, Inc.)  
Member of the supervisory board of Siemens 
Healthineers AG 
Ms. Pascale Witz 
Member(3),(5) 
 
President of PWH ADVISORS 
Non-executive member of the board of direc-
tors of Regulus Therapeutics Inc., Horizon Ther-
apeutics plc and PerkinElmer Inc. 
(1) Member of the Human Resources Committee of the supervisory board of the General Partner. 
(2) Member of the Nomination Committee of the supervisory board of the General Partner. 
(3) Member of the Audit and Corporate Governance Committee of the Supervisory Board.  
(4) Member of the Nomination Committee of the Supervisory Board.  
(5) Independent director for purposes of our pooling agreement.  
The business address of all members of the supervisory board of the General Partner is Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 
61352 Bad Homburg, Germany. 
Supervisory Board 
Our Supervisory Board consists of six members who are elected by the shareholders of the Issuer in a general 
meeting. Generally, the terms of office of the members of the Supervisory Board will expire at the end of the 
general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer, in which the shareholders discharge the Supervisory Board for 
the fourth fiscal year following the year in which they were elected, but not counting the fiscal year in which 
such member's term begins. The most recent regular elections took place on May 20, 2021. The Supervisory 
Board has further resolved an age limit for its members and shall, as a rule, only include persons who have not 
reached the age of 75 years at the time of their election or appointment. Before the expiration of their term, 
members of the Supervisory Board may be removed only by a court decision or by a resolution of the sharehold-
ers of the Issuer with a majority of three quarters of the votes cast at such general meeting.  
The principal function of the Supervisory Board is to oversee the management of the Issuer but, in this function, 
the supervisory board of a partnership limited by shares has less power and scope for influence than the super-
visory board of a stock corporation. The Supervisory Board is not entitled to appoint the General Partner or its 
executive bodies, nor may it subject the General Partner's management measures to its consent or issue rules 
of procedure for the general partner. Only the supervisory board of the General Partner, elected solely by Frese-
nius SE, has the authority to appoint or remove members of the General Partner's Management Board. Among 
other matters, the Supervisory Board will, together with the General Partner, determine the agenda for the 
Issuer's annual general meeting (AGM) and make recommendations with respect to the approval of the Issuer's 
financial statements and dividend proposals. The Supervisory Board will also propose nominees for election as 
members of the Supervisory Board. The Audit and Corporate Governance Committee of the Supervisory Board 
also recommends to the Supervisory Board a candidate as the Issuer's auditor to audit our German statutory 
financial statements to be proposed by the Supervisory Board to our shareholders for approval and, as required 
by the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) audit committee rules, retains the services of our independ-
ent auditors to audit our International Financial Reporting Standards (as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board) financial statements included in the periodic reports that we file with the SEC.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Fresenius SE, as the sole shareholder of the General Partner is barred from voting for election and/or removal 
of members of the Supervisory Board as well as from voting on discharge of the Supervisory Board, but it nev-
ertheless has and will retain significant influence over the membership of the Supervisory Board in the foresee-
able future.  
The table below provides the names, functions and principal activities outside of the Group of the current mem-
bers of the Supervisory Board Prof. Dr. Gregor Zünd and Dr. Dorothea Wenzel. For information regarding Messrs. 
Schenk (Chairman), Classon (Vice Chairman), Sorensen and Ms. Witz, Supervisory Board members who are also 
members of the supervisory board of our General Partner, see "Supervisory Board of the General Partner" above. 
Name 
Function 
Principal activities outside of the Group 
Prof. Dr. Gregor Zünd 
Member 
Chief Executive Officer of the University Hospi-
tal of Zurich 
Dr. Dorothea Wenzel 
Member(1),(2), (3) 
Non-executive member of the board of direc-
tors of DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. and H. Lundberg 
A/S 
(1) Member of the Audit and Corporate Governance Committee of the Supervisory Board. 
(2) Member of the Nomination Committee of the Supervisory Board.  
(3) Lead Independent Director of the Supervisory Board. 
The business address of all members of the Supervisory Board is Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad Homburg v. d. 
H., Germany. 
Conflicts of Interest of the Members of the Corporate Bodies 
Some members of the Management Board and other members of the Issuer's management are also members 
of the management board and/or members of the management of subsidiaries of the Issuer. The Chief Executive 
Officer of the Management Board also serves on the management board of the general partner of Fresenius SE 
and Ms. Rachel Empey, a member of the supervisory board of the General Partner, is also the Chief Financial 
Officer of the management board of the general partner of Fresenius SE. As described above, some members of 
the supervisory board of the General Partner also serve on the Supervisory Board, and the Chairman of the 
supervisory board of the General Partner is also the Chief Executive Officer of the management board of the 
general partner of Fresenius SE. Dr. Dieter Schenk, the Chairman of our Supervisory Board and Vice Chairman of 
the supervisory board of the General Partner, is Chairman of the foundation board of Else Kröner-Fresenius-
Stiftung, the sole shareholder of Fresenius Management SE as well as a shareholder of Fresenius SE. He is also a 
member and chairman of the economic council (Wirtschaftsrat) of the Else Kröner-Fresenius-Stiftung, which, 
since the termination of the execution of the estate of Mrs. Else Kröner in June 2018, carries out the tasks pre-
viously performed by the executors and which include the administration of the Else Kröner-Fresenius-Stiftung's 
participation in Fresenius SE and the exercise of the voting rights attached thereto. 
Although the interests of the Issuer and its subsidiaries are generally in line with each other, there can be no 
assurance that conflicts of interests will not arise in certain instances. These potential conflicts of interests could 
be particularly important in light of the shareholding of Fresenius SE in the Issuer and Fresenius SE's ownership 
of the Issuer's General Partner. The AktG and the German Corporate Governance Code (Deutscher Corporate 
Governance Kodex, the Code) contain provisions that aim to protect affected companies from the negative ef-
fects of potential conflicts of interest. 
As of the date of the Prospectus , there are no potential conflicts of interests between the obligations of the 
members of the management board and the supervisory board of the General Partner towards the Issuer and

--- Page 50 ---
50 
their private interests or other obligations. Furthermore, as of the date of the Prospectus, there are also no 
potential conflicts of interests between the obligations of the members of the Supervisory Board of the Issuer 
towards the Issuer and their private interests or other obligations. 
Pooling Agreement 
Prior to the transformation of legal form of the Issuer from a German Stock Corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) to 
a partnership limited by shares (Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) which became effective in February 2006, 
the Issuer, Fresenius SE and the independent directors (as defined in the pooling agreements referred to below) 
of the Issuer were parties to two pooling agreements for the benefit of the holders of our ordinary shares and 
the holders of our preference shares (other than Fresenius SE and its affiliates). Upon consummation of the 
transformation in February 2006 and completion of the conversion offer made to holders of our preference 
shares in connection with the transformation, the Issuer entered into a pooling agreement (the Pooling Agree-
ment) that the Issuer believes provides similar benefits for its shareholders. The following is a summary of the 
material provisions of the Pooling Agreement which we have entered into with Fresenius SE and the independ-
ent directors (as defined in the Pooling Agreement) on the General Partner's supervisory board. The description 
is qualified in its entirety by the complete text of the Pooling Agreement, as amended in 2016, a copy of which 
is on file with the SEC. 
General 
The Pooling Agreement was originally entered into for the benefit of all persons who, from time to time, bene-
ficially own our ordinary shares and our preference shares, including owners of American Depositary Shares 
(ADSs) evidencing such shares, other than Fresenius SE and its affiliates or their agents and representatives. 
Under the Pooling Agreement, beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the beneficial ownership 
rules of the SEC, which define "beneficial ownership" as the power to vote or direct the vote, or the power to 
dispose or direct the disposition, of a security. Upon completion of the mandatory exchange of our remaining 
outstanding preference shares for ordinary shares in 2013, our share capital consists solely of ordinary shares.  
Under the Pooling Agreement, no less than one-third of the supervisory board of the General Partner must be 
independent directors, and there must be at least two independent directors. Independent directors on the 
General Partner's supervisory board are persons without a substantial business or professional relationship with 
us, Fresenius SE, or any affiliate of either, other than as a member of the Supervisory Board or as a member of 
the supervisory board of the General Partner. The provisions of the Pooling Agreement relating to independent 
directors are in addition to the requirement of Rule 10A-3 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 
Exchange Act) that our audit committee be composed solely of independent directors as defined in that rule. 
We have identified the members of the General Partner's supervisory board who are independent for purposes 
of the Pooling Agreement in "Supervisory Board of the General Partner" above.  
Additionally, under the Pooling Agreement, the Issuer, our affiliates, the General Partner and Fresenius SE, as 
well as their affiliates, must comply with all provisions of German law regarding: any merger, consolidation, sale 
of all or substantially all assets, recapitalization, other business combination, liquidation or other similar action 
not in the ordinary course of our business, any issuance of ordinary shares representing more than 10% of our 
total ordinary shares outstanding, and any amendment to our organizational documents (articles of association) 
which adversely affects any holder of ordinary shares.  
In the Pooling Agreement, we have agreed to obtain Directors & Officers liability insurance for the members of 
the Supervisory Board and the members of the supervisory board of the General Partner in accordance with 
customary and usual practices followed by public corporations in the United States, to the extent such insurance 
is available at commercially reasonable rates and on commercially reasonable terms and conditions.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Lastly, the Issuer and the General Partner and Fresenius SE have agreed that while the Pooling Agreement is in 
effect, a majority of the independent directors (as defined in the Pooling Agreement) must approve any trans-
action or contract, or any series of related transactions or contracts, between Fresenius SE, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates (other than us or our controlled affiliates), on the one hand, and us or our controlled 
affiliates, on the other hand, which involves aggregate payments in any calendar year in excess of EUR 5 million 
for each individual transaction or contract, or a related series of transactions or contracts, though limitations 
apply with regards to agreements included in previously approved business plans. These provisions of the Pool-
ing Agreement are in addition to the requirements of Section 111b paragraph 1 AktG, under which transactions 
between the Issuer and a related party having an economic value that (alone or together with transactions with 
the same related party within the current fiscal year) exceeds 1.5% of the sum of fixed and current assets in-
cluded in the consolidated financial statements require approval by the Supervisory Board, and Section 111c 
paragraph 1 AktG requiring publication of certain details of such transactions without undue delay. 
Listing of American depositary shares; SEC filings 
During the term of the Pooling Agreement, Fresenius SE has agreed to use its best efforts to exercise its rights 
as the direct or indirect holder of the General Partner's interest in the Issuer to cause the Issuer to, and the 
Issuer has agreed to:  
 
maintain the effectiveness of the deposit agreement for the ordinary shares, or a similar agreement, and 
to assure that the ADSs evidencing the ordinary shares are listed on either the NYSE or the Nasdaq Stock 
Market;  
 
file all reports, required by the NYSE or the Nasdaq Stock Market, as applicable, the Securities Act, the 
Exchange Act and all other applicable laws;  
 
prepare all financial statements required for any SEC filing in accordance with the generally accepted 
accounting principles in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) or, as permitted by amendments made 
in 2016, International Financial Reporting Standards (as issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board);  
 
on an annual basis, prepare audited consolidated financial statements, and, on a quarterly basis, prepare 
and furnish to the SEC under cover of a Form 6-K, unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements in each case prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or, as permitted by amendments made 
in 2016, International Financial Reporting Standards (as issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board);  
 
furnish materials to the SEC with respect to annual and special shareholder meetings under cover of Form 
6-K and make the materials available to the depositary for distribution to holders of Ordinary Share ADSs; 
and  
 
make available to the depositary for distribution to holders of ADSs representing the ordinary shares on 
an annual basis, a copy of any report prepared by the Supervisory Board or the supervisory board of the 
General Partner and provided to the Issuer's shareholders generally pursuant to Section 314(2) of the 
AktG, or any successor provision. These reports concern the results of the supervisory board's examina-
tion of the management board's report on the Issuer's relation with affiliated enterprises.  
Term 
The Pooling Agreement will terminate if: 
 
Fresenius SE or its affiliates acquire all our voting shares; 
 
Fresenius SE's beneficial ownership of our outstanding share capital is reduced to less than 25%;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
Fresenius SE or an affiliate of Fresenius SE ceases to own the shares in our General Partner; or 
 
we no longer meet the minimum threshold for obligatory registration of the ordinary shares or ADSs 
representing our ordinary shares under Section 12(g)(1) of the Exchange Act and Rule 12g-1 thereunder. 
Amendment 
The Issuer and a majority of the independent directors (as defined in the Pooling Agreement) on the General 
Partner's supervisory board may amend the pooling agreement, provided, that beneficial owners of 75% of the 
ordinary shares held by shareholders other than Fresenius SE and its affiliates at a general meeting of sharehold-
ers approve such amendment. 
Enforcement; governing law 
The Pooling Agreement is governed by New York law and may be enforced in the state and federal courts of 
New York. The Issuer and Fresenius SE have confirmed their intention to abide by the terms of the Pooling 
Agreement as described above. 
Corporate Governance 
The Code contains recommendations and suggestions for managing and monitoring German listed companies. 
It is based on internationally and nationally recognized standards for good and responsible corporate govern-
ance. The purpose of the Code is, among other things, to make the German corporate governance system trans-
parent for investors. The Code was originally passed by the Government Commission of the German Code (the 
Commission) on February 26, 2002. The latest version of the Code was adopted by the Commission on Decem-
ber 16, 2019 and came into force with the subsequent publication in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) on 
March 20, 2020. 
There is no legal obligation to comply with the recommendations or suggestions of the Code. However, the AktG 
requires that the management board and the supervisory board of a German listed company declare on an 
annual basis that the recommendations of the Code were and will be complied with or which recommendations 
were or will not be complied with and, if so, state the reasons. The declaration must be available to shareholders 
on a constant basis. No disclosure is required when companies deviate from suggestions in the Code. 
The Supervisory Board and the Management Board have adopted a declaration of compliance 
(Entsprechenserklärung) in December 2021, which was updated in January 2022, and have made it available to 
shareholders. This declaration, as well as past declarations, is available on the Issuer's website (www.frese-
niusmedicalcare.com) under "Investors – Corporate Governance". 
SHARE CAPITAL 
The Issuer's share capital (Grundkapital) consists solely of ordinary shares without par value (Stückaktien) and a 
nominal value of EUR 1.00 each. These shares are issued in bearer form (Inhaberaktien) and are fully paid up. As 
of March 31, 2022, the Issuer's share capital consisted of 293,027,279 issued and outstanding bearer shares (the 
Ordinary Shares). 
On August 27, 2020, the Issuer conducted its AGM for 2020 (2020 AGM), at which the shareholders of the Issuer 
approved resolutions on the cancellation of the existing authorized capital and the creation of new authorized 
capital including the possibility of the exclusion of subscription rights, and on corresponding amendments to 
Article 4(3) and (4) of the Articles of Association of the Issuer.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
The authorization to repurchase our shares granted by our AGM in 2016 expired in May 2021. On May 20, 2021, 
our AGM created a new authorization to acquire and utilize treasury shares, including the possibility to exclude 
the Shareholders' subscription rights, for a period of five further years, expiring on May 19, 2026. We do not 
currently hold any treasury shares. For information on our share buy-back programs conducted until 2020, see 
note 17 of the Issuer's consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, 
which are incorporated by reference into the Prospectus.  
FISCAL YEAR 
The fiscal year of the Issuer is the calendar year. 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37, 60327 Frank-
furt am Main, Germany (PwC), a member of the German Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkam-
mer), Berlin, audited the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal years ended 
December 31, 2021 and 2020, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional requirements of 
Section 315e(1) of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), and issued unqualified auditor's reports 
(uneingeschränkte Bestätigungsvermerke) thereon.  
At the Issuer's AGM held on May 12, 2022 (2022 AGM), our shareholders elected PwC to serve as our independ-
ent auditors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, for the potential review of interim financial infor-
mation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 prepared after the 2022 AGM and for the potential review 
of interim financial information for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 prepared prior to the AGM in 2023.  
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
We have been informed that as of March 31, 2022, Fresenius SE owned 94,380,382 shares, which corresponds 
to approximately 32.2% of our outstanding shares. As the sole shareholder of our General Partner, Fresenius SE 
is barred from voting its shares on certain matters but has sole power to elect the supervisory board of the 
General partner which, in turn, appoints the Management Board. Through its ownership of the General Partner, 
Fresenius SE is able to exercise de facto management control of the Issuer, even though it owns less than a 
majority of the Issuer's outstanding voting shares. The Else Kröner-Fresenius-Stiftung is the sole shareholder of 
Fresenius Management SE, the general partner of Fresenius SE, and has sole power to elect the supervisory 
board of Fresenius Management SE. In addition, the Else Kröner-Fresenius-Stiftung owned approximately 26.6% 
of the share capital of Fresenius SE on December 31, 2021.  
Pursuant to notifications received by the Issuer in accordance with the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpa-
pierhandelsgesetz – WpHG) through May 11, 2022 and the Issuer's own information, the following shareholders 
directly or indirectly hold more than 3% of the Issuer's shares:  
Shareholder 
 
Share of voting rights (in %) 
Fresenius SE 
 
32.2 
Harris Associates L.P., Wilmington, Delaware, U.S. 
 
4.87 
BlackRock, Inc., Wilmington, Delaware, U.S. 
 
3.14 
Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc., Wilmington, Delaware, U.S. 
 
3.07 
Dodge & Cox, San Francisco, California, U.S. 
 
3.01 
Richard Pzena 
 
3.01

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Apart from the shareholding of Fresenius SE, the percentage values shown in the table above are based on the 
amount of voting rights last notified to the Issuer with regard to the stated reference date by the respective 
shareholder pursuant to sections 33 et seqq. WpHG. Instruments pursuant to sections 38, 39 WpHG were not 
taken into account. It should be noted that the number of voting rights last notified could have changed since 
such notifications were submitted to the Issuer without requiring the relevant shareholder to submit a corre-
sponding voting rights notification if no notifiable thresholds have been reached or crossed.  
Subject to any applicable statutory limitations, all of our outstanding shares have the same voting rights. The 
remaining shares of the Issuer are in free float. 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 
2020, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional requirements of Section 315e(1) of the 
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), with the auditor's reports (Bestätigungsvermerke) thereon of 
PwC, and the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the 
three months ended March 31, 2022, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS applicable to interim finan-
cial reporting (IAS 34), are incorporated by reference into the Prospectus. 
Presentation of Financial Information for the Issuer 
General Information 
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in, or incorporated by 
reference into, the Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and the additional requirements of 
Section 315e(1) of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch). The Issuer uses IFRS to comply with the 
reporting requirements of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) and other German laws, and in 
connection with its periodic reports with the SEC. The Guarantor prepares its consolidated financial statements 
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
Financial statements and other financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS are not necessarily com-
parable to, and could differ from, financial statements and other financial information prepared in accordance 
with U.S. GAAP. For a discussion of some of the significant differences between IFRS and U.S. GAAP, see "Differ-
ences between U.S. GAAP and IFRS Financial Information" below. 
Certain numerical data, financial information and market data in the Prospectus are subject to rounding adjust-
ments that were carried out according to customary commercial standards. As a result, the aggregate amounts 
herein may not correspond in all cases to the data contained in the underlying sources. A dash ("—") indicates 
that no data was reported for a specific line item in the relevant fiscal year or period, while a zero ("0") is used 
when the pertinent figure, after rounding, amounts to nil. 
Where financial information in the following tables is presented as "audited", it indicates that the financial in-
formation has been taken from the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements. The label "unaudited" is 
used in the following tables to indicate financial information that (i) has not been taken, but derived, from the 
Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements, (ii) has been taken or derived from the Issuer's unaudited 
condensed consolidated interim financial statements, (iii) has been taken or derived from the Issuer's accounting 
records or (iv) has been taken or derived from the Issuer's internal management reporting systems.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Certain differences between IFRS and U.S. GAAP financial information 
Financial statements and other financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS are not comparable to, 
and could differ from, financial statements and other financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. 
GAAP. Some of the principal differences between the presentation of financial information under IFRS and U.S. 
GAAP are due to the differing cumulative actuarial gains and losses for pensions, noncontrolling interest subject 
to put provisions, accounting for, and presentation of lease arrangements, contingent purchase considerations, 
obligations from stock incentive plans, as well as recognition and measurement of cost-based investments and 
development costs. Moreover, differences for the assets result from the different accounting treatment of the 
sale of receivables. Potential investors should consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of 
the differences between IFRS and U.S. GAAP and how these differences might affect the financial information 
included in or incorporated into the Prospectus. 
Selected Financial Information for the Issuer 
The selected consolidated financial information below (including ratios) has been taken or derived from our con-
solidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. The below tables summarize the consolidated 
financial information as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 as of and for each of the 
fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. PwC audited the consolidated financial statements as of and for 
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and issued unqualified auditor's reports (uneingeschränkte 
Bestätigungsvermerke) thereon. The selected consolidated financial information as of and for the three months 
ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 has been taken or derived from our unaudited condensed consolidated interim 
financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2022 prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
Our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements were prepared on a basis substantially con-
sistent with our audited consolidated financial statements. 
You should read this information together with the Issuer's consolidated financial statements incorporated by 
reference into the Prospectus. Furthermore, you should regard the selected financial and business data below 
only as an introduction and should base your investment decision on a review of the entire Prospectus. 
Selected Consolidated Statements of Income Data  
 
 
For the three months ended 
March 31, 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
December 31, 
in € millions, except per share amounts 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
 
2021 
(unaudited) 
 
2021 
(audited) 
 
2020 
(audited) 
Revenue 
 
4,548 
 
4,210 
 
17,619 
 
17,859 
Costs of revenue 
 
(3,290) 
 
(3,003) 
 
(12,542)  
 
(12,322) 
Gross profit 
 
1,258 
 
1,207 
 
5,077 
 
5,537 
Selling, general and administrative expense(1) 
 
(870) 
 
(712) 
 
(3,096)  
 
(3,134) 
Research and development expense 
 
(50) 
 
(49) 
 
(221)  
 
(194) 
Income from equity method investees 
 
10 
 
28 
 
92 
 
95 
Operating income 
 
348 
 
474 
 
1,852 
 
2,304 
Interest expense, net 
 
(69) 
 
(76) 
 
(280) 
 
(368) 
Income before income taxes 
 
279 
 
398 
 
1,572 
 
1,936 
Net income attributable to shareholders of 
the Issuer 
 
157 
 
249 
 
969 
 
1,164

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Basic earnings per share 
 
0.54 
 
0.85 
 
3.31 
 
3.96 
Diluted earnings per share  
 
0.54 
 
0.85 
 
3.31 
 
3.96 
(1) 
In the consolidated statements of income, gains in the amounts of EUR 30,779 thousand for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, 
which were previously presented separately within "(Gain) loss related to divestitures of Care Coordination activities," have been in-
cluded within "Selling, general and administrative" expenses to conform to the presentation of 2021 numbers. Therefore, the figure 
presented is taken from the consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
Selected Consolidated Balance Sheet Data 
 
 
As of March 31, 
 
As of December 31, 
In € millions 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
 
2021 
(audited, unless 
stated  
otherwise) 
 
2020 
(audited, unless 
stated  
otherwise) 
Total current assets  
 
8,039 
 
7,967  
 
7,275 
Total assets 
 
34,724 
 
34,367 
 
31,689 
Total current liabilities(1) 
 
6,377 
 
7,258 
 
6,056 
Long-term debt, less current portion 
 
7,452 
 
6,647 
 
6,800 
Total liabilities 
 
20,185 
 
20,388 
 
19,358 
Net debt(2) 
 
12,170 
 
11,838 
 
11,298 
Capital stock – nominal value 
 
293(3) 
 
293(4) 
 
293(5) 
Total equity 
 
14,539 
 
13,979  
 
12,331 
(1) 
In the consolidated balance sheets, "Current provisions and other current liabilities" in the amount of EUR 103,409 thousand related to 
the Issuer's self-insurance programs as of December 31, 2020 have been reclassified to line item "Non-current provisions and other 
non-current liabilities" to conform to the presentation of 2021 numbers. Therefore, the figure presented is taken from the consolidated 
financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
(2) 
Unaudited. Net debt, a Non-GAAP Measure, is defined as the sum of our debt and lease liabilities less our cash and cash equivalents 
and is used in the calculation of net leverage ratio, as defined below. For details see footnote 8 to the table under "—Selected Non-
GAAP Measures" below. 
(3) 
Representing 293,027,279 ordinary bearer shares with no par value, each with a nominal value of EUR 1.00 per share, issued as of 
March 31, 2022. 
(4) 
Representing 293,004,339 ordinary bearer shares with no par value, each with a nominal value of EUR 1.00 per share, issued as of 
December 31, 2021. 
(5) 
Representing 292,876,570 ordinary bearer shares with no par value, each with a nominal value of EUR 1.00 per share, issued as of 
December 31, 2020. 
Selected Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow Data 
 
 
For the three months ended 
March 31, 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
December 31, 
in € millions  
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
 
2021 
(unaudited) 
 
2021 
(audited) 
 
2020 
(audited) 
Net cash provided by (used in) operating  
activities 
 
159 
 
208 
 
2,489 
 
4,233 
Net cash provided by (used in) investing  
activities 
 
(211) 
 
(224) 
 
(1,196) 
 
(1,335) 
Net cash provided by (used in) financing  
activities 
 
(267) 
 
(36) 
 
(1,024) 
 
(2,664)

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 
1,173 
 
1,073 
 
1,482 
 
1,082 
Selected Non-GAAP Measures 
The following alternative performance measures and other financial information set out in the tables below 
include Non-GAAP Measures. We believe this information, along with comparable IFRS measurements, is useful 
to our investors as it provides a basis for assessing our performance, payment obligations related to perfor-
mance-based compensation as well as our compliance with covenants. Non-GAAP Measures should not be 
viewed or interpreted as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with IFRS. The tables 
also include reconciliations of the Non-GAAP Measures to the financial measures that the Issuer believes are the 
most directly comparable measures prepared in accordance with IFRS. The below information as of and for the 
three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 has been derived from our unaudited condensed consolidated 
interim financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2022 prepared in accordance with 
IFRS. The financial information for the twelve months ended March 31, 2022 is unaudited and has been calcu-
lated by taking the condensed consolidated interim financial information for the three months ended March 31, 
2022 and adding it to the difference between the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 
and the three months ended March 31, 2021. The financial information for the twelve months ended March 31, 
2021 is also unaudited and has been calculated by taking the condensed consolidated interim financial infor-
mation for the three months ended March 31, 2021 and adding it to the difference between the results of op-
erations for the year ended December 31, 2020 and the three months ended March 31, 2020. 
 
 
 
For the three months ended 
March 31, 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
December 31, 
in € millions, except where otherwise  
specified and except ratios 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
 
2021 
(unaudited) 
 
2021 
(unaudited) 
 
2020 
(unaudited) 
Operating income margin (in %)(1) 
7.6 
11.3 
10.5 
 
12.9 
Capital expenditures, net(2),(5) 
(160) 
(179) 
(829) 
 
(1,036) 
Net cash provided by (used in) operating ac-
tivities in % of revenue(3),(5) 
3.5 
4.9 
14.1 
 
23.7 
Free cash flow(4),(5) 
(1) 
29 
1,660 
 
3,197 
Free cash flow in % of revenue(5) 
0.0 
0.7 
9.4 
 
17.9 
Adjusted EBITDA(6) 
3,510(7) 
4,052(7) 
3,563 
 
4,140 
Net leverage ratio(8) 
 
3.5 
 
2.9 
 
3.3 
 
2.7 
(1) 
Operating income margin represents the ratio of operating income to revenue. We believe operating income margin shows the profit-
ability of each of our operating segments (not shown here) and our consolidated company.  
(2) 
Capital expenditures, net is defined as capital expenditures (representing the cash outflow for "purchases of property, plant and equip-
ment and capitalized development costs" as presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows of the Issuer's consolidated finan-
cial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and the Issuer's unaudited condensed consolidated 
interim financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021) less proceeds from sales of property, plant 
and equipment. Capital Expenditures, net is an indicator used for internal management. It influences the capital invested for replace-
ment and expansion. 
(3) 
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities is applied to assess whether a business can generate the cash required to make the 
necessary replacement and expansion of investments. This indicator is impacted by the profitability of our business and the develop-
ment of working capital, mainly receivables. Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities in percent of revenue shows the per-
centage of our revenue that is available in terms of financial resources. This measure is an indicator of our operating financial strength. 
(4) 
Free cash flow (net cash provided by (used in) operating activities after capital expenditures, net, before acquisitions and investments), 
a Non-GAAP Measure, refers to the cash flow we have at our disposal including cash flows that may be restricted for other uses, i.e. net 
cash provided by (used in) operating activities after capital expenditures, before acquisitions and investments. This indicator shows the 
percentage of revenue available for acquisitions and investments, dividends to shareholders, reducing debt financing or for repurchas-
ing shares. We believe that the IFRS measure most comparable to free cash flow is net cash provided by (used in) operating activities.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(5) 
The following table shows the cash flow performance indicators for the periods indicated and reconciles free cash flow and free cash 
flow in percent of revenue to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities and net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
in percent of revenue, respectively: 
 
 
For the three months  
ended March 31, 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
December 31, 
In € millions, except ratios 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
 
2021 
(unaudited) 
 
2021 
(unaudited, 
unless 
stated oth-
erwise) 
 
2020 
(unaudited, 
unless 
stated oth-
erwise) 
Revenue 
 
4,548 
 
4,210 
 
17,619(a) 
 
17,859(a) 
Net cash provided by (used in) oper-
ating activities 
 
159 
 
208 
 
2,489(a) 
 
4,233(a) 
 
Capital expenditures 
 
(162) 
 
(184) 
 
(854) 
 
(1,052) 
 
Proceeds from sale of property, 
plant and equipment 
 
2 
 
5 
 
25(a) 
 
16(a) 
Capital expenditures, net 
 
(160) 
 
(179)  
 
(829) 
 
(1,036) 
Free cash flow 
 
(1) 
 
29 
 
1,660 
 
3,197 
Net cash provided by (used in) oper-
ating activities in % of revenue 
 
3.5  
 
4.9 
 
14.1 
 
23.7 
Free cash flow in % of revenue 
 
0.0 
 
0.7 
 
9.4 
 
17.9 
(a) 
Audited. 
(6) 
Our Adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated above is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization as 
adjusted for (i) the effects of acquisitions and divestitures made during the respective twelve-month period with a purchase price above 
a EUR 50 million threshold as defined in the Syndicated Credit Facility (as defined and described under "BUSINESS OF THE GROUP–
MATERIAL CONTRACTS–Syndicated Credit Facility" below), (ii) non-cash charges, (iii) impairment loss, and (iv) special items, including 
costs related to our FME25 Program as well as bad debt expense in Russia and Ukraine and accruals for certain risks associated with 
allowances on inventories related to the Ukraine War (Impacts Related to the Ukraine War). Although to date the Ukraine War has had 
minimal impact on our impairment testing of goodwill in the region, as we continue to treat patients and provide health care products, 
receive reimbursements and generate cash flows, it has had an impact on the valuation of certain assets and receivables as a result of 
the ongoing hostilities. Adjusted EBITDA is used in our capital management and relevant in major financing instruments, including the 
Syndicated Credit Facility. You should not consider Adjusted EBITDA, a Non-GAAP Measure, to be an alternative to net earnings deter-
mined in accordance with IFRS or to cash flow from operations, investing activities or financing activities. In addition, not all funds 
depicted by Adjusted EBITDA are available for management's discretionary use. For example, a substantial portion of such funds are 
subject to contractual restrictions and functional requirements to fund debt service, capital expenditures and other commitments from 
time to time as described in more detail elsewhere in the Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference. The following table 
shows the reconciliation of our Adjusted EBITDA to net income, which we believe to be the most directly comparable IFRS financial 
measure:  
 
For the twelve 
months ended 
March 31,  
For the fiscal year ended  
December 31, 
in € millions 
2022 
(unaudited) 
2021
(audited, un-
less stated oth-
erwise) 
2020
(audited, unless 
stated other-
wise) 
Net Income 
1,127 
1,219 
 
1,435 
Income tax expense 
326 
353 
 
501 
Interest income 
(72) 
(73) 
 
(42) 
Interest expense 
345 
353 
 
410 
Depreciation and amortization 
1,611 
1,586 
 
1,587 
Adjustments(a), (b) 
173 
125 
 
249 
Adjusted EBITDA(a) 
3,510  
3,563 
 
4,140 
(a) 
Unaudited. 
(b) 
Acquisitions and divestitures made for the last twelve months with a purchase price above a EUR 50 million threshold as defined in 
the Syndicated Credit Facility (twelve months ended March 31, 2022: EUR 9 million; fiscal year ended December 31, 2021: EUR 13

--- Page 59 ---
59 
million), non-cash charges, primarily related to pension expense (twelve months ended March 31, 2022: EUR 50 million; fiscal year 
ended December 31, 2021: EUR 49 million; fiscal year ended December 31, 2020: EUR 50 million), impairment loss (twelve months 
ended March 31, 2022: EUR 43 million; fiscal year ended December 31, 2021: EUR 38 million; fiscal year ended December 31, 2020: 
EUR 199 million) and costs related to the FME25 Program (twelve months ended March 31, 2022: EUR 50 million; fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2021: EUR 25 million) and the Impacts Related to the War in Ukraine (twelve months ended March 31, 2022: EUR 21 
million). 
(7) 
Last twelve months. 
(8) 
Our net leverage ratio is a performance indicator used for capital management. To determine the net leverage ratio, net debt (debt and 
lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents) is compared to Adjusted EBITDA. The ratio is an indicator of the length of time the Issuer 
needs to service the net debt out of its own resources. We believe that the net leverage ratio provides alternative information that 
management believes to be useful in assessing our ability to meet our payment obligations in addition to considering the absolute 
amount of our debt. Based upon publicly reported revenue and other estimates prepared using our MCS, we have a strong market 
position in a growing, global and mainly non-cyclical market. Furthermore, most of our customers have a high credit rating as the dialysis 
industry is characterized by stable and sustained cash flows. We believe this enables us to work with a reasonable proportion of debt. 
The following table shows the reconciliation of our net leverage ratio as of March 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021 and 2020: 
 
As of March31, 
As of December 31, 
in € millions, except ratios 
 
2022 
(unaudited) 
 
2021 
(unaudited, un-
less stated oth-
erwise) 
 
2020 
(unaudited, un-
less stated oth-
erwise) 
Debt and lease liabilities(a) 
13,343 
13,320 
 
12,380 
Less Cash and cash equivalents 
1,173 
1,482(c) 
 
1,082(c) 
Net debt 
 
12,170 
 
11,838 
 
11,298 
Adjusted EBITDA 
 
3,510(b) 
 
3,563 
 
4,140 
Net leverage ratio 
 
3.5 
 
3.3 
 
2.7 
(a) 
Debt and lease liabilities includes the following balance sheet line items: short-term debt from unrelated parties, short-term debt 
from related parties, current portion of long-term debt, current portion of lease liabilities from unrelated parties, current portion of 
lease liabilities from related parties, long-term debt, less current portion, lease liabilities from unrelated parties, less current portion 
and lease liabilities from related parties, less current portion as presented in the consolidated balance sheets of the Issuer’s consoli-
dated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and the Issuer's unaudited condensed 
consolidated interim financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2022. 
(b) 
Last twelve months. 
(c) 
Audited. 
TREND INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CHANGES 
Trend Information 
The period since December 31, 2021 was marked by macroeconomic uncertainties caused by the ongoing COVID-
19 pandemic, the Ukraine War and inflationary cost increases, including within our supply chain, and other cost 
increases as set forth or referenced within "I. Risks Relating to the Issuer and the Group – 3. Risks Relating to Our 
Business Activities and Industry", above. The accelerating effects of excess mortality related to COVID-19 are con-
tinuing into 2022 and are expected to continue to have a negative impact on our revenue and net income growth 
for the year. 
Other than the items and risks referenced above, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer since December 31, 2021 and no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 
March 31, 2022. 
Significant Changes in the Group's Financial Position 
Except as described under "Trend Information," above, there has been no significant change in the financial position 
of the Group since March 31, 2022.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Material Changes in the Issuer's Borrowing and Funding Structure 
Since December 31, 2021, there were the following material changes in the Issuer's borrowing and funding struc-
ture: 
 
The bonds issued by Fresenius Medical Care US Finance II, Inc. and guaranteed by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor in the amount of USD 700 million (EUR 533 million as of the date of issuance on January 26, 
2012) were redeemed at maturity on January 31, 2022. 
 
On February 14, 2022, the Issuer issued EUR 25 million and EUR 200 million tranches of Schuldschein 
loans with maturities of 5 and 7 years, respectively, at variable interest rates. The proceeds were used 
for general corporate purposes including refinancing of existing liabilities. 
 
The Issuer restructures its bilateral credit facilities on an ongoing basis and in the ordinary course of busi-
ness to secure liquidity at attractive terms at all times. 
 
The Issuer also has a commercial paper program under which short term debt up to a maximum of 
EUR 1.5 billion may be issued from time to time. As of March 31, 2022, the Issuer utilized EUR 555.5 
million under the commercial paper program. 
 
The Group also has an Accounts Receivable Facility (as defined below) with a maximum capacity of 
USD 900 million (EUR 810.7  million at March 31, 2022). As of March 31, 2022, the Group borrowed 
USD 583.5 million  (EUR 525.6 million) under the Accounts Receivable Facility. 
Other than as indicated above, there have been no material changes in the Issuer's borrowing and funding struc-
ture since December 31, 2021.  
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
For information on the Issuer's legal proceedings, please refer to note 9, "Commitments and contingencies" to 
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements included in our Interim Report Q1 2022, 
which are incorporated by reference into the Prospectus. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Please refer to "Business of the Group – Material Contracts" below.  
RECENT EVENTS 
Please refer to "Business of the Group – Recent Events" below. 
RATING 
The Issuer is rated by the three leading rating agencies:

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
S&P1,2 has assigned a solicited long-term credit rating of BBB3 (outlook stable) to the Issuer.4 
 
Moody's5 has assigned a solicited long-term credit rating of Baa36 (outlook stable) to the Issuer. 
 
Fitch7 has assigned a solicited long-term credit rating of BBB-8 (outlook stable) to the Issuer. 
 
1 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in Ireland and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended by Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 of the Euro-
pean Parliament and of the Council of 11 May 2011 and by Regulation (EC) 2 No 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 21 May 2013 (the CRA Regulation).  
2 
ESMA publishes on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) a list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision 
under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the Euro-
pean Union within 30 days following such update. 
3 
According to S&P: "An obligor rated 'BBB' has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic con-
ditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments. Ratings from 'AA' 
to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the rating categories."  
4 
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity being 
able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time.  
5 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in Germany and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
6 
According to Moody's: "Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may 
possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification […]; 
and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category." 
7 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in Ireland and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
8 
According to Fitch: "BBB' ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial com-
mitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. The modifiers '+' 
or '-' may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories."

--- Page 62 ---
62 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE GUARANTOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The Guarantor is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer. 
The legal name of the Guarantor is "Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc.". The Guarantor conducts its business 
under the commercial name "Fresenius Medical Care North America". 
The Guarantor was incorporated on March 23, 1988 as W.R. Grace & Co. – New York and is organized and exist-
ing under the Business Corporation Law of the State of New York. The State of New York does not issue corporate 
identification numbers to companies organized under New York law. It subsequently changed its name to W.R. 
Grace & Co. In September 1996, in connection with the Issuer's acquisition of all of the outstanding common 
stock of W.R. Grace & Co. (the Merger), it changed its name to Fresenius National Medical Care Holdings, Inc. 
and in June 1997, it changed its name to Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. 
At the time it was acquired by the Issuer in 1996, the Guarantor was primarily engaged in the packaging and 
specialty chemicals businesses and, through National Medical Care, Inc. (NMC), in the health care business, 
providing kidney dialysis services, manufacturing products and equipment for dialysis treatment and performing 
laboratory testing, and home health care services. The Guarantor spun off its non-health care businesses to its 
shareholders immediately before the Issuer acquired the Guarantor. 
The Guarantor's executive offices are located at 920 Winter Street, Waltham, Massachusetts, 02451-1457, 
United States, and its telephone number is +1 (781) 699-9000. The LEI of the Guarantor is 
XTHT88D08CLK11B3GJ82. The websites of the Guarantor are 'www.freseniusmedicalcare.com' and 
'www.fmcna.com'. The information on these websites does not form part of the Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinized or approved by the CSSF. Pursuant to Article Second of the Guarantor's restated certificate of incor-
poration, the Guarantor's business or purposes to be conducted by it is to engage in any lawful act or activity for 
which corporations may be formed under the New York Business Corporations Law. 
CORPORATE PURPOSE 
Under the second paragraph of its Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Guarantor has been organized to 
engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the New York Business Cor-
porations Law. The Guarantor is engaged, through subsidiaries, in providing dialysis treatment at its own dialysis 
clinics, manufacturing dialysis products and supplying those products to its clinics and selling dialysis products 
to other dialysis service providers, and performing clinical laboratory testing and providing inpatient dialysis 
services and other services under contract to hospitals. 
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
The Issuer acts as ultimate holding company of the Group. The Guarantor acts as principal holding company for 
our North American business operations. The Guarantor operates in the North American market. For details on 
the Guarantor's principal activities, please refer to "Business of the Group" below. 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
Please refer to "General Information on the Issuer – Organizational Structure" above.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
SHARE CAPITAL 
As of December 31, 2021, the Guarantor had an authorized share capital of 300,000,000 shares of common 
stock, having a par value of USD 1.00 per share. 
As of December 31, 2021, the Guarantor had 83,985,000 shares of common stock outstanding. All of the out-
standing shares of stock of the Guarantor are indirectly owned by the Issuer. The outstanding shares of the 
Guarantor are fully paid and non-assessable.  
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
The Guarantor has four directors: Rice Powell, Helen Giza, Kent Wanzek and William Valle (CEO). With the ex-
ception of Kent Wanzek, who is a member of the General Partner's executive committee, these directors are 
also members of the General Partner's Management Board; Mr. Powell is also a member of the Management 
Board of the General Partner of Fresenius SE. The business address of the directors is at the executive offices of 
the General Partner. As a privately held company, the Guarantor is not subject to public corporate governance 
standards, but as a subsidiary of the Issuer, may be indirectly subject to such standards. The Guarantor's board 
does not have an audit committee. The Guarantor's shares are not listed or traded on any stock exchange. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of each of the directors of the Guarantor and 
their private interests or other duties of the directors and their duties vis-à-vis the Guarantor. 
At the date of the Prospectus, there are no loans granted or guarantees provided by the Guarantor to any direc-
tor. As there is no general federal corporation law in the United States, the law of the state of incorporation of 
a corporation establishes the framework for its corporate governance. The Guarantor's certificate of incorpora-
tion is consistent with the Business Corporation Law of the State of New York. The Guarantor's shares are not 
listed or traded on any stock exchange. 
FISCAL YEAR 
The fiscal year of the Guarantor is the calendar year. 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 101 Seaport Blvd., Boston, Massachusetts, 02210, United States, audited the con-
solidated financial statements of the Guarantor as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 
2020, which were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. An unqualified auditor's report was issued in respect 
of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as of and for the fiscal years ended Decem-
ber 31, 2021 and 2020 (which contains an emphasis of matter paragraph that describes significant transactions 
with the Issuer), which is incorporated by reference in the Prospectus. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
The Guarantor is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer. For details, please refer to "General Infor-
mation on the Issuer – Organizational Structure" above. 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as of and for the fiscal years ended Decem-
ber 31, 2021 and 2020, prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and the accompanying auditor's reports are 
incorporated by reference into the Prospectus.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Selected Financial Information for the Guarantor 
The following tables summarize the consolidated financial information and certain other information for the 
Guarantor's business prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and for each of 
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. The selected financial information for the fiscal years ended 
December 31, 2021 and 2020 is taken or derived from the Guarantor's audited consolidated financial statements 
as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus. Where financial information in the following tables is presented as 
"audited", it indicates that the financial information has been taken from the Guarantor's audited consolidated 
financial statements. Net debt, which is unaudited, has not been taken, but has been derived, from the Guaran-
tor's audited consolidated financial statements. 
Selected Consolidated Statements of Income Data  
  
  
  
  
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 
in US$ millions 
  
  
2021 
(audited) 
 
2020 
(audited) 
Health Care revenues, net 
  
13,003 
 
12,956 
Medical supplies revenue 
  
  
1,290 
 
1,279 
Expenses 
  
  
12,776 
 
12,580 
Income before income taxes 
  
  
1,517 
 
1,656 
Net income 
  
  
1,187 
 
1,287 
Income attributable to non-controlling interests 
  
  
286 
 
300 
Net income attributable to Guarantor 
  
  
901 
 
987 
Selected Consolidated Balance Sheets Data  
  
  
As of December 31, 
in US$ millions 
2021 
(audited, unless  
stated otherwise) 
2020 
(audited, unless  
stated otherwise) 
Total assets 
  
27,201 
 
27,635 
Total current liabilities 
  
4,322 
 
4,506 
Total liabilities 
  
15,026 
 
15,661 
Total equity 
  
10,864 
 
10,728 
Net debt (1) 
 
9,584 
 
10,120 
 (1) Unaudited. Net debt is a Non-GAAP Measure. We define net debt as the sum of the Guarantor's debt and lease liabilities less the 
Guarantor's cash and cash equivalents (including restricted cash and cash equivalents). The Guarantor's debt and lease liabilities include 
the following balance sheet line items: current borrowings from affiliates, current portion of operating lease liabilities, short-term bor-
rowings, current portion of long-term debt, long-term debt, long-term borrowings from affiliates and long-term operating lease liabili-
ties as presented in the consolidated balance sheets of the Guarantor's consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years 
ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Selected Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow Data  
 
  
  
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 
in US$ millions 
2021 
(audited) 
2020 
(audited) 
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 
1,341 
 
3,049 
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
  
245 
 
(1,959) 
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
  
(1,324) 
  
(878) 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 
  
940 
 
679 
TREND INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CHANGES 
Trend Information 
For information regarding a three-party merger agreement that combines Fresenius Health Partners, the value-
based care division of the Guarantor, with InterWell Health and Cricket Health, see "OUR STRATEGY AND 
COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS" and "RECENT EVENTS" below. 
Other than such merger agreement and other than as previously mentioned for the Issuer (see "General Infor-
mation on the Issuer – Trend Information and Significant Changes – Trend Information" above), there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor and no significant change in the Guarantor's fi-
nancial performance since December 31, 2021. No developments are currently foreseen that are reasonably 
likely to have a material adverse effect on the prospects or financial performance of the Guarantor other than 
those developments previously mentioned for the Issuer (see "General Information on the Issuer – Trend Infor-
mation and Significant Changes – Trend Information" above). 
Material Changes in the Guarantor's Borrowing and Funding Structure 
Since December 31, 2021, there were the following material changes in the Guarantor's borrowing and funding 
structure: 
 
The bonds issued by Fresenius Medical Care US Finance II, Inc. and guaranteed by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor in the amount of USD 700 million (EUR 533 million as of the date of issuance on January 26, 
2012) were redeemed at maturity on January 31, 2022. 
 
The Guarantor restructures its bilateral credit facilities on an ongoing basis and in the ordinary course of 
business to secure liquidity at attractive terms at all times. 
 
The Group also has a commercial paper program under which short term debt up to a maximum of 
EUR 1.5 billion may be issued from time to time. As of March 31, 2022, the Issuer utilized EUR 555.5 
million under the commercial paper program. 
 
The Group also has an Accounts Receivable Facility (as defined below) with a maximum capacity of 
USD 900 million (EUR 810.7  million at March 31, 2022). As of March 31, 2022, the Group borrowed 
USD 583.5 million  (EUR 525.6 million) under the Accounts Receivable Facility. 
Other than as indicated above, there have been no material changes in the Guarantor's borrowing and funding 
structure since December 31, 2021.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Significant Changes in the Guarantor's Financial or Trading Position 
Except as described under "Trend Information," above, there has been no significant change in the financial or 
trading position of the Guarantor since December 31, 2021. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Please refer to note 18 of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as of and for the fiscal 
years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which are incorporated by 
reference into the Prospectus.  
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Please refer to "Business of the Group – Material Contracts" below. 
RECENT EVENTS 
Please refer to "Business of the Group – Recent Events" below. 
RATING 
As of the date of the Prospectus, the Guarantor has been assigned a credit rating by Moody's Deutschland GmbH 
of Baa39 with a stable outlook10.  
According to Moody's Deutschland GmbH, the Baa3 long term issuer rating assigned to the Guarantor reflects 
the Guarantor's standalone credit profile but also the fact that the Guarantor is a material subsidiary of the 
Issuer, as this entity owns and consolidates all the US operating subsidiaries of the parent. The Guarantor, to-
gether with its consolidated subsidiaries referred to as the North America Segment (as defined below) in the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS, generated 69% 
of the Group's consolidated revenue and 89% of the Group's consolidated operating income in 2021.  
 
9  
Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. Accord-
ing to Moody's: "Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such 
may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating 
classification […]; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category." 
10  
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of 
the entity being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
We are the world's leading provider of products and services for individuals with renal diseases, based on pub-
licly reported revenue and number of patients treated (information on our US-listed competitors is available in 
their reports filed with the SEC, which can be accessed by using the following hyperlink: 
https://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html, which information does not form part of this 
Prospectus). Please also refer to our MCS (see "MAJOR MARKETS AND COMPETITIVE POSITION – Major Markets" 
below)). We provide dialysis care and related services to persons who suffer from ESKD as well as other health 
care services. We also develop, manufacture and distribute a wide variety of health care products.  
Our health care products include hemodialysis machines, peritoneal dialysis cyclers, dialyzers, peritoneal dialysis 
solutions, hemodialysis concentrates, solutions and granulates, bloodlines, renal pharmaceuticals, systems for 
water treatment, acute cardiopulmonary and apheresis products. We supply dialysis clinics we own, operate or 
manage with a broad range of products and also sell dialysis products to other dialysis service providers. We sell 
our health care products to customers in around 150 countries and we also use them in our own health care 
service operations. Our dialysis business is therefore vertically integrated. Our other health care services which, 
prior to 2021, were described as "Care Coordination," include value and risk-based care programs, pharmacy 
services, vascular, cardiovascular and endovascular specialty services as well as ambulatory surgery center ser-
vices, physician nephrology and cardiology services and ambulant treatment services. We estimate that the size 
of the global dialysis market was approximately EUR 79 billion in 2021 (EUR 81 billion in 2020). Dialysis patient 
growth results from factors such as the aging population and increased life expectancies; shortage of donor 
organs for kidney transplants; increasing incidence of kidney disease and better treatment of and survival of 
patients with diabetes, hypertension and other illnesses, which frequently lead to the onset of chronic kidney 
disease; improvements in treatment quality, new pharmaceuticals and product technologies, which prolong pa-
tient life; and improving standards of living in developing countries, which make life-saving dialysis treatment 
available. We are also engaged in different areas of health care product therapy research. 
As a global company delivering health care services and products, we face the challenge of addressing the needs 
of a wide variety of stakeholders, such as patients, customers, payors, regulators and legislators in many differ-
ent economic environments and health care systems. In general, government-funded programs (in some coun-
tries in coordination with private insurers) pay for certain health care items and services provided to their citi-
zens. Not all health care systems provide payment for dialysis treatment. Therefore, the reimbursement systems 
and ancillary services utilization environment in various countries significantly influence our business. 
OUR STRUCTURE 
Our operating and reportable segments are our North America operating segment (North America Segment), 
our Europe, Middle East and Africa operating segment (EMEA Segment), our Asia-Pacific operating segment 
(Asia-Pacific Segment) and our Latin America operating segment (Latin America Segment). The operating seg-
ments are determined based upon how we manage our businesses with geographical responsibilities. All seg-
ments are primarily engaged in providing health care services and the distribution of products and equipment 
for the treatment of ESKD and other extracorporeal therapies.  
As announced on November 2, 2021, we entered the next phase of the FME25 Program: the transformation of 
our operating model to provide the base for future sustainable growth. In the new model, we intend to reor-
ganize our business into two global operating segments.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
We are consolidating our health care products business, including research and development, manufacturing, 
supply chain and commercial operations, as well as supporting functions, such as regulatory and quality man-
agement, under a global umbrella (Care Enablement). The products business will be organized along the three 
treatment modalities that we serve: In-center, Home and Critical Care. Our global health care services business 
will be combined into one segment (Care Delivery). 
Our Global Medical Office will continue to leverage the vertically integrated approach to optimize clinical out-
comes for our patients. General and administrative functions will also be globalized using a three pillars model 
of business partnering, centers of excellence and global shared services. 
We expect to complete the implementation of the new model around 2023. 
The following table summarizes revenues for our North America Segment, EMEA Segment, Asia-Pacific Segment, 
Latin America Segment and Corporate in our major categories of activity, health care services and health care 
products.  
 
Segment and corporate information 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
in € million 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
North 
America 
Segment 
EMEA 
Segment 
Asia-Pa-
cific Seg-
ment 
Latin 
America 
Segment 
Total  
Segment 
Corpo-
rate(1) 
 
Total 
Three months ended March 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from health care services 
2,774
344
236
130
3,484
8
3,492
Revenue from health care products 
278
323
254
52
907
5
912
Revenue from contracts with customers 
3,052
667
490
182
4,391
13
4,404
Other revenue external customers 
119
7
17
1
144
—
144
Revenue external customers 
3,171
674
507
183
4,535
13
4,548
Inter - segment revenue 
4
—
0
1
5
(5)
—
Revenue 
3,175
674
507
184
4,540
8
4,548
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Three months ended March 31, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from health care services 
2,551 
332 
228 
115 
3,226 
7 
3,233 
Revenue from health care products 
252 
319 
231 
44 
846 
4 
850 
Revenue from contracts with customers 
2,803 
651 
459 
159 
4,072 
11 
4,083 
Other revenue external customers 
96 
19 
12 
0 
127 
— 
127 
Revenue external customers 
2,899 
670 
471 
159 
4,199 
11 
4,210 
Inter - segment revenue 
11 
— 
0 
— 
11 
(11) 
— 
Revenue 
2,910 
670 
471 
159 
4,210 
0 
4,210 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from health care services 
10,623 
1,379 
942 
499 
13,443 
36 
13,479 
Revenue from health care products 
1,052 
1,337 
1,017 
201 
3,607 
17 
3,624 
Revenue from contracts with customers 
11,675 
2,716 
1,959 
700 
17,050 
53 
17,103 
Other revenue external customers 
413 
49 
51 
3 
516 
— 
516 
Revenue external customers 
12,088 
2,765 
2,010 
703 
17,566 
53 
17,619 
Inter - segment revenue 
32 
— 
1 
0 
33 
(33) 
— 
Revenue 
12,120 
2,765 
2,011 
703 
17,599 
20 
17,619 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revenue from health care services 
11,060 
1,365 
876 
485 
13,786 
25 
13,811 
Revenue from health care products 
1,095 
1,364 
970 
196 
3,625 
15 
3,640 
Revenue from contracts with customers 
12,155 
2,729 
1,846 
681 
17,411 
40 
17,451 
Other revenue external customers 
323 
34 
48 
3 
408 
— 
408 
Revenue external customers 
12,478 
2,763 
1,894 
684 
17,819 
40 
17,859 
Inter - segment revenue 
29 
6 
0 
0 
35 
(35) 
— 
Revenue 
12,507 
2,769 
1,894 
684 
17,854 
5 
17,859

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
(1) Includes inter - segment consolidation adjustments.
 
OUR SERVICES AND PRODUCTS 
ESKD is the stage of advanced chronic kidney disease characterized by the irreversible loss of kidney function 
and requires regular dialysis treatment or kidney transplantation to sustain life. A normally functioning human 
kidney removes waste products and excess water from the blood, which prevents toxin buildup, water overload 
and the eventual poisoning of the body. Most patients suffering from ESKD must rely on dialysis, which is the 
removal of toxic waste products and excess fluids from the body by artificial means. A number of conditions – 
diabetes, hypertension, glomerulonephritis and inherited diseases – can cause chronic kidney disease. The ma-
jority of people with ESKD acquire the disease as a complication of one or more of these primary conditions.  
As a leading global health care company, we offer health care services and products in around 150 countries 
with a focus on the following areas: 
 
In-center hemodialysis – treatment in specialized clinics; 
 
Peritoneal dialysis – treatments largely administered by patients primarily at home; 
 
Home hemodialysis – treatment administered by patients at home; 
 
Acute dialysis – dialysis treatments administered in a hospital inpatient setting; 
 
Dialysis drugs – expanding our product range; and 
 
Other health care services.  
Dialysis Treatment Options for ESKD 
There are currently only two methods for treating ESKD: dialysis and kidney transplantation. At the end of 2021, 
about 4.6 million patients (2020: 4.5 million) worldwide regularly underwent dialysis treatment or received an or-
gan donation. For dialysis treatment, we distinguish between two types: hemodialysis (HD) and peritoneal dialysis 
(PD). In HD, a hemodialysis machine controls the flow of blood from the patient, the blood is cleansed by means of 
a specially designed filter known as a dialyzer and then pumped back into the body. With PD, the patient introduces 
a dialysis solution into his or her abdominal cavity and the patient's peritoneum serves as a dialyzing membrane. 
PD patients administer their own treatments in their own homes and workplaces, either by a treatment known as 
continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD), or by a treatment known as continuous cycling peritoneal dial-
ysis (CCPD), also called automated peritoneal dialysis (APD). We provide dialysis services and products for both 
therapy methods. 
For many years now, the number of donated organs worldwide has been significantly lower than the number of 
patients on transplant waiting lists. Despite extensive efforts by regional initiatives to increase awareness of kidney 
donation and the willingness to donate, the share of patients receiving kidney transplantation compared with other 
treatment methods has remained relatively unchanged over the past ten years. Due to the scarcity of compatible 
kidneys for transplant, most patients suffering from ESKD rely on dialysis. 
The worldwide number of dialysis patients rose by around 2% in 2021 (2020: 3%). In economically weaker regions 
we expect the growth rates to be considerably higher. The lower worldwide growth rates in 2021 and 2020 com-
pared to previous years were primarily caused by COVID-19 related excess mortality of ESKD patients. 
In 2021, most dialysis patients were treated in one of approximately 48,000 (2020: 47,000) dialysis centers world-
wide, with an average of more than 75 (2020: 75) patients per center. However, this figure varies considerably from 
country to country.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Hemodialysis is by far the most common form of therapy for chronic kidney failure. A total of 88% of dialysis 
patients were treated in this way at dialysis centers in 2021 (2020: 88%). Home hemodialysis is an alternative to 
treatment at a dialysis center. Although adoption has been limited to date, the number of home hemodialysis 
patients is rising continuously. A total of around 1% of all patients were treated in this way in 2021 (2020: 1%). 
In 2021, 11% of all dialysis patients were treated with peritoneal dialysis, usually at home (2020: 11%). Accord-
ingly, 12% of dialysis patients were treated with home dialysis (2020: 12%). In 2021, about 14% (2020: 14%) of 
all dialysis patients in the U.S. were treated with home dialysis. 
Health Care Services 
We provide dialysis treatment and related laboratory and diagnostic services through our global network of 4,171 
outpatient dialysis clinics in 2021 (2020: 4,092). At our clinics, we provide hemodialysis treatments at individual 
stations through the use of dialysis machines and disposable products. In hemodialysis treatment, a nurse connects 
the patient to the dialysis machine via bloodlines and monitors the dialysis equipment and the patient's vital signs. 
The capacity of a clinic is a function of the number of stations and additional factors such as type of treatment, 
patient requirements, length of time per treatment, and local operating practices and ordinances regulating hours 
of operation.  
As part of the dialysis therapy, we provide a variety of services to ESKD patients at our dialysis clinics in the U.S. 
These services include administering erythropoietin stimulating agents (ESAs), which are synthetic engineered hor-
mones that stimulate the production of red blood cells. ESAs are used to treat anemia, a medical complication that 
ESKD patients frequently experience. We administer ESAs to most of our patients in the U.S. ESAs have historically 
constituted a material portion of our overall costs of treating our ESKD patients. 
Our clinics also offer services for home dialysis patients, the majority of whom receive PD treatment. For these 
patients, we provide materials, training and patient support services, including clinical monitoring, follow-up assis-
tance and arranging for delivery of the supplies to the patient's residence.  
We also provide dialysis services under contract to hospitals in the U.S. on an "as needed" basis for hospitalized 
ESKD patients and for patients suffering from acute kidney failure. Acute kidney failure can result from trauma, or 
similar causes, and requires dialysis until the patient's kidneys recover their normal function. We provide services 
to these patients either at their bedside, using portable dialysis equipment, or at the hospital's dialysis site. Con-
tracts with hospitals provide for payment at negotiated rates that are generally higher than the Medicare reim-
bursement rates for chronic in-clinic outpatient treatments. 
Other Health Care Services 
In the United States, our other health care services include, but are not limited to, renal pharmacy services, vascu-
lar, cardiovascular and endovascular specialty services as well as vascular care ambulatory surgery center services, 
participation in value and risk-based care programs, such as shared savings and capitation arrangements, and man-
agement and operation of nephrology and cardiology physician practices. In our Asia-Pacific Segment, our other 
services include our stake in a leading operator of day hospitals in Australia, operation of renal hospitals in China 
and comprehensive and specialized health check-up centers, vascular access, and other chronic treatment services. 
Health Care Products 
Based on internal estimates prepared using our MCS (see "MAJOR MARKETS AND COMPETITIVE POSITION" be-
low), publicly available market data and our data of significant competitors, we are the world's largest manufac-
turer and distributor of equipment and related products for hemodialysis and the second largest manufacturer and 
distributor of peritoneal dialysis products, measured by publicly reported revenues. We sell our health care prod-
ucts to customers in around 150 countries and we also use them in our own health care service operations. Most

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
of our customers are dialysis clinics. For the fiscal year 2021, health care products accounted for 21% of our con-
solidated total revenue (2020: 21%). We produce and distribute a wide range of machines and disposables for HD, 
PD and critical care, including acute dialysis.  
Our advanced line of hemodialysis machines includes four series: 2008, 4008, 5008 and 6008. We developed the 
4008, 5008 and 6008 series for our markets outside of North America and the 2008 series for the North American 
market. In 2016, we introduced the 6008 series with the launch of our 6008 CAREsystem. We also produce the 
2008K@home in North America and 4008S and 5008S outside of North America for patients to perform the dialysis 
treatment in the comfort of their home. In 2019, we completed our acquisition of NxStage Medical, Inc. (NxStage), 
which broadens our offerings of home hemodialysis treatment options. In January 2019, we launched the 4008A 
dialysis machine which was designed to meet the needs of emerging markets. With the launch of the 4008A, we 
aim to improve the accessibility to life-sustaining dialysis treatment for ESKD patients in these countries. The 4008A 
dialysis machine incorporates our high-quality standards while minimizing costs for health care systems. The 4008A 
dialysis machine has been deployed primarily in emerging Asian markets and more recently in China.  
Dialyzers are specialized filters that remove uremic toxins and excess water from the blood during hemodialysis. 
We estimate that we are the leading worldwide producer of polysulfone dialyzers. We manufacture our F-series 
and advanced FX series of dialyzers as well as our HemoflowTM and Optiflux® series, the leading dialyzer brand 
in the U.S. All membranes manufactured by us are produced from highly biocompatible synthetic materials. For 
example, the novel FX CorAL dialyzer contains an innovative Helixone® hydro membrane which forms a hydro-
layer on the inner membrane surface for reduced protein absorption, resulting in a membrane with low immune 
response and high selective permeability. 
We offer a full line of home dialysis therapy, including products, services and solutions for CAPD, APD and home 
hemodialysis treatments. Our acute dialysis products provide a full portfolio of proven blood purification therapies 
for critically ill patients with acute kidney injury. We also manufacture and/or distribute arterial, venous, single 
needle and pediatric bloodlines. We produce both liquid and dry dialysate concentrates. 
Other Health Care Products and Renal Pharmaceuticals 
Within our portfolio of therapeutic apheresis products, we offer extracorporeal therapy options for patients 
who cannot be sufficiently treated through conventional pharmaceutical regimens, including the removal of 
metabolic products, toxins, autoantibodies and immunocomplexes. This therapy uses selective adsorbers and 
filters for the cleaning of blood or plasma compartments.  
In December 2016, we acquired Xenios AG, a company focusing on products for extracorporeal heart and lung 
support for patients with severe heart and lung failure, in particular for the indicators of severe acute respiratory 
distress syndrome and acute exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. The products used for an 
extracorporeal gas exchange offer a wide range of heart and lung support from partial CO2 removal up to full 
oxygenation. Xenios’s Novalung®, a heart and lung support system for the treatment of acute respiratory or 
cardiopulmonary failure, was approved by the FDA in February 2020 and is the first extracorporeal membrane 
oxygenation (ECMO) system to be cleared for more than six hours of use as extracorporeal life support. In early 
May 2021, Xenios AG received approval for a patient kit in China, which followed China’s National Medical Prod-
ucts Administration approval of the Xenios console in December 2020. As a result, a complete heart and lung 
support system is now permitted for ECMO therapy in China.  
We continue to acquire and in-license renal pharmaceuticals to improve dialysis treatment for our patients. The 
primary renal pharmaceuticals we have acquired or for which we have obtained licenses for use are:

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
PhosLo®, a calcium-based phosphate binder, as well as an authorized generic version of PhosLo® and 
Phoslyra®, a liquid formulation of PhosLo®. Phosphate binders keep phosphorus levels in ESKD patients 
in a healthy range. We continue to commercialize the authorized generic version of calcium acetate as 
well as Phoslyra® in the U.S. market. 
 
Venofer® (iron sucrose) and Ferinject® (ferric carboxymaltose). Both drugs are used to treat iron defi-
ciency anemia experienced by non-dialysis chronic kidney disease patients as well as dialysis patients. 
 
Velphoro®, a novel iron-based phosphate binder. 
 
The phosphate binders OsvaRen® and Phosphosorb®. 
REIMBURSEMENT 
As a global company delivering health care and dialysis products, we are represented in around 150 countries 
worldwide. Consequently, we face the challenge of addressing the needs of a wide variety of stakeholders, such 
as patients, customers, payors, regulators and legislators in very different economic environments and health 
care systems. 
Health care systems and reimbursement structures for ESKD treatment vary significantly by country. In general, 
the government (in some countries in coordination with private insurers) or social and private insurance pro-
grams pay for health care. Funding is achieved through taxes and other sources of government income, from 
social security contributions, or a combination of those sources. However, not all health care systems provide 
for dialysis treatment. In some developing countries, only limited subsidies from government, social insurances 
or charitable institutions are available, and typically dialysis patients must personally finance all or a substantial 
share of the treatment cost. Irrespective of the funding structure, in some countries patients needing dialysis do 
not receive treatment on a regular basis but rather only when financial resources allow.  
We receive a substantial portion of our North America Segment revenue from the U.S. Medicare program and 
other government sources. For more information on reimbursement see also "RISK FACTORS – I. Risks Relating 
to the Issuer and the Group – 1. Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters –We operate in a highly regu-
lated industry such that the potential for legislative reform provides uncertainty and potential threats to our 
operating models and results"; "– Changes in reimbursement, payor mix and/or governmental regulations for 
health care could materially de-crease our revenues and operating profit"; and "– If we do not comply with 
the numerous governmental regulations applicable to our business, we could suffer ad-verse legal conse-
quences, including exclusion from government health care programs or termination of our authority to con-
duct business, any of which would result in a material decrease in our revenue; this regulatory environment 
also exposes us to claims and litigation, including "whistleblower" suits". 
MAJOR MARKETS AND COMPETITIVE POSITION 
Major Markets 
To obtain and manage information on the status and development of global, regional and national markets, we 
have developed our MCS. We use the MCS within the Issuer as a tool to collect, analyze and communicate cur-
rent and essential information on the dialysis market, developing trends, our market position and those of our 
competitors. Country-by-country surveys are performed at the end of each calendar year which focus on the 
total number of patients treated for ESKD, the treatment modalities selected, products used, treatment location 
and the structure of ESKD patient care providers. The survey has been refined since inception to facilitate access 
to more detailed information and to reflect changes in the development of therapies and products as well as 
changes to the structure of our competitive environment. The questionnaires are distributed to professionals in 
the field of dialysis who are in a position to provide ESKD-relevant country specific information themselves or

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
who can coordinate appropriate input from contacts with the relevant know-how in each country. The surveys 
are then centrally validated and checked for consistency by cross-referencing them with the most recent sources 
of national ESKD information (e.g. registry data or publications if available) and with the results of surveys per-
formed in previous years. All information received is consolidated at a global and regional level and analyzed 
and reported together with publicly available information published by our competitors. While we believe the 
information contained in our surveys and competitor publications to be reliable, we have not independently 
verified the data or any assumptions from which our MCS is derived or on which the estimates they contain are 
based, and we do not make any representation as to the accuracy of such information. Except as otherwise 
specified herein, all patient and market data in this report have been derived using our MCS.  
We estimate that the volume of the global dialysis market was EUR 79 billion in 2021 (2020: EUR 81 billion) 
comprising approximately EUR 15 billion (2020: EUR 15 billion) of dialysis products and approximately 
EUR 64 billion (2020: EUR 66 billion) of dialysis services (including administration of dialysis drugs).  
As of December 31, 2021, we were the world's leading provider of dialysis services with a market share of ap-
proximately 9% (2020: 9%) of the global dialysis patient population through treating 345,425 (2020: 346,553) of 
the approximately 3.8 million (2020: 3.7 million) dialysis patients worldwide. 
We are also the global market leader for dialysis products. Dialysis products we produced for use in our own 
dialysis centers or for sale to third-party customers accounted for a market share of 36% in 2021 (2020: 36%). 
In the case of hemodialysis products, we had a 42% share of the global market (2020: 42%) and are also the 
leader in this field. Dialyzers for hemodialysis are the largest product group in the dialysis market with a world-
wide sales volume of over 378 million units in 2021 (2020: 366 million). Approximately 158 million (around 42%) 
(2020: 158 million, or around 43%) of these were made by the Issuer, giving us by far the biggest market share. 
Hemodialysis machines constitute another key component of our product business. Here, too, we are the market 
leader. Of the 92,000 machines installed in 2021 (2020: 91,000), according to estimates, around 48,000, or 
around 52% (2020: around 45,000, or around 50%), were produced by the Issuer. 
Furthermore, we hold a strong position in the market for peritoneal dialysis products: Around 16% (2020: around 
16%) of all peritoneal dialysis patients use products made by the Issuer.  
The overall market for dialysis care services in the U.S. is consolidated. Across all market segments, we treat 
around 37% of all dialysis patients in the U.S. (2020: 37%). In the U.S., home dialysis is becoming increasingly 
important. In 2021, about 15% (2020: 14%) of our U.S. dialysis treatments were performed at home. Outside 
the U.S., the dialysis services business is much more fragmented. With around 1,490 dialysis centers (2020: 
1,470) and approximately 139,000 patients (2020: 140,000) in around 50 countries (2020: 50), we operate by far 
the largest network of clinics outside the U.S. 
Our Competitive Position 
We operate in a competitive, international market environment and are, therefore, subject to certain trends, 
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our projected results. The major trends 
affecting the markets in which we operate are: the aging population and increased life expectancies, shortage 
of donor organs for kidney transplants, and increasing incidence and better treatment of and survival of patients 
with diabetes and hypertension, which frequently precede the onset of ESKD, all of which contribute to patient 
growth. In the U.S. and other markets in which dialysis is readily available, additional trends are:  
Trends in the developed markets: 
 
improvements in treatment quality, which prolong patient life;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
stronger demand for innovative products and therapies; 
 
advances in medical technology; 
 
ongoing cost-containment efforts and ongoing pressure to decrease health care costs, resulting in limited 
reimbursement rate increases; and 
 
reimbursement for the majority of treatments by governmental institutions, such as Medicare and Med-
icaid in the U.S. 
Trends in the emerging markets: 
 
increasing national incomes and hence higher spending on health care; 
 
improving standards of living in developing countries, which make life-saving dialysis treatment available; 
 
consolidation of providers (e.g. hospital chains); 
 
consolidation of health care insurers with pricing pressure on providers; and 
 
privatization of health care providers. 
OUR STRATEGY AND COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS 
"Creating a future worth living. For patients. Worldwide. Every day." This vision guides us in our efforts to give 
our patients around the world a better life by offering them high-quality products and outstanding health care.  
At the same time, we expect to face a multitude of challenges in the coming years: an aging population, a rise in 
chronic diseases, fragmented care, staff shortages, cost pressure, digitalization and the COVID-19 pandemic, all 
of which require new approaches and solutions in health care. 
Our way forward – "Strategy 2025" 
Renal Care Continuum 
To meet the challenges of the future, we are leveraging our core strategic competencies: innovating products, 
operating outpatient facilities, standardizing medical procedures and coordinating patients effectively. We aim 
to use our innovative, high-quality products and services to offer sustainable solutions at a reliable cost. 
Between now and 2025, we intend to go a step further and take our strategy to the next level to bring us closer 
to our goal of providing health care for chronically and critically ill patients across the renal care continuum, 
which encompasses new renal care models, value and risk-based care models, chronic kidney disease and trans-
plantation as well as future innovations (Strategy 2025):  
 
New renal care models: We intend to use digital technologies such as artificial intelligence and big data 
analytics to develop new care models for patients with kidney failure, including personalized dialysis and 
holistic home treatment. 
 
Value and risk-based care models: These models allow us to offer care that is not only better, but also 
affordable in the long term. Our aim is to establish sustainable partnerships with payors around the world 
to drive forward the transition from fee-for-service payment to pay-for-performance models. In March 
2021, we entered into a three-party merger agreement combining the operations of three value-based

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
care specialists to create a new value-based kidney care provider in the U.S (see "RECENT EVENTS"). We 
consider this transaction to be the next important step in execution of our Strategy 2025.  
 
Chronic kidney disease and transplantation: We want to provide patients with holistic care along their 
entire treatment path. To this end, we have extended our value and risk-based care programs to include 
the treatment of chronic kidney disease with a view to slowing disease progression, enabling a smoother 
start to dialysis and preventing unnecessary hospital stays. We also intend to incorporate kidney trans-
plants into value-based care models in the future. 
 
Future innovations: Through our subsidiary, Fresenius Medical Care Ventures GmbH (Fresenius Medical 
Care Ventures), we invest in start-ups and early-stage companies in the health care sector with the goal 
of gaining access to new and disruptive technologies and treatment concepts for our core business and 
complementary assets. 
Critical Care Solutions 
The number of patients requiring continuous renal replacement therapy to treat acute kidney failure is expected 
to rise in the next decade to more than 1.6 million per year. We will expand our existing acute care portfolio to 
include other extracorporeal critical care therapy areas, such as the treatment of acute heart, lung and multi-
organ failure. 
Complementary Assets 
We will supplement and strengthen our existing network where feasible through additional partnerships, invest-
ments and acquisitions. This will help us to create medical value added while saving costs, enabling us to build 
an even more solid foundation for our future growth to 2025 and beyond. 
Integrating Sustainability 
Please refer to "SUSTAINABILITY 
" below.  
Globalizing our Operating Model 
Related to the changes according to the FME25 Program, we are structuring our operating model along the 
relevant future value drivers. The new operating model continues our strategy to globalize and simplify our 
structure in the course of implementing Strategy 2025. The objective is to better capture identified growth op-
portunities, thereby generating additional value, enhance capital allocation, further realize the advantages of 
our vertical integration, increase transparency both internally and externally, reduce the administrative burden 
in terms of cost and speed, and promote a culture of agility, innovation and accountability.  
We expect to complete the roll-out of our new global operating model by 2023 and most of the savings initiative 
to be implemented by 2025.  
QUALITY ASSURANCE AND QUALITY MANAGEMENT IN DIALYSIS CARE 
We continuously monitor and analyze the quality performance of our products and services. We also measure 
patient satisfaction and take our patients feedback into account to improve our services. We also work to expand 
access to health care for more patients and further improve the care offer. This also involves investing in inno-
vations and new technologies, and leveraging in-sights from scientific research and collaboration with partners.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Our clinics work in conformance with the generally accepted quality standards of the industry, particularly the 
Kidney Disease Outcomes Quality Initiative (KDOQI) guidelines from the U.S., the European Renal Best Practice 
standard and increasingly, Kidney Disease: Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO), an industry initiative for global 
clinical practice guidelines. Clinical data management systems are used to routinely collect certain medical pa-
rameters, which we evaluate in anonymized form in compliance with these guidelines. 
ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT 
As a large international company, we recognize our responsibility to protect the environment and use natural 
resources carefully. Therefore, we track and analyze environmental data generated by our dialysis clinics and 
production sites worldwide, including energy consumption and water withdrawal levels. This helps us manage 
resources more effectively. Eco-reporting across regions and functions is facilitated by specific tools. In 2021, 
we rolled out a new digital tool at our production sites to improve the data quality and the efficiency of our 
reporting. We monitor national and international regulations concerning environmental issues on an ongoing 
basis so that our internal policies and manuals are up to date. We have established internal environmental 
standards, which we complement with external certifications if they add value.  
In 2021, we launched a global environmental policy as part of our efforts to develop and implement a global 
environmental strategy. The policy provides a framework for environmental management at a global level and 
will serve as a basis for developing reduction targets. Our policy also addresses how we manage and monitor 
our environmental impact and acts as a framework for other environmental policies and manuals. In January 
2022, the Management Board approved new climate targets. We plan to be climate neutral by 2040. By 2030, 
we aim to reduce Scope 1 (direct) and Scope 2 (indirect) emissions by 50% compared with 2020. In addition, we 
will assess the impact of Scope 3 (other indirect) emissions in the future so that they can be included in our 
targets. 
Using natural resources efficiently, preventing environmental pollution, recycling waste efficiently, and enhanc-
ing our environmental performance are core elements of our efforts to continually improve our environmental 
management system. We also seek to improve our production processes for environmental compatibility, which 
frequently generates cost savings. 
INNOVATIONS IN 2021 
Our aim is to continuously improve our patients’ quality of life and the outcomes of their treatment, as well as 
to ensure our growth in the medium to long term. To this end, we are not only working on new products that 
are close to market launch, but also on an extensive portfolio of innovation projects. These focus on technologies 
in our core business as well as related areas of strategic interest.  
The Next Generation of Dialyzers 
The new FX CorAL dialyzer was officially introduced at the European Renal Association-European Dialysis and 
Transplant Association Virtual Congress in June 2021. In developing the FX CorAL, the focus was on clinical per-
formance and hemocompatibility, both important factors in patient-centered dialysis. This dialyzer is based on 
the innovative Helixone® hydro membrane which forms a hydrolayer on the inner membrane surface. This re-
duces protein adsorption, resulting in a membrane with a low immune response and high selective permeability. 
The goal is to reduce the side effects of dialysis treatment.  
The Optiflux® Enexa™ F500 with Endexo® technology is a new dialyzer designed to support the treatment of 
patients with acute kidney injury or chronic kidney disease without the need for heparin. Endexo is a surface-
modifying polymer that is blended into the dialyzer fibers during manufacturing. It makes the surface of the 
membrane less thrombogenic, so that the blood is less likely to clot. The Optiflux® Enexa™ F500 received FDA

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
510(k) clearance – the most important admission procedure for medical products – in July 2020 as a dialyzer 
intended for patients with acute kidney injury or chronic kidney disease in cases where conventional therapy is 
judged to be inadequate. In gaining clearance, this device has passed a key hurdle prior to market launch and is 
now in the final stage of development for heparin-free hemodialysis. 
New Home Dialysis System in Development 
For many patients, peritoneal dialysis is the preferred treatment modality and the gentlest option during the 
first years of renal replacement therapy. The new VersiPD 510K (VersiPD) is the world’s most lightweight, digi-
tally advanced APD cycler with the smallest footprint. Key features include a voice-guided set-up and Bluetooth 
connectivity to peripheral devices such as a blood pressure cuffs and weighing scales. It has an internet connec-
tion, allowing for seamless movement of therapy data between the clinic and the patient’s home. This digital 
application will allow providers to better monitor and manage patients, their therapy, and their equipment re-
motely. The VersiPD has been approved by the FDA as of April 21, 2022. The market launch of the VersiPD is 
initially planned in the U.S. 
Critical Care Solutions 
The multiFiltratePRO is a continuous renal replacement therapy platform that offers advanced functions such as 
kidney replacement therapy using successfully established Ci-Ca® regional citrate anticoagulation and therapeu-
tic plasma exchange. The multiFiltratePro has been granted emergency use authorization in the United States 
and was launched in China and further countries in Latin America in 2020, creating a broad market base. In 2022, 
based on the significant growth in the number and distribution of machines, we will introduce new expansion 
and optimization measures that have been developed in 2021 and are now close to completion. 
In-center Dialysis 
The 4008A hemodialysis system is an entry-level device designed for emerging markets worldwide. In the future, 
health care will depend on treatments such as dialysis being recorded to electronic health record systems to 
manage patients, treatments, workflow optimization and personalized AI-based therapy. The 4008A is a fully 
connected, low-cost digital solution. It uses QR codes and tablets that are connected to the cloud. Online treat-
ment data is available at the Point-of-Care via the connection to theHub. Furthermore, in 2021, the 4008A was 
the first active medical product to be manufactured in the Issuer's Changshu plant and sold to the Chinese mar-
ket. This allows it to be sold under the "Buy China” policy, which effectively means that products must be pro-
duced in China to be sold there. As China is an important emerging market the 4008A, together with theHub, 
fulfills all the criteria for future market expansion in a digital world with a growing population of patients suffer-
ing from ESKD. 
Digitalization in Health Care  
Starting in 2021, customers have benefited from a virtual reality (VR) tool, stay•safe MyTraining VR, to support 
their patient training for CAPD. With stay•safe MyTraining VR, patients can perform virtual dialysis treatment to 
learn about key aspects of the dialysis process. Home dialysis patients undergo extensive therapy training at the 
dialysis center with a trainer when they start renal replacement therapy. VR-based training gives them additional 
practice at their own learning pace, allowing them to repeat the training as often as they need. The stay•safe 
MyTraining VR is initially available in Germany. Rollouts to other countries in the Europe, Middle East and Africa 
region are planned for 2022.  
Connected care will make it possible to tailor therapies to individual patients, help decode the warning signs and 
underlying causes of renal disease. The overarching goal is to better connect people at the point of care and in 
home care scenarios with the aim of improving outcomes and reducing costs. We have built the world’s largest

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
repository of clinical data on advanced kidney disease. The database will be augmented by the world’s largest 
genomic registry targeting kidney disease. Frenova Renal Research, the Issuer’s clinical research arm, has started 
signing up patients in the U.S. who are willing to provide their genetic data to enable researchers to better 
understand kidney disease and develop innovative therapies.  
Research in the Field of Regenerative Medicine 
Our independent affiliate, Unicyte AG (Unicyte), made significant progress in the field of regenerative medicine 
in 2021. Unicyte started its first clinical trial program for patients suffering from orphan metabolic liver disorders. 
Pre-clinical experiments conducted in 2021 reaffirmed the pivotal role we believe Unicyte’s technologies will 
play in delivering the curative potential of regenerative medicine in both kidney and liver diseases, and beyond.  
Xenotransplant technology developed by eGenesis, a gene editing and genome engineering company in which 
we have also invested, is committed to developing safe and effective human transplantable organs, tissues and 
cells to address the global organ crisis. eGenesis is at the forefront of pioneering clinical studies for solid organ 
xenotransplantation. Their lead programs are for kidney and islet cell transplantation, which are both currently 
in preclinical development. eGenesis has a platform technology that allows for a broad pipeline of applications. 
The Issuer is actively investigating additional indications such as liver, heart, and lung as well as cell therapies. 
Xenotransplantation may offer a solution to overcome the shortage of transplantable human kidneys. 
In 2021, we expanded our collaboration with the U.S. medical company Humacyte, Inc. (Humacyte) with an 
additional USD 25 million investment. In connection with Humacyte's merger with a special-purpose acquisition 
company, we have consolidated our position in the newly combined entity as the lead investor in a "PIPE" (pri-
vate investment in public equity) offering. Humacyte is pioneering the development and manufacture of off-the-
shelf, universally implantable, bioengineered human tissues with the goal of improving the lives of patients and 
transforming the practice of medicine. 
Fresenius Medical Care Ventures 
Established in early 2016, Fresenius Medical Care Ventures actively invests in early-stage companies in the fields 
of diagnostics, therapies, medical devices, digital solutions, xenotransplantation and remote monitoring tech-
nologies to improve outcomes for patients suffering from chronic diseases or requiring acute care. In 2021, 
Fresenius Medical Care Ventures managed a portfolio of nine companies, covering a broad range of areas such 
as chronic kidney disease, chronic heart failure, peripheral artery disease, bloodstream infections, behavioral 
health and patient transportation. Memo Therapeutics was a new addition to the portfolio in 2021. Based on a 
proprietary antibody discovery platform, Memo Therapeutics is developing therapeutics for kidney transplant 
patients who suffer from viral infections. 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
We see risk management as the ongoing task of determining, analyzing and evaluating the spectrum of actual 
and potential risks arising from our business operations in our environment and, where possible, taking pre-
emptive and corrective measures. Our risk management system provides us with a basis for these activities. It 
enables management to identify risks that could jeopardize our growth or going concern and to take steps to 
minimize any negative impact. Accordingly, it is an important component of our management and governance. 
The main objective of the risk management system is to identify potential risks as early as possible to assess 
their impact on business activities and enable us, where necessary, to take appropriate countermeasures. Due 
to constantly changing external as well as internal requirements and conditions, our risk management system is 
continuously evolving. In the past fiscal year, the completeness and validity of risk information within our risk 
management approach, as well as its effectiveness, was strengthened by an enhancement of the effectiveness

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
review of countermeasures as well as by the application of a newly defined concept for the analysis of our risk-
bearing capacity and our aggregated risk position. This was complemented by the definition of our risk appetite 
in an internal guideline which reflects the respective risk tolerance levels for our individual business activities. 
The structure of the internal risk management system is based on the internationally recognized framework for 
company-wide risk management, the ''Enterprise Risk Management – Integrated Framework'' of the Committee 
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
For information on our legal proceedings, please refer to note 9, "Commitments and contingencies" to the unau-
dited condensed consolidated interim financial statements included in our Interim Report Q1 2022, which are 
incorporated by reference into the Prospectus. 
EMPLOYEES 
We employed 122,635 people (full-time equivalents) as of March 31, 2022 (March 31, 2021: 124,995). This 2% 
decrease was largely driven by a prior year increase in production staff due to COVID-19 and a reduction in 
clinical staff as a result of a decrease in patients in certain regions. 
SUSTAINABILITY 
For us, sustainability is about being successful in the long term and creating lasting value – economically, eco-
logically, and socially. It is also reflected in our strategy. We have launched our global sustainability program 
(Global Sustainability Program) to step up our efforts to integrate sustainability into our business activities from 
2020 to 2022. In this context, we have introduced sustainability as a non-financial performance target for man-
agement compensation.  
The Global Sustainability Program defines global company targets for eight focus areas in the period from 2020 
to 2022. We selected these areas based on the results of our significance analysis, which identifies the most 
relevant sustainability topics for our business. The aim of the sustainability program is to set global standards, 
responsibilities, targets and metrics for sustainability performance. It reflects the increasing requirements for 
sustainability management, as well as our commitment to continuously improving our performance. 
The eight focus areas of our Global Sustainability Program are:  
1. 
Patients: As part of our commitment to delivering safe, high-quality care to patients with chronic illnesses, 
we continually monitor the performance of our products and services. Our focus is on quality, safety, 
accessibility, and patient experience. We make further improvements where necessary, keeping in mind 
our goal to expand access to high-quality health care. 
2. 
Employees: We made a promise to our employees as part of our Global People Strategy: Empower peo-
ple. Advance care. Inspire with our purpose and values. This is the foundation of our people strategy 
because we all contribute to our sustained success as a leading health care company. Together we foster 
an engaging, fair, and trusting work environment in which we grow and help others to grow. 
3. 
Anti-Corruption and Bribery: We strive to comply with applicable legal requirements. We have a global 
compliance program in place. It is based on our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, a binding framework 
that governs how our employees interact with patients, colleagues, business partners, officials, and soci-
ety.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
4. 
Data Protection and Privacy: As a company in the health care sector, we are entrusted with the personal 
data of our patients, employees, customers, business partners, and other stakeholders. We are commit-
ted to respecting their privacy and protecting their information. 
5. 
Labor and Human Rights: In the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, we have committed ourselves to 
conducting our business in a legal and ethical manner consistent with our global values and international 
human rights. We are committed to treating each other with care and respect. As a responsible company, 
we want to expand our business' positive contributions, and avoid or mitigate negative impacts. To do 
so, we consider it essential to understand and address the impact of our business activities on people 
and society. 
6. 
Sustainable Supply: As a global health care company, we understand the responsibilities that come with 
managing a complex international supply chain. Our responsible procurement principles reflect our com-
mitment to promoting sustainable business practices in our daily operations. We expect our suppliers to 
share our commitment to sustainability and demonstrate sustainable business practices across their sup-
ply chains. 
7. 
Environment: We strive to continually improve our environmental performance and are dedicated to de-
veloping, producing, and providing our products and services in an environmentally sustainable way. We 
are committed to business practices that promote environmental protection. 
8. 
Occupational Health and Safety: We are committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment 
for our employees and contractors.  
The Global Sustainability Program provides us with a basis for further analyzing our global impact, identifying 
areas for improvement, and leveraging opportunities related to sustainability.  
ACQUISITIONS, INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL EXPENDITURES 
A significant factor in the growth in our revenue and operating earnings in prior years has been our ability to 
acquire health care businesses, particularly dialysis clinics, on mutually beneficial terms. In the U.S., physicians 
and others who own dialysis operations might decide to sell their clinics (or investment interests in their clinics) 
to obtain relief from day-to-day administrative responsibilities and changing governmental regulations, to focus 
on patient care and to realize a return on their investment. Outside the U.S., doctors might determine to sell to 
us and/or enter into certain relationships with us to achieve the same goals and to gain a partner with extensive 
expertise in dialysis products and services. Privatization of health care in Eastern Europe and Asia could present 
additional acquisition opportunities. We believe we are also viewed as a valuable strategic health care partner 
outside the dialysis business due to our experience in managing chronic disease for dialysis patients and our 
record of improving quality and patient satisfaction and reducing the overall cost of care, and our leadership in 
advancing innovation and improvement in health care. 
Net cash used in investing activities was EUR 211 million in the three months ended March 31, 2022 (EUR 224 
million in the three months ended March 31, 2021), EUR 1,196 million in the fiscal year ended December 31, 
2021 and EUR 1,335 million in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020.  
The majority of our capital expenditures were used for equipping new clinics and centers, maintaining existing 
clinics and centers, capitalization of machines provided to our customers, capitalization of certain development 
costs and IT implementation costs in the three months ended March 31, 2022. The majority of our capital ex-
penditures were used for maintaining existing clinics and centers, capitalization of machines provided to our 
customers, capitalization of certain development costs, equipping new clinics and centers and IT implementa-
tion costs in 2021. Capital expenditures accounted for 4% of total revenue in the three months ended March 31,

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
2022 (4% in the three months ended March 31, 2021), 5% of total revenue in 2021 and 6% of total revenue in 
2020.  
Investments in the three months ended March 31, 2022 primarily comprised of purchases of debt securities and 
equity investments. In the first three months of 2022, we received EUR 27 million from divestitures which were 
mainly related to the divestment of debt securities. Acquisitions in the first three months of 2022 relate primarily 
to the purchase of dialysis clinics. Additionally, purchases of intangible assets for the first three months of 2022 
related primarily to emission rights certificates. Investments in the three months ended March 31, 2021 primar-
ily comprised purchases of debt securities and equity investments. In the first three months of 2021, we received 
EUR 72 million from divestitures and the sale of debt securities. Acquisitions in the first three months of 2021 
related primarily to the purchase of dialysis clinics.  
Investments in 2021 were primarily comprised of purchases of debt securities and equity investments. In 2021, 
we received EUR 197 million from divestitures. These divestitures were mainly related to the divestment of debt 
securities. Acquisitions in 2021 relate primarily to the purchase of dialysis clinics. Investments in 2020 were 
primarily comprised of purchases of debt securities. In 2020, we received EUR 57 million from divestitures. These 
divestitures were mainly related to the divestment of debt securities and certain research & development in-
vestments. Acquisitions in 2020 related primarily to the purchase of dialysis clinics. 
In our long-term capital management, we focus primarily on the net leverage ratio. Our self-set target for the 
net leverage ratio is between 3.0 and 3.5, which management considers appropriate for the Issuer. As of March 
31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the net leverage ratio was 3.5, 3.3 and 2.7, respectively. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Syndicated Credit Facility 
The Issuer and the Guarantor entered into the Syndicated Credit Facility on July 1, 2021 with a group of 34 core 
relationship banks. The Syndicated Credit Facility is a EUR 2 billion syndicated multicurrency sustainability-linked 
revolving and swingline credit facilities agreement.  
The Syndicated Credit Facility has a term of five years plus two one-year extension options and can be drawn in 
different currencies. The Syndicated Credit Facility is undrawn as of the date of the Prospectus and is used as a 
backup line for general corporate purposes. A sustainability component has been embedded in the credit facility, 
with the margin increasing or decreasing depending on the Issuer's sustainability performance. 
The Syndicated Credit Facility contains representations and undertakings with respect to the Group customary 
for an LMA style credit facility agreement governed by German law for borrowers with an investment grade 
rating. The Syndicated Credit Facility is unsecured but cross-guaranteed by the Issuer and the Guarantor.  
Outstanding Bonds 
The following table sets forth information regarding our Bonds as of March 31, 2022. As of the date of the Pro-
spectus, no further Bonds have been issued by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Bonds 
in thousands 
Issuer/Transaction 
Face amount 
 
Maturity 
 
 
 
 
 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA, 2019 
€
650,000  
November 29, 2023 
FMC US Finance II, Inc. 2014 
$
400,000  
October 15, 2024 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA, 2018 
€
500,000  
July 11, 2025 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA, 2020 
€
500,000  
May 29, 2026 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA, 2019 
€
600,000  
November 30, 2026 
FMC US Finance III, Inc. 2021 
$
850,000  
December 1, 2026 
FMC US Finance III, Inc. 2019 
$
500,000  
June 15, 2029 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA, 2019 
€
500,000  
November 29, 2029 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA, 2020 
€
750,000  
May 29, 2030 
FMC US Finance III, Inc. 2020 
$
1,000,000  
February 16, 2031 
FMC US Finance III, Inc. 2021 
$
650,000  
December 1, 2031 
All Bonds issued by entities other than the Issuer are guaranteed by the Issuer and by the Guarantor, while Bonds 
issued by the Issuer are guaranteed by the Guarantor. All U.S. dollar Bonds outstanding may be redeemed at the 
option of the respective issuers at any time at 100% of principal plus accrued interest and a premium calculated 
pursuant to the terms of the applicable indenture. The holders of our Bonds have the right to request that the 
issuers repurchase the Bonds at 101% of principal plus accrued interest upon the occurrence of a change of 
control of the Issuer followed by a decline in the ratings of the respective Bonds.  
The Issuer has agreed to a number of covenants to provide protection to the holders of one remaining bond 
issued before 2018 maturing in 2024 which, under certain circumstances, restrict the scope of action of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries. These covenants include, among other things, restrictions on further debt that can 
be raised, the creation of liens, the disposal of assets, the entering into sale and leaseback transactions as well 
as certain mergers and consolidations with other companies. As of the date of this Prospectus, the limitations 
to raise further unsecured debt are suspended since the rating of the respective bonds reached investment 
grade status.  
Accounts Receivable Facility 
The Group has an accounts receivable securitization program (Accounts Receivable Facility). On August 11, 
2021, the Issuer amended and restated the Accounts Receivable Facility, extending it until August 11, 2024. The 
maximum capacity, USD 900 million (EUR 768 million at August 11, 2021), remains unchanged under the re-
stated Accounts Receivable Facility. 
The following table shows the available and outstanding amounts under the Accounts Receivable Facility at 
March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021:

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Accounts Receivable Facility - Maximum amount available and balance outstanding 
in thousands 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maximum amount available 
 
Balance outstanding 
 
 
As of March 31, 2022(1) 
 
As of March 31, 2022 (2) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accounts Receivable Facility  
$ 
900,000  
€ 
810,738  
$
583,500  
€ 
525,628
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maximum amount available 
 
Balance outstanding 
 
 
As of December 31, 2021 (1) 
 
As of December 31, 2021 (2) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accounts Receivable Facility  
$ 
900,000  
€ 
794,632 
 $ 
–  
€ 
– 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) Subject to availability of sufficient accounts receivable meeting funding criteria. 
(2) Amounts shown are excluding debt issuance costs. 
The Issuer also had letters of credit outstanding under the Accounts Receivable Facility in the amount of USD 13 
million at March 31, 2022 and USD 13 million at December 31, 2021 (EUR 11 million and EUR 11 million, respec-
tively). These letters of credit are not included above as part of the balance outstanding at March 31, 2022 and 
December 31, 2021. However, the letters reduce available borrowings under the Accounts Receivable Facility.  
Under the Accounts Receivable Facility, certain receivables are contributed to NMC Funding Corporation (NMC 
Funding), a wholly-owned subsidiary. NMC Funding then assigns percentage ownership interests in the accounts 
receivable to certain bank investors (and their conduit affiliates). Under the terms of the Accounts Receivable 
Facility, NMC Funding retains the rights in the underlying cash flows of the transferred receivables. Interest is 
remitted to the bank investors at the end of each tranche period. If NMC Funding requires additional credit, the 
principal cash flows are reinvested to purchase additional interests in the receivables. Borrowings under the 
Accounts Receivable Facility are expected to remain long-term. NMC Funding retains significant risks and re-
wards in the receivables; among other things, the percentage ownership interest assigned requires the Issuer to 
retain first loss risk in those receivables, and the Issuer can, at any time, recall all the then outstanding trans-
ferred interests in the accounts receivable. Consequently, the receivables remain on the Issuer’s consolidated 
balance sheet and the proceeds from the transfer of percentage ownership interests are recorded as long-term 
debt. 
Schuldschein loans 
On February 14, 2022, the Issuer issued EUR 25 million and EUR 200 million tranches of Schuldschein loans with 
maturities of 5 and 7 years, respectively, at variable interest rates. The proceeds were used for general corporate 
purposes including refinancing of existing liabilities. 
Commercial Paper Program 
The Issuer maintains a commercial paper program under which short-term notes can be issued. On October 15, 
2021, the Issuer amended its commercial paper program and increased the available borrowing capacity from 
EUR 1 billion to EUR 1.5 billion. At March 31, 2022, the outstanding commercial paper amounted to EUR 555.5 
million (December 31, 2021: EUR 715 million). 
Loan Agreement with Fresenius SE 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are parties to an unsecured loan agreement, as borrowers, with Fresenius SE, as 
lender, under which the Issuer and the Guarantor may request and receive one or more short-term advances 
up to an aggregate amount of EUR 600 million until maturity on July 31, 2022. At March 31, 2022 and

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
December 31, 2021, the Issuer borrowed from Fresenius SE in the amount of EUR 142.5 million and EUR 74.5 
million, respectively.  
Credit Lines and other Sources of Liquidity 
In addition to the financial liabilities described above, the Group maintains additional credit facilities which have 
not been utilized, or have been utilized in part. As of March 31, 2022, our available borrowing capacity under 
unutilized credit facilities amounted to approximately EUR 2.4 billion. The Syndicated Credit Facility accounted 
for EUR 2 billion in unutilized available borrowing capacity.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor restructure their bilateral credit facilities on an ongoing basis and in the ordinary 
course of business to secure liquidity at attractive terms at all times which may have an effect on the above-
mentioned borrowing capacity. 
RECENT EVENTS 
On March 21, 2022, we announced that the Guarantor entered into a binding agreement to create a new com-
pany that combines Fresenius Health Partners, Inc., the value-based care division of Fresenius Medical Care 
North America, with InterWell Health LLC, a physician organization driving innovation in the kidney care space 
in the U.S., and Cricket Health, Inc., a U.S. provider of value-based kidney care with a patient engagement and 
data platform. 
The business combination brings together Fresenius Health Partners' expertise in kidney care value-based con-
tracting and performance, InterWell Health's clinical care models and network of nephrologists and Cricket 
Health's tech-enabled care model that utilizes its proprietary informatics, StageSmart(TM) and patient engage-
ment platforms to create an innovative, stand-alone entity poised to transform kidney care. 
The new company will be fully consolidated by the Issuer as the majority owner and operate under the InterWell 
Health brand. The closing of the transaction is subject to regulatory review. Depending on the progress of such 
review, we currently anticipate the transaction could close in the second half of 2022.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the Terms 
and Conditions) are set forth below for two options: 
 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Series of Notes with fixed interest rates. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions 
that apply to Series of Notes with floating interest 
rates. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these 
Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterized accordingly by indicating the respec-
tive optional provision through instructions and ex-
planatory notes set out in square brackets within 
the set of Terms and Conditions. 
 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which 
of Option I or Option II including certain further op-
tions contained therein, respectively, shall apply 
with respect to an individual issue of Notes, either 
by replicating the relevant provisions or by referring 
to the relevant options. 
 
To the extent that, upon the approval of the Pro-
spectus, the Issuer had no knowledge of certain 
items which are applicable to an individual issue of 
Notes, the Prospectus contains placeholders set out 
in square brackets which include the relevant items 
that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
 
Die Emissionsbedingungen für die Schuldverschrei-
bungen (die Emissionsbedingungen) sind nachfol-
gend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt.  
Option I umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingun-
gen, der auf Serien von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
fester Verzinsung Anwendung findet.  
Option II umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingun-
gen, der auf Serien von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
variabler Verzinsung Anwendung findet.  
Der Satz von Emissionsbedingungen für jede dieser 
Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jewei-
lige optionale Bestimmung durch Instruktionen und 
Erklärungen in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des 
Satzes der Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet wird.  
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin 
festlegen, welche der Option I oder Option II (ein-
schließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten wei-
teren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, indem 
entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt 
werden oder auf die betreffenden Optionen verwie-
sen wird. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung 
des Prospektes keine Kenntnis von bestimmten An-
gaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält 
dieser Prospekt Platzhalter in eckigen Klammern, 
die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedin-
gungen zu vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
[In case the options applicable to an individual is-
sue are to be determined by referring in the Final 
Terms to the relevant options contained in the set 
of Terms and Conditions for Option I or Option II: 
 
[Im Fall, dass die Optionen, die für eine einzelne 
Emission anwendbar sind, in den Endgültigen Be-
dingungen durch Verweis auf die weiteren Optio-
nen bestimmt werden, die im Satz der Emissions-
bedingungen der Option I oder Option II enthalten 
sind: 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions ap-
ply to the Notes as completed by the terms of the 
final terms which are attached hereto (the Final 
Terms). The blanks in the provisions of these Terms 
and Conditions which are applicable to the Notes 
shall be deemed to be completed by the infor-
mation contained in the Final Terms as if such in-
formation were inserted in the blanks of such pro-
visions; alternative or optional provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions as to which the correspond-
ing provisions of the Final Terms are not completed 
or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from 
these Terms and Conditions; and all provisions of 
these Terms and Conditions which are inapplicable 
to the Notes (including instructions, explanatory 
notes and text set out in square brackets) shall be 
deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Con-
ditions, as required to give effect to the terms of 
the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be 
obtained free of charge at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent and at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent provided that, in the case of Notes 
which are not listed on any stock exchange, copies 
of the relevant Final Terms will only be available to 
Holders of such Notes.] 
 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie 
durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen 
Bedingungen (die Endgültigen Bedingungen) ver-
vollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmun-
gen dieser Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch 
die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen 
Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den 
betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder wählbare Best-
immungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen, deren 
Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen 
nicht ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als 
aus diesen Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen; 
sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht an-
wendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedin-
gungen (einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmer-
kungen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten 
als aus diesen Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen, 
so dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedin-
gungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle und bei den be-
zeichneten Geschäftsstellen einer jeden Zahlstelle 
erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse notierten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffen-
den Endgültigen Bedingungen allerdings aus-
schließlich für die Gläubiger solcher Schuldver-
schreibungen erhältlich.]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with 
fixed rate 
 
OPTION I – Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldver-
schreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
§ 1 
(CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM) 
 
§ 1 
(WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM) 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. 
 
(1) 
Währung; Stückelung. 
This series of Notes (the Notes) of Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (also referred 
to as the Issuer) is being issued in [Specified 
Currency] (the Specified Currency) in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the 
Global Note is a New Global Note (NGN) 
the following applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of 
[aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in 
the denomination of [Specified Denomina-
tion] (the Specified Denomination). 
 
Diese Serie von Schuldverschreibungen (die 
Schuldverschreibungen) der Fresenius Me-
dical Care AG & Co. KGaA (auch als die Emit-
tentin bezeichnet) wird in [Festgelegte 
Währung] (die Festgelegte Währung) im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalur-
kunde eine New Global Note (NGN) ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 
1(4))] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung] 
(die Festgelegte Stückelung) begeben. 
(2) 
Form. 
 
(2) 
Form. 
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: 
(3) 
Permanent Global Note. 
 
(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
The Notes are represented by a permanent 
global note (the Permanent Global Note or 
the Global Note) without coupons. The Per-
manent Global Note shall be signed manu-
ally by authorized signatories of the Issuer 
and shall be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and in-
terest coupons will not be issued.] 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die Dauerglobalur-
kunde oder die Globalurkunde) ohne Zins-
scheine verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt die eigenhändigen Unterschriften ord-
nungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter 
der Emittentin und ist von der Emissions-
stelle oder in deren Namen mit einer Kon-
trollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially repre-
sented by a Temporary Global Note the following 
applies:  
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfäng-
lich durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde ver-
brieft sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(3) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
(3) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented 
by a temporary global note (the 
Temporary Global Note) without 
coupons. The Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable for Notes 
in Specified Denominations repre-
sented by a permanent global note 
(the Permanent Global Note and to-
gether with the Temporary Global 
Note, the Global Notes) without 
coupons. [In the case of Euroclear 
and CBL and if the Global Note is an 
NGN the following applies: The de-
tails of such exchange shall be en-
tered in the records of the ICSDs (as 
defined below).] The Global Notes 
shall each be signed manually by au-
thorized signatories of the Issuer 
and shall each be authenticated by 
or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. De-
finitive Notes and interest coupons 
will not be issued. 
 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind an-
fänglich durch eine vorläufige Globa-
lurkunde (die Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird 
gegen Schuldverschreibungen in den 
Festgelegten 
Stückelungen, 
die 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die 
Dauerglobalurkunde und zusam-
men mit der Vorläufigen Globalur-
kunde, die Globalurkunden) ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausge-
tauscht. [Im Fall von Euroclear und 
CBL und wenn die Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: Die Einzelheiten eines solchen 
Austausches werden in die Aufzeich-
nungen der ICSDs (wie nachstehend 
definiert) aufgenommen.] Die Glo-
balurkunden tragen jeweils die ei-
genhändigen Unterschriften ord-
nungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Ver-
treter der Emittentin und sind je-
weils von der Emissionsstelle oder in 
deren Namen mit einer Kontrollun-
terschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht aus-
gegeben. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global 
Note on a date (the Exchange Date) 
not earlier than 40 days after the 
date of issue of the Notes. Such ex-
change shall only be made upon de-
livery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners 
of the Notes is not a U.S. person 
(other than certain financial institu-
tions or certain persons holding 
Notes through such financial institu-
tions). Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global 
Note will be made only after delivery 
of such certifications. A separate 
certification shall be required in re-
spect of each such payment of 
 
(b) 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird 
an einem Tag (der Austauschtag) ge-
gen die Dauerglobalurkunde ausge-
tauscht, der nicht weniger als 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung 
der Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Ein 
solcher Austausch darf nur nach Vor-
lage von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, 
wonach der oder die wirtschaftli-
chen Eigentümer der Schuldver-
schreibungen keine U.S.-Personen 
sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Fi-
nanzinstitute oder bestimmte Perso-
nen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über solche Finanzinstitute halten). 
Solange die Schuldverschreibungen 
durch eine Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
werden

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
interest. Any such certification re-
ceived on or after the 40th day after 
the date of issue of the Notes will be 
treated as a request to exchange the 
Temporary Global Note pursuant to 
subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any 
Notes delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Note shall be de-
livered only outside of the United 
States (as defined in § 1(6)).] 
Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage die-
ser Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist 
für jede solche Zinszahlung erforder-
lich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am 
oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem 
Tag der Begebung der Schuldver-
schreibungen eingeht, wird als ein 
Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß 
Absatz (b) dieses § 1(3) auszutau-
schen. Schuldverschreibungen, die 
im Austausch für die Vorläufige Glo-
balurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen 
nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staa-
ten (wie in § 1(6) definiert) geliefert 
werden.] 
(4) 
Clearing System. 
 
(4) 
Clearingsystem. 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by 
or on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
have been satisfied. Clearing System means 
[if more than one Clearing System, the fol-
lowing applies: each of] the following: 
[Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft, 
Frankfurt am Main (CBF)] [Clearstream 
Banking S.A. Luxembourg (CBL)] [and] [Eu-
roclear Bank SA/NV Brussels as operator of 
the Euroclear System (Euroclear)] and any 
successor in such capacity. [In the case of 
CBL and Euroclear as Clearing System the 
following applies: International Central Se-
curities Depositary or ICSD means each of 
CBL and Euroclear (together, the ICSDs).] 
 
Die Globalurkunde wird solange von einem 
oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems ver-
wahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt sind. Clearingsystem bedeutet [bei 
mehr als einem Clearingsystem ist folgen-
des anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: [Clear-
stream Banking Aktiengesellschaft, Frank-
furt am Main (CBF)] [Clearstream Banking 
S.A., Luxemburg (CBL)] [und] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV Brüssel, als Betreiberin des Eu-
roclear Systems (Euroclear)] sowie jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. [Im Fall von CBL oder 
Euroclear als Clearingsystem ist folgendes 
anwendbar: International Central Securi-
ties Depositary oder ICSD bezeichnet je-
weils CBL und Euroclear (zusammen die 
ICSDs).] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on be-
half of the ICSDs and the global note is a 
NGN, the following applies: The Notes are 
issued in new global note (NGN) form and 
are kept in custody by a common safe-
keeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und 
falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Schuldver-
schreibungen werden in Form einer New 
Global Note (NGN) ausgegeben und von ei-
ner gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
The principal amount of Notes represented 
by the Global Note shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the 
records of both ICSDs. The records of the 
ICSDs (which expression means the records 
that each ICSD holds for its customers 
which reflect the amount of such custom-
er's interest in the Notes) shall be conclu-
sive evidence of the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note and, 
for these purposes, a statement issued by 
an ICSD stating the principal amount of 
Notes so represented at any time shall be 
conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalur-
kunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern bei-
der ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die 
Register der ICSDs (unter denen man die 
Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an 
den Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind 
schlüssiger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu diesen 
Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils ausge-
stellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der 
so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist zu 
jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis 
über den Inhalt des Registers des jeweiligen 
ICSD. 
On any redemption or payment of interest 
being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes repre-
sented by the Global Note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of any redemption, 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as 
the case may be) in respect of the Global 
Note shall be entered pro rata in the rec-
ords of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the principal amount of the 
Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs 
and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount 
of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled.] 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt 
die Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten 
über jede Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. 
Kauf und Löschung bezüglich der Globalur-
kunden pro rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs 
eingetragen werden, und nach dieser Ein-
tragung vom Nennbetrag der in die Register 
der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldschrei-
bungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurück-
gezahlten bzw. gekauften und entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on be-
half of the ICSDs and the global note is a 
CGN, the following applies: The Notes are 
issued in classical global note (CGN) form 
and are kept in custody by a common de-
positary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und 
falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: Die Schuldverschrei-
bungen werden in Form einer Classical Glo-
bal Note (CGN) ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen bei-
der ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is 
a NGN, the following applies: On an ex-
change of a portion only of the Notes rep-
resented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch nur 
eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde ver-
brieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstel-
len, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
exchange shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs.] 
pro rata in die Register der ICSDs aufge-
nommen werden.] 
(5) 
Holder of Notes. 
 
(5) 
Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. 
Holder means any holder of a proportion-
ate co-ownership or other beneficial inter-
est or right in the Notes. 
 
Gläubiger bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen ver-
gleichbaren Rechts an den Schuldverschrei-
bungen. 
(6) 
United States. 
 
(6) 
Vereinigte Staaten. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Condi-
tions, United States means the United 
States of America (including the States 
thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
territories 
and 
possessions 
(including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and North-
ern Mariana Islands). 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingun-
gen bezeichnet Vereinigte Staaten die Ver-
einigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließ-
lich deren Bundesstaaten und des District of 
Columbia) sowie deren Territorien und 
Besitztümer (einschließlich Puerto Rico, der 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island und Northern Mariana Is-
lands). 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE AND GUARANTEE) 
 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG UND 
GARANTIE) 
(1) 
Status. 
 
(1) 
Status. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer ranking pari passu among 
themselves and pari passu with all other 
present or future unsecured and unsubor-
dinated obligations of the Issuer, unless 
such obligations are accorded priority un-
der mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begründen 
nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die unterei-
nander und mit allen anderen gegenwärti-
gen und künftigen nicht besicherten und 
nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwingende 
gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang ein-
geräumt wird. 
(2) 
Negative Pledge. 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
So long as any of the Notes remain out-
standing, but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest have 
been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal 
Agent, the Issuer undertakes (i) not to grant 
or permit to subsist any mortgage, land 
charge, lien or any other security right in 
 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch 
nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Be-
träge an Kapital und Zinsen der Emissions-
stelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, (i) 
keine Grundpfandrechte, Pfandrechte oder 
sonstigen dinglichen Sicherungsrechte (ein

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
rem (dingliches Sicherungsrecht) (the Secu-
rity Interest) over any or all of its present or 
future assets, as security for any present or 
future Capital Market Indebtedness and (ii) 
to procure, to the extent legally possible, 
that none of its Subsidiaries will grant or 
permit to subsist any Security Interest over 
any or all of its present or future assets, as 
security for any present or future Capital 
Market Indebtedness, without at the same 
time having the Holders share equally and 
ratably in such Security Interest. This under-
taking shall not apply with respect to any 
Security Interest which (i) is provided over 
any of the Issuer's claims or claims of any of 
its Subsidiaries against any affiliated com-
panies within the meaning of sections 15 et 
seqq. of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) or any third party, which 
claims exist now or arise at any time in the 
future, as a result of the passing on of the 
proceeds from the sale by the issuer of any 
securities, provided that any such security 
serves to secure obligations under such se-
curities issued by the Issuer or by any of its 
Subsidiaries, (ii) is existing on assets at the 
time of the acquisition thereof by the Issuer 
or by any of its Subsidiaries or is existing 
over assets of a newly acquired company 
which becomes a member of the Fresenius 
Medical Care Group, (iii) is existing on the 
issue date of the Notes, (iv) secures a Capi-
tal Market Indebtedness existing at the 
time of acquisition that becomes an obliga-
tion of the Issuer or of any company within 
the Fresenius Medical Care Group as a con-
sequence of such acquisition, provided that 
such Capital Market Indebtedness was not 
created in contemplation of such acquisi-
tion (v) is mandatory pursuant to applicable 
laws or required as a prerequisite for ob-
taining any governmental approvals, (vi) is 
provided in connection with any issuance of 
asset backed securities by the Issuer or by 
any of its Subsidiaries, (vii) is provided in re-
spect of any issuance of asset backed secu-
rities made by a special purpose vehicle 
where the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries is 
the originator of the underlying assets, (viii) 
Sicherungsrecht) an gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Teilen ihres Vermögens oder 
ihres Vermögens insgesamt zur Sicherung 
der gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapi-
talmarktverbindlichkeiten zu bestellen oder 
fortbestehen zu lassen, und (ii) soweit 
rechtlich möglich, zu veranlassen, dass 
keine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften Siche-
rungsrechte an gegenwärtigen oder zukünf-
tigen Teilen ihres Vermögens oder ihres 
Vermögens insgesamt zur Sicherung der ge-
genwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeiten bestellt oder fort-
bestehen lässt, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger 
zur gleichen Zeit auf gleiche Weise und an-
teilig an diesen Sicherungsrechten teilha-
ben zu lassen. Diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht 
in Bezug auf Sicherungsrechte, die (i) an ge-
genwärtigen oder zukünftigen Ansprüchen 
der Emittentin oder Ansprüchen einer ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften gegen verbundene 
Unternehmen im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. Aktien-
gesetz oder gegen Dritte aufgrund von ei-
ner Übertragung von Erlösen aus dem Ver-
kauf von Wertpapieren bestehen, soweit 
diese Sicherheiten zur Sicherung von Ver-
pflichtungen aus diesen durch die Emitten-
tin oder durch eine ihrer Tochtergesell-
schaften ausgegebenen Wertpapieren die-
nen, (ii) zur Sicherung von Vermögensge-
genständen bestellt sind, die bereits zum 
Zeitpunkt ihres Erwerbs durch die Emitten-
tin oder durch eine ihrer Tochtergesell-
schaften bestanden, oder am Vermögen ei-
ner neu erworbenen Gesellschaft bestehen, 
die Mitglied des Fresenius Medical Care-
Konzerns wird, (iii) zum Ausgabetag der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestehen, (iv) eine 
im Zeitpunkt einer Akquisition bestehende 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit besichern, die 
infolge der Akquisition eine Verpflichtung 
der Emittentin oder einer Gesellschaft des 
Fresenius Medical Care-Konzerns wird, so-
fern 
diese 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
nicht im Hinblick auf diese Akquisition be-
gründet wurde, (v) aufgrund anwendbaren 
Rechts gesetzlich vorgeschriebene Sicher-
heiten sind oder solche, deren Bestehen 
eine Voraussetzung zur Erteilung einer

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
is provided in connection with the renewal, 
extension or replacement of any security 
pursuant to foregoing (i) through (vii) and, 
(ix) secures Capital Market Indebtedness 
the principal amount of which (when aggre-
gated with the principal amount of any 
other Capital Market Indebtedness which 
has the benefit of a security other than any 
permitted under the subparagraphs (i) to 
(viii) 
above) 
does 
not 
exceed 
EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies at any time).  
behördlichen Genehmigung sind, (vi) im Zu-
sammenhang mit durch die Emittentin oder 
durch eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften be-
gebenen Asset Backed Securities (ABS) ste-
hen, (vii) im Zusammenhang mit durch 
Zweckgesellschaften 
begebenen 
Asset 
Backed Securities (ABS) stehen, bei denen 
die Emittentin oder eine ihrer Tochterge-
sellschaften der Originator der zugrundelie-
genden Vermögensgegenstände ist, (viii) 
der Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder dem 
Austausch irgendeiner Sicherheit gemäß 
vorstehend (i) bis (vii) dienen und (ix) Kapi-
talmarktverbindlichkeiten besichern, deren 
Kapitalbetrag (bei Aufaddierung auf den Ka-
pitalbetrag sonstiger Kapitalmarktverbind-
lichkeiten, für die andere Sicherheiten als 
die nach (i) bis (viii) zulässigen bestehen) 
EUR 100.000.000 (oder deren jeweiligen 
Gegenwert in anderen Währungen) nicht 
überschreitet.  
For purposes of these Terms and Condi-
tions, Capital Market Indebtedness means 
any obligation for the payment of borrowed 
money which is evidenced by a certificate of 
indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) or 
which is represented by any bond or debt 
security with an original maturity of more 
than one year which is, or is intended to be, 
or is capable of being listed or traded on a 
stock exchange or other recognized securi-
ties market.  
 
Im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedingungen be-
zeichnet Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit jede 
Verbindlichkeit zur Rückzahlung aufgenom-
mener Geldbeträge, die durch Schuld-
scheindarlehen dokumentiert ist oder 
durch Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige 
Wertpapiere mit einer ursprünglichen Lauf-
zeit von mehr als einem Jahr, die an einer 
Börse oder an einem anderen anerkannten 
Wertpapiermarkt zugelassen oder gehan-
delt werden oder zugelassen oder gehan-
delt werden können, verbrieft, verkörpert 
oder dokumentiert ist. 
Fresenius Medical Care Group means 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and 
its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
Fresenius Medical Care-Konzern bezeich-
net Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
und ihre Tochtergesellschaften auf konsoli-
dierter Basis. 
Subsidiary means, with respect to any Per-
son, any corporation, limited liability com-
pany, association, partnership or other 
business entity whose results of operations 
are consolidated in accordance with IFRS 
with those of: 
 
Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf einen Rechtsträger, eine Kapitalgesell-
schaft, eine Gesellschaft mit Haftungsbe-
schränkung, eine Vereinigung, eine Perso-
nengesellschaft oder ein sonstiges Unter-
nehmen, deren bzw. dessen Ergebnisse ge-
mäß den IFRS mit den Ergebnissen folgen-
der Personen konsolidiert werden:

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
(a) 
such Person; 
 
(a) 
dieses Rechtsträgers; 
(b) 
such Person and one or more Sub-
sidiaries of such Person; or 
 
(b) 
dieses Rechtsträgers und einer oder 
mehreren 
Tochtergesellschaften 
dieses Rechtsträgers; oder 
(c) 
one or more Subsidiaries of such 
Person.  
 
(c) 
einer oder mehrerer Tochtergesell-
schaften dieses Rechtsträgers. 
IFRS refers to International Financial Re-
porting Standards of the International Ac-
counting Standards Board, as adopted by 
the European Union. 
 
IFRS bezeichnet die International Financial 
Reporting Standards des International Ac-
count Standards Board, wie sie von der Eu-
ropäischen Union anerkannt werden. 
(3) 
Guarantee. 
 
(3) 
Garantie. 
Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. (the 
Guarantor) has given an unconditional and 
irrevocable guarantee (the Guarantee) for 
the due and punctual payment of principal 
of, and interest on, and any other amounts 
payable under any Notes. The Guarantee 
constitutes a contract for the benefit of the 
Holders from time to time as third party 
beneficiaries in accordance with § 328 par-
agraph 1 of the German Civil Code (Bürger-
liches Gesetzbuch)1, giving rise to the right 
of each Holder to require performance of 
the Guarantee directly from the Guarantor 
and to enforce the Guarantee directly 
against the Guarantor. Copies of the Guar-
antee may be obtained free of charge at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
 
Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. (die 
Garantiegeberin) hat eine unbedingte und 
unwiderrufliche Garantie (die Garantie) für 
die ordnungsgemäße und pünktliche Zah-
lung von Kapital und Zinsen und allen ande-
ren zu zahlenden Beträgen unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen übernommen. Die 
Garantie stellt einen Vertrag zugunsten der 
Gläubiger als begünstigte Dritte im Sinne 
des § 328 Absatz 1 BGB dar, der jedem Gläu-
biger das Recht gibt, Erfüllung der in der Ga-
rantie übernommenen Verpflichtungen un-
mittelbar von der Garantiegeberin zu ver-
langen und diese Verpflichtungen unmittel-
bar gegen die Garantiegeberin durchzuset-
zen. Kopien der Garantie können kostenlos 
bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle bezogen werden. 
(4) 
Release of Guarantee. 
 
(4) 
Freigabe der Garantie. 
Pursuant to its terms, the Guarantee (but 
not any payment obligation under the 
Guarantee which has already become due 
and payable) will be automatically and un-
conditionally released (and thereupon shall 
terminate and be discharged and be of no 
 
Gemäß ihren Bestimmungen wird die Ga-
rantie (aber keine Zahlungsverpflichtung im 
Rahmen der Garantie, die bereits fällig und 
zahlbar geworden ist) automatisch und un-
bedingt freigegeben (und gilt von diesem 
Zeitpunkt an als erloschen und unwirksam), 
 
1  An English language convenience translation of § 328 paragraph 1 BGB (German Civil Code) reads as follows: A contract 
may stipulate performance for the benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right directly to 
demand performance.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
further force and effect) at any time when 
the Guarantor is no longer an Obligor under 
the Syndicated Credit Facility (as defined 
below), provided that, if under the Syndi-
cated Credit Facility, a new guarantee is 
granted, the Issuer will procure that sub-
stantially the same guarantee will also be 
granted in respect of the obligations under 
the Notes for the benefit of the Holders. 
sobald die Garantiegeberin nicht mehr Ver-
pflichtete unter der Syndizierten Kreditlinie 
ist, wobei, sollte unter der syndizierten Kre-
ditlinie (wie nachstehend definiert) eine 
neue Garantie gestellt werden, die Emitten-
tin sicherstellen wird, dass eine Garantie zu 
den im Wesentlichen gleichen Bedingungen 
auch in Ansehung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen zugunsten der Gläubiger gestellt wird. 
Syndicated Credit Facility means the syndi-
cated credit facility dated as of July 1, 2021 
among the Issuer and the Guarantor as bor-
rowers and guarantors, Bank of America Eu-
rope DAC as administrative agent and the 
lenders named therein, (as amended, re-
stated, 
modified, 
extended, 
renewed 
and/or supplemented or as refinanced or 
replaced from time to time). 
 
Syndizierte Kreditlinie bedeutet die syndi-
zierte Kreditlinie vom 1. Juli 2021 zwischen 
der Emittentin, der Garantiegeberin als Kre-
ditnehmer und Garanten, der Bank of Ame-
rica Europe DAC, als Verwaltungsagent und 
den darin genannten Kreditgebern (in der 
jeweils gültigen Fassung, angepasst, modifi-
ziert, erweitert, erneuert und/oder ergänzt 
oder refinanziert oder ersetzt). 
(5) 
In case of a release of the Guarantee, the 
Issuer will notify the Holders pursuant to 
§ 12. 
 
(5) 
Im Fall einer Freigabe der Garantie wird die 
Emittentin dies den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 
mitteilen. 
§ 3 
(INTEREST) 
 
§ 3 
(ZINSEN) 
(1) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment 
Dates. 
 
(1) 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their Spec-
ified Denomination at the rate of [Rate of 
Interest]% per annum from (and including) 
[Interest Commencement Date] to (but ex-
cluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in § 
5(1)). Interest shall be payable in arrears on 
[Interest Payment Date(s)] in each year 
(each such date, an Interest Payment 
Date). The first payment of interest shall be 
made on [First Interest Payment Date] [if 
the First Interest Payment Date is not the 
first anniversary of the Interest Com-
mencement Date, the following applies: 
and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount 
per Specified Denomination] per Specified 
Denomination.] [If Maturity Date is not an 
Interest Payment Date, the following ap-
plies: Interest in respect of the period from 
(and including) [last Interest Payment Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] to (but 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezo-
gen auf ihre Festgelegte Stückelung ver-
zinst, und zwar vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in 
§ 5(1) definiert) (ausschließlich) mit jährlich 
[Zinssatz]%. Die Zinsen sind nachträglich 
am [Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden Jahres 
zahlbar (jeweils ein Zinszahlungstag). Die 
erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am [erster Zins-
zahlungstag] [sofern der erste Zinszah-
lungstag nicht der erste Jahrestag des Ver-
zinsungsbeginns ist, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: und beläuft sich auf [anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegte Stücke-
lung] je Festgelegte Stückelung.] [Sofern 
der Fälligkeitstag kein Zinszahlungstag ist, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Die Zinsen für 
den Zeitraum vom [letzter dem Fälligkeits-
tag vorausgehender Zinszahlungstag] (ein-
schließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
excluding) the Maturity Date will amount to 
[Final Broken Amount per Specified De-
nomination] per Specified Denomination.] 
(ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf [abschlie-
ßender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegte 
Stückelung] je Festgelegte Stückelung.] 
(2) 
Accrual of Interest. 
 
(2) 
Auflaufende Zinsen. 
The Notes shall cease to bear interest from 
the expiry of the day preceding the day on 
which they are due for redemption. If the 
Issuer for any reason fails to redeem the 
Notes when due, interest shall continue to 
accrue at the default rate of interest estab-
lished by statutory law2 on the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
from (and including) the due date to (but 
excluding) the day on which such redemp-
tion payment is made to the Holders. 
 
Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen en-
det mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag vo-
rangeht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig 
werden. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldver-
schreibungen bei Fälligkeit aus irgendeinem 
Grund nicht zurückzahlt, wird der ausste-
hende Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldver-
schreibungen von dem Tag der Fälligkeit 
(einschließlich) bis zum Tag der vollständi-
gen Rückzahlung an die Gläubiger (aus-
schließlich) mit dem gesetzlich bestimmten 
Verzugszins3 verzinst. 
(3) 
Calculation of Interest for Periods other 
than a full Year. 
 
(3) 
Berechnung der Zinsen für Zeiträume, die 
nicht einem vollen Jahr entsprechen. 
If interest is to be calculated for a period 
other than a full year, it shall be calculated 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction (as 
defined below). [If the Specified Currency is 
Euro and if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is appli-
cable, the following applies: The number of 
Interest Payment Dates per calendar year 
(each a Determination Date) is [number of 
regular Interest Payment Dates per calen-
dar year].] 
 
Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum, der nicht 
einem vollen Jahr entspricht, zu berechnen 
sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grund-
lage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachfol-
gend definiert). [Falls die Festgelegte Wäh-
rung Euro ist, und falls Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) anwendbar ist, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: Die Anzahl der Zinszahlungstage 
im Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein Feststellungs-
termin) beträgt [Anzahl der regulären Zins-
zahlungstage im Kalenderjahr].] 
(4) 
Day Count Fraction. 
 
(4) 
Zinstagequotient. 
Day Count Fraction means with regard to 
the calculation of the amount of interest on 
the Notes for any period of time (the Calcu-
lation Period): 
 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet im Hinblick 
auf die Berechnung von Zinsbeträgen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen für einen belie-
bigen Zeitraum (der Zinsberechnungszeit-
raum): 
 
2  The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest pub-
lished by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code. 
3  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von 
Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
[If the Specified Currency is Euro and if Ac-
tual/Actual (ICMA) is applicable the fol-
lowing applies: 
[Falls die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist 
und Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to 
or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Calculation 
Period ends, the number of days in 
such Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determina-
tion Dates (as specified in § 3(3)) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
 
(a) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
kürzer ist als die Feststellungsperi-
ode, in die das Ende des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraumes fällt oder ihr ent-
spricht, die Anzahl der Tage in dem 
betreffenden Zinsberechnungszeit-
raum geteilt durch das Produkt (1) 
der Anzahl der Tage in der Feststel-
lungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstermine (wie in § 3(3) 
angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; 
oder 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer 
than the Determination Period dur-
ing which the Calculation Period 
ends, the sum of: (A) the number of 
days in such Calculation Period fall-
ing in the Determination Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins 
divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determina-
tion Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in 
§ 3(3)) that would occur in one cal-
endar year and (B) the number of 
days in such Calculation Period fall-
ing in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determina-
tion Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in 
§ 3(3)) that would occur in one cal-
endar year. 
 
(b) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
länger ist als die Feststellungsperi-
ode, in die das Ende des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraumes fällt, die Summe 
aus (A) der Anzahl der Tage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in wel-
cher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
beginnt, geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der An-
zahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in 
§ 3(3) angegeben) in einem Kalen-
derjahr und (B) der Anzahl der Tage 
in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die in die nächste Feststellungsperi-
ode fallen, geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Feststellungsperiode und (2) der An-
zahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in 
§ 3(3) angegeben) in einem Kalen-
derjahr. 
Determination Period means the period 
from (and including) a Determination Date 
to, (but excluding) the next Determination 
Date. For the purpose of determining the 
relevant Determination Period, [deemed 
Interest Payment Date(s)] shall [each] be 
deemed to be a Determination Date.] 
 
Feststellungsperiode ist die Periode ab ei-
nem Feststellungstermin (einschließlich 
desselben) bis zum nächsten Feststellungs-
termin (ausschließlich desselben). Zum 
Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen 
Feststellungsperiode ist [fiktive(r) Zinszah-
lungstag(e)] [jeweils] ein Feststellungster-
min.]

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond 
Basis the following applies: the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, the number of days to be calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 
30-day months (unless (A) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a 
month but the first day of the Calculation 
Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st 
day of a month, in which case the month 
that includes that last day shall not be con-
sidered to be shortened to a 30-day month, 
or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period 
is the last day of the month of February in 
which case the month of February shall not 
be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond 
Basis, ist folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl 
von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, di-
vidiert durch 360, wobei die Anzahl der 
Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Ta-
gen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der 
letzte Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums 
fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monates, wäh-
rend der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch auf den 
31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in welchem Fall 
der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als 
ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu behan-
deln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten 
Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall 
der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
the following applies: the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the ba-
sis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day 
months, without regard to the date of the 
first day or last day of the Calculation Period 
unless, in the case of the final Calculation 
Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of 
the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl der 
Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert 
durch 360 (dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf 
der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen 
mit zwölf Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermit-
teln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des 
Datums des ersten oder letzten Tages des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei denn, 
dass im Fall einer am Fälligkeitstag enden-
den Zinsperiode der Fälligkeitstag der letzte 
Tag des Monats Februar ist, in welchem Fall 
der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Mo-
nat zu 30 Tagen verlängert gilt).] 
§ 4 
(PAYMENTS) 
 
§ 4 
(ZAHLUNGEN) 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Payment of Inter-
est. 
 
(1) 
Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zahlung von Zin-
sen. 
(a) 
Payment of principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the accounts of the rele-
vant account holders of the Clearing 
System. 
 
(a) 
Zahlungen von Kapital auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem 
oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf 
den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoin-
haber des Clearingsystems.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
(b) 
Payment of Interest on the Notes 
shall be made, subject to subpara-
graph (2), to the Clearing System or 
to its order for credit to the accounts 
of the relevant account holders of 
the Clearing System. 
 
(b) 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absat-
zes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber 
des Clearingsystems. 
[In the case of interest payable on a Tem-
porary Global Note, the following applies: 
Payment of interest on Notes represented 
by the Temporary Global Note shall be 
made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant account hold-
ers of the Clearing System, upon due certi-
fication as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine Vorläu-
fige Globalurkunde ist folgendes anwend-
bar: Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldver-
schreibungen, die durch die Vorläufige Glo-
balurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweili-
gen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und 
zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheini-
gung gemäß § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws 
and regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in the 
Specified Currency. 
 
Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und 
sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vor-
schriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der Fest-
gelegten Währung. 
(3) 
Discharge. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllung. 
The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guar-
antor shall be discharged by payment to, or 
to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
Die Emittentin bzw. die Garantiegeberin 
wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) 
Payment Business Day. 
 
(4) 
Zahltag. 
If the date for payment of any amount in re-
spect of any Note is not a Payment Business 
Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next such day in the rele-
vant place and shall not be entitled to fur-
ther interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay. 
 
Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Be-
zug auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen 
Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläu-
biger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäfts-
ort. Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, wei-
tere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen auf-
grund dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
For these purposes, Payment Business Day 
means any day (other than a Saturday or a 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet Zahltag einen 
Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag),

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Sunday) on which the Clearing System is op-
erational 
an dem das Clearingsystem betriebsbereit 
ist, 
[In the case the Notes are not denominated 
in Euro the following applies: and on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in [relevant finan-
cial center(s)][.]] 
 
[Im Fall von nicht auf Euro lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: und an dem Geschäftsbanken 
und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [rele-
vante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln[.]] 
[In the case the Notes are denominated in 
Euro the following applies: as well as all rel-
evant parts of TARGET2 are operational to 
forward the relevant payment]. 
 
[Im Fall von auf Euro lautenden Schuldver-
schreibungen ist folgendes anwendbar: so-
wie alle betroffenen Bereiche des TARGET2 
betriebsbereit sind, um die betreffenden 
Zahlungen weiterzuleiten.] 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
References in these Terms and Conditions 
to principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: [if the 
Notes are redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer for other than tax reasons or rea-
sons of minimal outstanding principal 
amount, the following applies: the Call Re-
demption Amount of the Notes;] [if the 
Notes are redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer (Make-Whole), the following ap-
plies: the Make-Whole Amount of the 
Notes;] [If the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a Transaction Trig-
ger Event the following applies: the Event 
Redemption Amount of the Notes] [if the 
Notes are redeemable at the option of the 
Holder other than for reason of a Change 
of Control the following applies: the Put 
Redemption Amount of the Notes;] and any 
premium and any other amounts which 
may be payable under or in respect of the 
Notes. References in these Terms and Con-
ditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, 
any Additional Amounts which may be pay-
able under § 7. 
 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedin-
gungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibun-
gen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die fol-
genden Beträge ein: [falls die Emittentin 
das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen aus anderen als steuerlichen Grün-
den oder aufgrund eines geringfügigen 
ausstehenden Nennbetrags vorzeitig zu-
rückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls die Emitten-
tin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen (Make-
Whole), ist folgendes anwendbar: den 
Make-Whole Betrag der Schuldverschrei-
bungen;] [falls die Emittentin das Wahl-
recht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vor-
zeitig bei Eintritt eines Transaktions-Ereig-
nisses zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: den Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls der 
Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuld-
verschreibungen, außer bei Vorliegen ei-
nes Kontrollwechsels, vorzeitig zu kündi-
gen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldver-
schreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag so-
wie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedin-
gungen auf Zinsen auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
sollen, 
soweit 
anwendbar,

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren Zusätzlichen 
Beträge einschließen. 
(6) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. 
 
(6) 
Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. 
The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guar-
antor may deposit with the local court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt/Main principal 
or interest not claimed by Holders within 
twelve months after the Maturity Date, 
even though such Holders may not be in de-
fault of acceptance of payment. If and to 
the extent that the deposit is effected and 
the right of withdrawal is waived, the re-
spective claims of such Holders against the 
Issuer shall cease. 
 
Die Emittentin bzw. die Garantiegeberin ist 
berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am 
Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterle-
gen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die 
Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug be-
finden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung er-
folgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet wird, erlöschen die diesbezügli-
chen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die 
Emittentin. 
§ 5 
(REDEMPTION) 
 
§ 5 
(RÜCKZAHLUNG) 
(1) 
Final Redemption. 
 
(1) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in 
part or purchased and cancelled, the Notes 
shall be redeemed at their principal amount 
on [Maturity Date] (the Maturity Date). 
 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teil-
weise zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und 
entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibun-
gen zu ihrem Nennbetrag am [Fälligkeits-
tag] (der Fälligkeitstag) zurückgezahlt. 
(2) 
Early Redemption at the option of the Is-
suer for Reasons of Taxation. 
 
(2) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
If as a result of any change in, or amend-
ment to, the laws, treaties, regulations or 
official position of any Relevant Taxing Ju-
risdiction (as defined in § 7 herein) or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereto or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any 
change in, or amendment to, an official in-
terpretation or application of such laws or 
regulations, which amendment or change is 
effective on or after the date on which the 
series of Notes was issued, the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, is required 
to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 
7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this 
obligation cannot be avoided by the use of 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insge-
samt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der 
Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von 
nicht mehr als 60 und nicht weniger als 30 
Tagen durch Erklärung gegenüber der Emis-
sionsstelle und Benachrichtigung gemäß § 
12 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig ge-
kündigt und zu ihrem Nennbetrag zuzüglich 
etwaiger bis zum für die Rückzahlung fest-
gesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufe-
ner Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die 
Emittentin oder die Garantiegeberin als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze, -abkommen, 
-vorschriften und offiziellen Verlautbarun-
gen einer Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion 
(wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert)

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
reasonable measures available to the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, the 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not 
in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not 
more than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' 
prior notice of redemption given to the Fis-
cal Agent and, in accordance with § 12 to 
the Holders, at their principal amount, to-
gether with interest (if any) accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption (excluding). 
oder deren politischen Untergliederungen 
oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung 
oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Ge-
setze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, 
diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am 
oder nach dem Tag, an dem die Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben 
wird, 
wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszah-
lungstag (wie in § 3(1) definiert) zur Zahlung 
von Zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser 
Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein 
wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch 
das Ergreifen zumutbarer, der Emittentin 
oder der Garantiegeberin zur Verfügung 
stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden 
kann. 
However, no such notice of redemption 
may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer or 
the Guarantor would be obligated to pay 
such Additional Amounts were a payment 
in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at 
the time such notice is given, such obliga-
tion to pay such Additional Amounts does 
not remain in effect. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht 
(i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmögli-
chen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emitten-
tin oder die Garantiegeberin verpflichtet 
wäre, solche Zusätzlichen Beträge zu zah-
len, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder 
(ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu 
dem die Kündigung erklärt wird, die Ver-
pflichtung zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Be-
trägen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance 
with § 12. It shall be irrevocable, must spec-
ify the date fixed for redemption and must 
set forth a statement in summary form of 
the facts constituting the basis for the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung ist gemäß § 12 be-
kanntzumachen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, 
muss den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten 
Termin nennen und eine zusammenfas-
sende Erklärung enthalten, welche die das 
Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begrün-
denden Umständen darlegt. 
Before the publication of any notice of re-
demption pursuant to this subparagraph, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by a member of the man-
aging board of the general partner of the Is-
suer stating that the Issuer is entitled to ef-
fect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the condi-
tions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal counsel or tax advisers of 
recognized standing to the effect that the 
 
Vor Bekanntgabe einer Mitteilung über 
eine Rückzahlung gemäß diesen Bestim-
mungen hat die Emittentin der Emissions-
stelle eine von einem Mitglied des Vor-
stands des Komplementärs der Emittentin 
unterzeichnete Bescheinigung zukommen 
zu lassen, der zufolge die Emittentin be-
rechtigt ist, eine entsprechende Rückzah-
lung zu leisten, und in der nachvollziehbar 
dargelegt ist, dass die Bedingungen für das 
Recht der Emittentin zur Rückzahlung ge-
mäß diesen Bestimmungen erfüllt sind;

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, 
has or will become obliged to pay such Ad-
ditional Amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment. 
zusätzlich hat die Emittentin ein von unab-
hängigen und anerkannten Rechts- oder 
Steuerberatern erstelltes Gutachten vorzu-
legen, demzufolge die Emittentin oder die 
Garantiegeberin in Folge einer entspre-
chenden Änderung oder Ergänzung zur Zah-
lung Zusätzlicher Beträge verpflichtet ist 
oder sein wird. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal 
Outstanding Principal Amount, the following ap-
plies: 
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei geringfügigem ausstehendem 
Nennbetrag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Is-
suer for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding 
Principal Amount. 
 
(3) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei geringfügigem ausstehen-
dem Nennbetrag. 
If 80% or more in principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding have been re-
deemed or purchased by the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary of Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA, the Issuer may, on not less than 
30 or more than 60 days' notice to the Hold-
ers redeem, at its option, the remaining 
Notes as a whole at their principal amount, 
together with interest (if any) accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption (excluding).] 
 
Wenn 80% oder mehr des Nennbetrags der 
dann ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin oder eine Tochterge-
sellschaft der Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA zurückgezahlt oder zurückerwor-
ben wurde, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden Schuld-
verschreibungen mit einer Frist von min-
destens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen gegen-
über den Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum 
Nennbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelau-
fener Zinsen zurück zu zahlen.] 
[If the Holders may request the repurchase of the 
Notes upon a Change of Control, the following ap-
plies:  
 
[Falls die Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontroll-
wechsels den Ankauf der Schuldverschreibungen 
verlangen können, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(4)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Hold-
ers upon a Change of Control. 
 
[(4)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontroll-
wechsels. 
Each Holder of the Notes, upon the occur-
rence of a Change of Control Triggering 
Event, will have the right (unless, prior to 
the giving of the Put Event Notice referred 
to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem 
the Notes in accordance with § 5(2), i.e. for 
taxation reasons) to require that the Issuer 
repurchases such Holder's Notes on the Op-
tional Redemption Date at a purchase price 
in cash equal to 101% of the principal 
 
Falls ein Kontrollwechselereignis stattfin-
det, hat jeder Gläubiger das Recht (soweit 
die Emittentin nicht bereits vor Abgabe der 
Vorzeitigen Rückkaufsgrunderklärung (wie 
nachstehend definiert) die Rückzahlung ge-
mäß § 5(2), d.h. aus steuerlichen Gründen, 
erklärt hat) von der Emittentin am Stichtag 
den Rückkauf seiner Schuldverschreibun-
gen zu einem Kaufpreis von 101% des 
Nennbetrags zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
amount together with interest (if any) ac-
crued to the Optional Redemption Date (ex-
cluding). 
Stichtag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zin-
sen zu verlangen. 
In this context the following provisions ap-
ply: 
 
In diesem Zusammenhang finden die fol-
genden Vorschriften Anwendung: 
Change of Control Triggering Event means 
the occurrence of a Change of Control to-
gether with a Ratings Decline. 
 
Ein Kontrollwechselereignis liegt vor, wenn 
ein Kontrollwechsel zusammen mit einer 
Ratingherabstufung eintreten. 
Rating Agency means (1) S&P Global Rat-
ings Europe Limited and its subsidiaries or 
successors (S&P), (2) Moody's Deutschland 
GmbH and its subsidiaries or successors 
(Moody's), and (3) Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited and its subsidiaries or successors 
(Fitch), or (4) if S&P, Moody's or Fitch, or all 
three shall not make rating of Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA publicly avail-
able, a European-wide reputable securities 
rating agency or agencies, as the case may 
be, selected by Fresenius Medical Care AG 
& Co. KGaA, which shall be substituted for 
S&P, Moody's or Fitch or all three, as the 
case may be. 
 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet (1) S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited sowie deren Toch-
ter- oder Nachfolgergesellschaften (S&P), 
(2)·Moody's Deutschland GmbH sowie de-
ren Tochter- oder Nachfolgergesellschaften 
(Moody's), (3) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
sowie deren Tochter- oder Nachfolgerge-
sellschaften (Fitch), oder (4) falls S&P, 
Moody's oder Fitch oder alle drei kein Ra-
ting für Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA öffentlich zur Verfügung stellen, eine 
Ratingagentur oder Ratingagenturen mit 
europaweitem Ansehen, die von Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA ausgewählt 
wird und S&P, Moody's oder Fitch oder alle 
diese Agenturen ersetzt. 
Ratings Decline means that if (a), at the 
time of the occurrence of a Change of Con-
trol, Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA's (i) has been, rated Investment 
Grade by at least two Rating Agencies and 
such rating is, within 120 days from such 
time, either downgraded to a non-invest-
ment grade rating or withdrawn by at least 
two Rating Agencies and is not within such 
120-day period subsequently (in the case of 
a downgrade) upgraded to Investment 
Grade by two of the three Rating Agencies, 
or (in the case of withdrawal) replaced by 
an Investment Grade rating from any other 
Rating Agency or Rating Agencies; or (ii) 
rated below Investment Grade and such 
rating from any Rating Agency is, within 120 
days from such time, downgraded by one or 
more gradations (including gradations 
within Rating Categories as well as between 
Rating Categories) and is not within such 
120-day period subsequently upgraded to 
 
Eine Ratingherabstufung liegt vor, falls (a) 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA bei 
Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels (i) von min-
destens zwei Ratingagenturen mit Invest-
ment Grade bewertet ist und diese Ratings 
von mindestens zwei Ratingagenturen in-
nerhalb von 120 Tagen nach dem Kontroll-
wechsel zu einem Non-Investment-Grade-
Rating herabgestuft oder das Rating zurück-
gezogen wurde und nicht innerhalb dieser 
120-Tagesperiode anschließend (im Falle 
einer Herabstufung) durch mindestens zwei 
Ratingagenturen wieder auf ein Investment 
Grade Rating heraufgestuft oder (im Falle 
eines Zurückziehens) durch das Investment 
Grade Rating einer anderen Ratingagentur 
oder Ratingagenturen ersetzt wurde; oder 
(ii) unterhalb von Investment Grade bewer-
tet ist und dieses Rating von einer Ratinga-
gentur innerhalb von 120 Tagen nach dem 
Kontrollwechsel um eine oder mehrere Stu-
fen 
(einschließlich 
Untergliederungen

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
its earlier credit rating or better by such 
Rating Agency, provided that if at the time 
of the occurrence of a Change of Control 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA car-
ries an Investment Grade rating of only one 
Rating Agency, it shall be sufficient if the re-
quirements under sub-paragraph (i) are 
met with respect to such Rating Agency; 
and (b) in making any of the decisions re-
ferred to above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA that 
its decision resulted, in whole or in part, 
from the occurrence of the Change of Con-
trol. 
innerhalb von sowie zwischen Ratingkate-
gorien) herabgestuft und nicht innerhalb 
dieser 120-Tagesperiode anschließend wie-
der auf das ursprüngliche oder ein besseres 
Rating durch diese Ratingagentur heraufge-
stuft wurde, wobei, falls Fresenius Medical 
Care AG & Co. KGaA zum Eintritt des Kon-
trollwechsels über ein Investment-Grade-
Rating von nur einer Ratingagentur verfügt, 
es bereits ausreichend ist, wenn die Voraus-
setzungen in Unterabsatz (i) im Hinblick auf 
diese Ratingagentur erfüllt sind; und (b) im 
Zusammenhang mit einer der oben genann-
ten Entscheidungen die betreffende Ratin-
gagentur öffentlich bekannt macht oder ge-
genüber Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA schriftlich bestätigt, dass ihre Ent-
scheidung ganz oder teilweise auf den Kon-
trollwechsel zurückzuführen ist. 
Provided however that, no Ratings Decline 
will occur if at the end of the 120-day period 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA has 
been rated by at least two Rating Agencies, 
it has solicited, Investment Grade. 
 
Eine Ratingherabstufung liegt jedoch nicht 
vor, falls Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA (aufgrund einer Beauftragung durch 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA) am 
Ende der 120-Tagesperiode von mindes-
tens zwei Ratingagenturen mit Investment 
Grade bewertet wird. 
Rating Category means: 
 
Ratingkategorie bezeichnet: 
(a) 
with respect to S&P or Fitch, any of 
the following categories: BB, B, CCC, 
CC, C and D (or equivalent successor 
categories); 
 
(a) 
in Bezug auf S&P oder Fitch eine der 
folgenden Kategorien: BB, B, CCC, 
CC, C und D (bzw. entsprechende 
Nachfolgekategorien; 
(b) 
with respect to Moody's, any of the 
following categories: Ba, B, Caa, Ca, 
C and D (or equivalent successor cat-
egories); and 
 
(b) 
in Bezug auf Moody's eine der fol-
genden Kategorien: Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C 
und D (bzw. entsprechende Nachfol-
gekategorien); und 
(c) 
the equivalent of any such category 
of S&P, Moody's or Fitch used by an-
other rating agency in determining 
whether the rating of Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA has de-
creased by one or more gradations, 
gradations within rating categories 
("+" and "-" for S&P, "1", "2" and "3" 
for Moody's, "+" and "-" for Fitch; or 
 
(c) 
diesen Kategorien von S&P oder 
Moody's oder Fitch entsprechende 
Ratingkategorien einer anderen Ra-
tingagentur. Bei der Bestimmung, ob 
das Rating von Fresenius Medical 
Care AG & Co. KGaA um eine oder 
mehrere 
Stufen 
herabgestuft 
wurde, werden die jeweiligen Ra-
tingkategorien 
weiter

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
the equivalent gradations for an-
other rating agency) shall be taken 
into account (e.g., with respect to 
S&P, a decline in a rating from "BB+" 
to "BB", as well as from "BB-" to 
"B+", will constitute a decrease of 
one gradation). 
untergliedernde Zusätze ("+" und "-" 
bei S&P, "1", "2" und "3" bei 
Moody's, "+" und "-" bei Fitch bzw. 
entsprechende Zusätze anderer Ra-
tingagenturen) berücksichtigt (z. B. 
entspricht bei S&P eine Ratingände-
rung von "BB+" auf "BB" oder von 
"BB-" auf "B+" jeweils einer Herab-
stufung um eine Stufe). 
Investment Grade means a rating of 
(i) "BBB-" or higher by S&P and Fitch, and 
(ii) "Baa3" or higher by Moody's, or the 
equivalent of such ratings by S&P, Moody's 
or Fitch and the equivalent in respect of rat-
ing categories of any Rating Agencies sub-
stituted for S&P, Moody's or Fitch. 
 
Investment Grade bezeichnet ein Rating 
von (i) "BBB-" oder höher im Fall von S&P 
und Fitch und (ii) "Baa3" oder höher im Fall 
von Moody's, oder das entsprechende 
Äquivalent dieser Ratings im Fall von S&P, 
Moody's oder Fitch sowie das entspre-
chende Äquivalent in den Ratingkategorien 
einer anderen Ratingagentur, durch die 
S&P, Moody's oder Fitch ersetzt wurde. 
A Change of Control means the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events: 
 
Ein Kontrollwechsel bezeichnet den Eintritt 
eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereig-
nisse: 
(a) 
so long as Fresenius Medical Care AG 
& Co. KGaA is organized as a KGaA, if 
the General Partner of Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
charged with the management of 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA shall at any time fail to be 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA or a subsid-
iary of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, or if 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA shall fail at 
any time to own or control, directly 
or indirectly, more than 25 % of the 
capital stock with ordinary voting 
power in Fresenius Medical Care AG 
& Co. KGaA; 
 
(a) 
so lange Fresenius Medical Care AG 
& Co. KGaA die Rechtsform einer 
KGaA hat: Wenn es sich bei dem mit 
der Geschäftsführung von Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA beauf-
tragten Komplementär der Gesell-
schaft zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
nicht um Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
oder eine Tochtergesellschaft der 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA handelt 
oder wenn Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt direkt 
oder indirekt nicht mehr als 25 % des 
stimmberechtigten 
Grundkapitals 
an Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA hält und kontrolliert; 
(b) 
if Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA is no longer organized as a 
KGaA, any event the result of which 
is that (A) any person or group (Rel-
evant Person(s)) acting in concert 
(as defined in § 30 (2) of the German 
Securities Acquisition and Takeover 
Act 
(Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und 
Übernahmegesetz)) or any person or 
 
(b) 
wenn Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA nicht mehr die Rechtsform 
einer KGaA hat, ein Ereignis, in des-
sen Folge (A) eine Person oder meh-
rere Personen (Relevante Perso-
nen), die abgestimmt handeln (wie 
in § 30 (2) Wertpapiererwerbs- und 
Übernahmegesetz definiert), oder 
einer oder mehrere Dritte, die im

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
group acting on behalf of any such 
Relevant Person(s), other than a Per-
mitted Holder, is or becomes the di-
rect or indirect legal or beneficial 
ownership or any legal or beneficial 
entitlement (as defined in § 34 of 
the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz)) of, in 
the aggregate, more than 50% of the 
voting shares of Fresenius Medical 
Care AG & Co. KGaA; or 
Auftrag einer solchen Relevanten 
Personen handeln, mit Ausnahme 
eines Zulässigen Inhabers, unmittel-
bar oder mittelbar rechtliches oder 
wirtschaftliches Eigentum in jedwe-
der Form bzw. die unmittelbare oder 
mittelbare rechtliche oder wirt-
schaftliche Verfügungsbefugnis in 
jedweder Form (wie in § 34 Wertpa-
pierhandelsgesetz beschrieben) an 
insgesamt mehr als 50% der stimm-
berechtigten Aktien der Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA erlan-
gen; oder 
(c) 
any sale, lease, exchange or other 
transfer (in one transaction or a se-
ries of related transactions) of all or 
substantially all of the assets of 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA (held directly or indirectly) to 
any Relevant Person other than a 
Permitted Holder, or any person or 
group acting on behalf of any such 
Relevant Person(s). 
 
(c) 
ein Verkauf, ein Leasing, ein Tausch 
oder eine sonstige Übertragung (im 
Rahmen einer einzigen Transaktion 
oder einer Reihe miteinander zu-
sammenhängender Transaktionen) 
aller oder aller wesentlichen Vermö-
genswerte (direkt oder indirekt ge-
halten) der Fresenius Medical Care 
AG & Co. KGaA an eine oder meh-
rere Relevante Personen, mit Aus-
nahme eines Zulässigen Inhabers, 
oder einen oder mehrere Dritte, die 
im Auftrag solcher Relevanten Per-
sonen handeln. 
General Partner means Fresenius Medical 
Care Management AG, a stock corporation 
organized under the laws of Germany, in-
cluding its successors and assigns and other 
Persons, in each case who serve as the gen-
eral partner (persönlich haftender Gesell-
schafter) of Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA from time to time. 
 
Komplementär bezeichnet die Fresenius 
Medical Care Management AG, eine Aktien-
gesellschaft nach deutschem Recht, sowie 
ihre Nachfolger, Abtretungsempfänger und 
sonstige Personen, die zum jeweiligen Zeit-
punkt als persönlich haftender Gesellschaf-
ter von Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA auftreten. 
Person means any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, 
joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated 
organization, government or any agency, 
instrumentality or political subdivision 
thereof, or any other entity. 
 
Person bezeichnet eine natürliche Person, 
eine Körperschaft, eine Personengesell-
schaft, ein Joint Venture, eine Vereinigung, 
eine Aktiengesellschaft, einen Trust, eine 
Einrichtung ohne eigene Rechtspersönlich-
keit, eine staatliche Stelle oder Behörde, 
eine Gebietskörperschaft oder einen sons-
tigen Rechtsträger.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Permitted Holder means Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA and any of its Affiliates, as long as and 
to the extent Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA or 
the relevant Affiliate(s) is or are not acting 
in concert with, or on behalf of, a Relevant 
Person(s).  
 
Zulässiger 
Inhaber 
bezeichnet 
die 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA und alle mit ihr 
verbundenen Personen, sofern und soweit 
die Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA oder eine oder 
mehrere mit ihr verbundene Person(en) 
nicht gemeinsam mit oder im Auftrag einer 
oder mehrerer Relevanten Person(en) han-
deln. 
Affiliate of any specified Person means: 
 
Verbundene Person einer bestimmten Per-
son bezeichnet: 
(a) 
any other Person, directly or indi-
rectly, controlling or controlled by 
such specified Person, or 
 
(a) 
jede andere Person, die diese Person 
direkt oder indirekt kontrolliert bzw. 
direkt oder indirekt von ihr kontrol-
liert wird, oder 
(b) 
under direct or indirect common 
control with such specified Person. 
 
(b) 
mit dieser bestimmten Person unter 
direkter oder indirekter gemeinsa-
mer Kontrolle steht. 
For the purposes of this definition, "con-
trol" when used with respect to any Person 
means the power to direct the manage-
ment and policies of such Person, directly or 
indirectly, whether through the ownership 
of voting securities, by contract or other-
wise (section 15 of the German Stock Cor-
poration Act (Aktiengesetz); and the terms 
"controlling" and "controlled" have mean-
ings correlative to the foregoing. 
 
Für den Zweck dieser Definition bezeichnet 
"Kontrolle" bei Verwendung in Bezug auf 
eine Person die Befugnis, deren Geschäfts-
führung und Unternehmenspolitik direkt 
oder indirekt zu bestimmen (§ 15 Aktienge-
setz), sei es durch den Besitz von stimmbe-
rechtigten Kapitalanteilen, eine vertragli-
che Festlegung oder anderweitig, und die 
Bedeutung der Begriffe "kontrolliert" und 
"kontrollieren" ist entsprechend zu verste-
hen. 
Within 30 days upon the Issuer becoming 
aware that a Change of Control Triggering 
Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give no-
tice (a Put Event Notice) to the Holders in 
accordance with § 12 stating: 
 
Innerhalb von 30 Tagen, nachdem die Emit-
tentin von einem Kontrollwechselereignis 
Kenntnis erlangt hat, wird die Emittentin 
dies den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 bekannt 
machen (Vorzeitige Rückkaufsgrunderklä-
rung) und dabei folgendes mitteilen: 
(a) 
that a Change of Control Triggering 
Event has occurred; 
 
(a) 
dass ein Kontrollwechselereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(b) 
the circumstances and relevant facts 
regarding such Change of Control 
Triggering Event; 
 
(b) 
die Umstände und relevanten Infor-
mationen bezüglich des Kontroll-
wechselereignisses; 
(c) 
the repurchase date (which shall be 
no earlier than 30 days nor later than 
60 days from the date such Put Event 
 
(c) 
den Tag des Rückkaufs (der nicht frü-
her als 30 und nicht später als 60 
Tage nach dem Tag, an dem die

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Notice is given) (the Optional Re-
demption Date); 
Vorzeitige Rückkaufsgrunderklärung 
erfolgt, liegen darf) (der Stichtag); 
(d) 
that each Note will be subject to re-
purchase only in integral multiples of 
the Specified Denomination; and 
 
(d) 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen nur 
in ganzen Vielfachen der Festgeleg-
ten Stückelung zurückgekauft wer-
den; und 
(e) 
the instructions determined by the 
Issuer that a Holder must follow in 
order to have its Notes purchased 
pursuant to this § 5(4). 
 
(e) 
die Anweisungen, die ein Gläubiger 
befolgen muss, damit die Schuldver-
schreibungen gemäß diesem § 5(4) 
zurückgekauft werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder 
must submit during normal business hours 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent a 
duly completed option exercise notice in 
the form available from the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent within the period of 20 
days after a Put Event Notice is given. No 
option so exercised may be revoked or 
withdrawn without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
 
Um ein solches Recht auszuüben, muss ein 
Gläubiger während der allgemeinen Ge-
schäftszeiten bei der angegebenen Ge-
schäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine voll-
ständig ausgefüllte Ausübungserklärung in 
der durch die Emissionsstelle bereitgestell-
ten Form innerhalb eines Zeitraums von 20 
Tagen nach Bekanntmachung der Vorzeiti-
gen Rückzahlungserklärung übermitteln. 
Kein in dieser Form ausgeübtes Recht kann 
ohne vorherige Zustimmung der Emittentin 
widerrufen oder zurückgezogen werden. 
The Issuer will comply with the require-
ments of any applicable securities laws or 
regulations in connection with an early re-
demption of Notes at the option of the 
Holders upon a Change of Control pursuant 
to this § 5(4). To the extent that the provi-
sions of any securities laws or regulations or 
applicable stock exchange listing rules con-
flict with the provisions of this § 5(4), the Is-
suer will comply with the applicable securi-
ties laws, regulations and listing rules and 
will not be deemed to have breached its ob-
ligations under this § 5(4) by virtue 
thereof.] 
 
Die Emittentin wird die Anforderungen der 
anwendbaren 
Wertpapiergesetze 
oder 
-vorschriften im Zusammenhang mit einer 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung von Schuldver-
schreibungen nach Wahl der Inhaber bei ei-
nem Kontrollwechsel gemäß diesem § 5 Ab-
satz 4 erfüllen. Soweit die Bestimmungen 
eines Wertpapiergesetzes oder -verord-
nung oder eines anwendbaren Börsenzulas-
sungsregelwerks im Widerspruch zu den 
Bestimmungen dieses § 5(4) stehen, wird 
die Emittentin die anwendbaren Wertpa-
piergesetze, -verordnungen und -regel-
werke einhalten und dies wird nicht als Ver-
letzung ihrer Pflichten aus diesem § 5(4) an-
gesehen werden.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(5)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Is-
suer. 
 
[(5)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem 
all or some only of the Notes within 
the Call Redemption Period(s) at the 
Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth 
below together with accrued inter-
est, if any, to (but excluding) the rel-
evant redemption date. 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie 
gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt 
oder teilweise innerhalb des/der 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungszeitraums/-
räume (Call) zum/zu den Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen 
(Call), wie nachfolgend angegeben, 
nebst etwaigen bis zum maßgebli-
chen Rückzahlungstag (ausschließ-
lich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurück-
zahlen. 
 
Call Redemption 
Period(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
Wahl-Rückzah-
lungszeitraum/-
räume  
(Call) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/-beträge  
(Call) 
[Call Redemp-
tion Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[Wahl-Rück-
zahlungszeit-
raum/-räume] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/-beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Holder, the following ap-
plies: The Issuer may not exercise such op-
tion in respect of any Note which is the sub-
ject of the prior exercise by the Holder 
thereof of its option to require the redemp-
tion of such Note under subparagraph [(7)] 
of this § 5.] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündi-
gen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der Emitten-
tin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf 
eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rück-
zahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(7)] dieses 
§ 5 verlangt hat.] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given 
by the Issuer to the Holders of the 
Notes in accordance with § 12. Such 
notice shall specify:  
 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzuge-
ben. Sie muss die folgenden Angaben 
enthalten: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to 
redemption; 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie 
von Schuldverschreibungen;  
(ii) 
whether such series is to be 
redeemed in whole or in part 
only and, if in part only, the 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie 
ganz oder teilweise zurückge-
zahlt wird und im letzteren

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes which are to be re-
deemed; 
Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen;  
(iii) 
the relevant redemption date, 
which shall be not less than 20 
nor more than 40 days after 
the date on which notice is 
given by the Issuer to the 
Holders; and 
 
(iii) 
den maßgeblichen Rückzah-
lungstag, der nicht weniger als 
20 und nicht mehr als 40 Tage 
nach dem Tag der Kündigung 
durch die Emittentin gegen-
über den Gläubigern liegen 
darf; und 
(iv) 
the Call Redemption Amount 
at which such Notes are to be 
redeemed. 
 
(iv) 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag (Call), zu dem die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
zurückge-
zahlt werden. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules 
of the relevant Clearing System. [In 
the case of Notes in NGN form, the 
following applies: For technical pro-
cedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a 
partial redemption the outstanding 
redemption amount will be reflected 
in the records of the ICSDs as either a 
reduction in nominal amount or as a 
pool factor, at the discretion of the 
ICSDs.]] 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, wer-
den die zurückzuzahlenden Schuld-
verschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstim-
mung mit den Regeln des betreffen-
den 
Clearingsystems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in 
Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Für das tech-
nische Verfahren der ICSDs wird im 
Fall einer teilweisen Rückzahlung der 
entstehende 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
entweder als reduzierter Nennbetrag 
oder als Poolfaktor nach Ermessen 
der ICSDs in das Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommen.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Make-Whole), the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuld-
verschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen (Make-
Whole), ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(6)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Is-
suer. 
 
[(6)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emit-
tentin. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem 
all or some only of the Notes at its op-
tion, at a redemption price equal to 
100% of the principal amount of the 
Notes being redeemed plus accrued 
interest, if any, to the redemption 
date, plus the excess of: 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie ge-
mäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder teilweise nach ihrer Wahl zu ei-
nem Rückzahlungsbetrag von 100% 
des Nennbetrags, nebst etwaigen bis 
zum maßgeblichen Rückzahlungstag

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zin-
sen, zuzüglich des Betrages, um den 
(i) 
as determined by the Calcula-
tion Agent, the sum of the pre-
sent values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of princi-
pal and interest on the Notes 
being redeemed not including 
any portion of such payment 
of interest accrued on the date 
of redemption, from the re-
demption date to the earlier of 
(x) the first day on which the 
Notes may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer at 
their principal amount and (y) 
the Maturity Date, discounted 
to the redemption date [in 
case of discounting on a semi-
annual basis, the following 
applies: on a semi-annual ba-
sis (assuming a 360-day year 
consisting of twelve 30-day 
months)] [in case of discount-
ing on an annual basis, the 
following applies: on an an-
nual basis (assuming a 365-day 
year or a 366-day year, as the 
case may be, and the actual 
number of days elapsed in 
such year)] at the Benchmark 
Yield plus [margin]%; over 
 
(i) 
die durch die Berechnungs-
stelle ermittelte Summe der 
Barwerte der verbleibenden 
planmäßigen Kapitalrückzah-
lungen und Zinszahlungen auf 
die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen (nicht 
eingerechnet der am Rück-
zahlungstag aufgelaufene Teil 
dieser Zinszahlungen) vom 
Rückzahlungstag 
bis 
zum 
früheren der beiden folgen-
den Daten (x) der erste Tag, 
an dem die Emittentin nach 
ihrer Wahl die Schuldver-
schreibungen zu ihrem Nenn-
betrag 
zurückzahlen 
darf, 
oder (y) der Fälligkeitstag, [im 
Fall von halbjährlicher Abzin-
sung, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: halbjährlich abgezinst auf 
den Rückzahlungstag (unter 
der Annahme eines Jahres mit 
360 Tagen und zwölf Monaten 
mit jeweils 30 Tagen)] [im Fall 
von jährlicher Abzinsung, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: jähr-
lich abgezinst auf den Rück-
zahlungstag (unter der An-
nahme eines 365-Tage Jahres 
bzw. eines 366-Tage Jahres 
und der tatsächlichen Anzahl 
von Tagen, die in einem sol-
chen Jahr abgelaufen sind)] 
auf Basis der Benchmark-Ren-
dite zuzüglich [Marge]%, 
(ii) 
the principal amount of the 
Notes being redeemed 
(the Make-Whole Amount). 
 
 
Benchmark Yield means the yield as 
at the Redemption Calculation Date 
as appearing at around [relevant 
 
(ii) 
den Nennbetrag der zurückzu-
zahlenden 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen übersteigt,  
(der Make-Whole Betrag) zurückzah-
len. 
Die Benchmark-Rendite ist die am 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag beste-
hende Rendite, wie sie etwa um

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
time] on the Screen Page in respect of 
the Benchmark Security, or if such 
yield cannot be so determined at such 
time, the yield determined as afore-
said as appearing on the Screen Page 
at such other time on the Redemp-
tion Calculation Date as may be con-
sidered to be appropriate by the Cal-
culation Agent. 
[maßgebliche Uhrzeit] auf der Bild-
schirmseite für die Referenzanleihe, 
oder, sollte zu diesem Zeitpunkt keine 
Rendite festgestellt werden können, 
die vorstehend bestimmte Rendite so 
wie sie zu einem anderen Zeitpunkt, 
der von der Berechnungsstelle für an-
gemessen erachtetet wird, am Rück-
zahlungs-Berechnungstag 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
Screen Page means Bloomberg [HP 
(setting "Last Yield To Convention" 
and using the pricing source "FRNK")] 
[other relevant screen page] (or any 
successor page or successor pricing 
source) for the Benchmark Security, 
or, if such Bloomberg page or pricing 
source is not available, such other 
page (if any) from such other infor-
mation provider displaying substan-
tially similar data as may be consid-
ered to be appropriate by the Calcu-
lation Agent. 
Benchmark Security means the [euro 
denominated benchmark debt secu-
rity of the Federal Republic of Ger-
many] [other relevant benchmark] 
due [maturity], carrying ISIN [ISIN of 
the reference bond used at pricing 
the Notes], or, if such security is no 
longer outstanding on the Redemp-
tion Calculation Date, such substitute 
benchmark security selected by the 
Calculation Agent, in each case as 
having a maturity comparable to the 
remaining term of the Note to the 
Maturity Date, that would be used at 
the time of selection and in accord-
ance with customary financial prac-
tice, in pricing new issues of corpo-
rate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Bildschirmseite ist Bloomberg [HP 
(Einstellung "Last Yield to Conven-
tion" und Verwendung der Preis-
quelle "FRNK")] [andere Bildschirm-
seite] (oder jede Nachfolgeseite oder 
Nachfolge-Preisquelle) für die Refe-
renzanleihe, oder, falls diese Bloom-
berg-Seite oder Preisquelle nicht ver-
fügbar ist, eine andere Seite (falls vor-
handen) eines Informationsanbie-
ters, die weitgehend ähnliche Daten 
anzeigt, wie von der Berechnungs-
stelle für angemessen erachtet. 
Referenzanleihe ist die [Euro-Refe-
renz-Anleihe 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] [andere Referenzan-
leihe] fällig [Fälligkeitstermin] mit 
ISIN [ISIN der Referenzanleihe, die 
bei der Preisbestimmung der Schuld-
verschreibungen genannt wurde] 
oder, falls diese Anleihe am Rückzah-
lungs-Berechnungstag nicht mehr 
aussteht, eine von der Berechnungs-
stelle ausgewählte ersetzende Refe-
renzanleihe, jeweils mit einer Lauf-
zeit, die mit der verbleibenden Rest-
laufzeit der Schuldverschreibung bis 
zum Fälligkeitstag vergleichbar ist, 
und die im Zeitpunkt der Auswahlent-
scheidung und in Übereinstimmung 
mit der üblichen Finanzmarktpraxis 
zur Preisbestimmung bei Neuemissio-
nen von Unternehmensanleihen mit 
einer bis zum Fälligkeitstag der 
Schuldverschreibung vergleichbaren 
Laufzeit verwendet würde.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Redemption Calculation Date means 
the sixth Payment Business Day prior 
to the date on which the Notes are re-
deemed as a result of any event spec-
ified in this § 5[(6)]. 
 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag 
ist 
der sechste Zahltag vor dem Tag, an 
dem die Schuldverschreibungen auf-
grund 
eines 
in 
diesem 
§ 5[(6)] genannten Ereignisses zu-
rückgezahlt werden. 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given 
by the Issuer to the Holders of the 
Notes in accordance with § 12. Such 
notice shall specify: 
 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzuge-
ben. Sie muss die folgenden Angaben 
enthalten: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to 
redemption; 
(ii) 
whether such series is to be 
redeemed in whole or in part 
only and, if in part only, the ag-
gregate principal amount of 
the Notes which are to be re-
deemed; and 
(iii) 
the relevant redemption date, 
which shall be not less than 20 
nor more than 40 days after 
the date on which notice is 
given by the Issuer to the 
Holders. 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie 
von Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie 
ganz oder teilweise zurückge-
zahlt wird und im letzteren 
Fall den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
(iii) 
den maßgeblichen Rückzah-
lungstag, der nicht weniger als 
20 und nicht mehr als 40 Tage 
nach dem Tag der Kündigung 
durch die Emittentin gegen-
über den Gläubigern liegen 
darf. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules 
of the relevant Clearing System. [In 
the case of Notes in NGN form, the 
following applies: For technical pro-
cedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a 
partial redemption the outstanding 
redemption amount will be reflected 
in the records of the ICSDs as either a 
reduction in nominal amount or as a 
Pool factor, at the discretion of the 
ICSDs.]] 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, wer-
den die zurückzuzahlenden Schuld-
verschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstim-
mung mit den Regeln des betreffen-
den 
Clearingsystems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in 
Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Für das tech-
nische Verfahren der ICSDs wird im 
Fall einer teilweisen Rückzahlung der 
entstehende 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
entweder als reduzierter Nennbetrag 
oder als Poolfaktor nach Ermessen 
der ICSDs in das Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommen.]]

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
Transaction Trigger Event the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuld-
verschreibungen vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines Trans-
aktions-Ereignisses zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[(7)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a Transaction Trigger 
Event. 
 
[(7)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emit-
tentin bei Eintritt eines Transaktions-Ereig-
nisses. 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of a Transaction 
Trigger Event, the Issuer may, upon 
notice given in accordance with 
clause (b), redeem all of the Notes on 
the Event Redemption Date at the 
Event Redemption Amount together 
with interest (if any) to the Event Re-
demption Date (excluding). 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem ein 
Transaktions-Ereignis aufgetreten ist 
und sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen ins-
gesamt an dem Ereignis-Rückzah-
lungstag zum Ereignis-Rückzahlungs-
betrag, wie nachfolgend angegeben, 
nebst etwaigen bis zum Ereignis-
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) auf-
gelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
The Issuer may waive its right to call 
the Notes for redemption based on a 
Transaction Trigger Event by giving 
notice in accordance with § 12. 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur 
vorzeitigen Kündigung der Schuldver-
schreibungen aufgrund eines Trans-
aktions-Ereignisses durch Bekannt-
machung gemäß § 12 verzichten. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Re-
demption at the Option of the Holder 
the following applies: The Issuer may 
not exercise such option in respect of 
any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Holder thereof 
of its option to require the redemp-
tion of such Note under subpara-
graph [(7)] of this § 5.] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vor-
zeitig zu kündigen, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rück-
zahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Aus-
übung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz 
[(7)] dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given 
by the Issuer to the Holders of the 
Notes in accordance with § 12. Such 
notice shall specify:  
 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzuge-
ben. Sie muss die folgenden Angaben 
enthalten: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to 
redemption; 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie 
von Schuldverschreibungen;  
(ii) 
the Event Redemption Date, 
which shall be not less than 30 
days nor more than 60 days af-
ter the date on which notice of 
the 
occurrence 
of 
the 
 
(ii) 
den 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungs-
tag, der nicht weniger als 30 
Tage und nicht mehr als 60 
Tage nach dem Tag der Mittei-
lung 
des 
Eintritts 
eines

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Transaction Trigger Event is 
given by the Issuer to the 
Holders; and 
Transaktions-Ereignisses 
durch die Emittentin gegen-
über den Gläubigern liegen 
darf; und  
(iii) 
the 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount at which such Notes 
are to be redeemed. 
 
(iii) 
den Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag, zu dem die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden. 
(c) 
Whereby: 
 
(c) 
Dabei gilt: 
Event Redemption Amount means 
[insert amount per Note]. 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
be-
zeichnet [Betrag pro Schuldver-
schreibung einfügen]. 
Event Redemption Date means the 
date fixed for redemption of the 
Notes pursuant to subparagraph [(6)] 
(b) of this § 5. 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag 
bezeich-
net den Tag, der für die Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß 
Absatz [(6)] (b) dieses § 5 festgesetzt 
wurde. 
Transaction means [insert descrip-
tion of envisaged acquisition trans-
action for which the Notes are in-
tended to be issued for refinancing 
purposes]. 
 
Transaktion bezeichnet [Beschrei-
bung der geplanten Akquisitions-
transaktion für deren Finanzierung 
die Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
werden]. 
Transaction Trigger Event means a 
notice given by the Issuer to the Hold-
ers [in the case of a Transaction Trig-
ger Cut-off Date insert: on or prior to 
[Transaction Trigger Cut-off Date]] in 
accordance with § 12 that the Trans-
action has been terminated prior to 
completion and the Issuer has pub-
licly stated that it no longer intends to 
pursue the Transaction.] 
 
Transaktions-Ereignis bezeichnet die 
Mitteilung der Emittentin [Im Fall ei-
nes Transaktions-Stichtages, einfü-
gen: an oder vor dem [Transaktions-
Stichtag]] an die Gläubiger gemäß § 
12, dass die Transaktion vor ihrem 
Abschluss abgebrochen wurde und 
die Emittentin öffentlich erklärt hat, 
dass sie nicht länger beabsichtigt, die 
Transaktion zu verfolgen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder the following applies:  
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuld-
verschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist folgen-
des anwendbar: 
[(8)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder.
 
[(8)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläu-
bigers. 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Holder of any Note, redeem such 
Note on the Put Redemption Date(s) 
at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldver-
schreibung nach Ausübung des ent-
sprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger am/an den Wahl-Rück-

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
forth below together with accrued in-
terest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
Put Redemption Date. 
zahlungstag(en) 
(Put) 
zum/zu 
dem/den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/-beträgen (Put), wie nachfol-
gend angegeben nebst etwaigen bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
Wahl-Rückzah-
lungstag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/beträge (Put) 
[Put Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[Wahl-Rückzah-
lungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
The Holder may not exercise such op-
tion in respect of any Note which is 
the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Issuer of any of its options to re-
deem such Note under this § 5. 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahl-
recht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuld-
verschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung ei-
nes ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 
verlangt hat. 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the 
Holder must, not less than [Minimum 
Notice to Issuer] nor more than 
[Maximum Notice to Issuer] days be-
fore the Put Redemption Date on 
which such redemption is required to 
be made as specified in the Put Re-
demption Notice (as defined below), 
submit during normal business hours 
at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent a duly completed early re-
demption notice (Put Redemption 
Notice) in the form available from the 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent 
and the Paying Agent. The Put Re-
demption Notice must specify (i) the 
principal amount of the Notes in re-
spect of which such option is exer-
cised, and (ii) the securities identifica-
tion number of such Notes, if any. No 
option so exercised may be revoked 
 
(b) 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat 
der Gläubiger nicht weniger als [Min-
destkündigungsfrist] und nicht mehr 
als [Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage vor 
dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an 
dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklärung 
(wie nachfolgend definiert) erfolgen 
soll, der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle 
der Emissionsstelle während der nor-
malen Geschäftszeiten eine ord-
nungsgemäß ausgefüllte Mitteilung 
zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung (die 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklärung), 
wie sie bei den bezeichneten Ge-
schäftsstellen der Emissionsstelle und 
der Zahlstelle erhältlich ist, zu über-
mitteln. 
Die 
Rückzahlungs-Aus-
übungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) 
den Nennbetrag der Schuldverschrei-
bungen, für die das Wahlrecht

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be 
required to redeem Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised 
against delivery of such Notes to the 
Issuer or to its order.] 
ausgeübt wird und (ii) die Wertpa-
pier-Kenn-Nummer dieser Schuldver-
schreibungen (soweit vergeben). Die 
Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen, für wel-
che das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden 
ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emit-
tentin oder deren Order.] 
§ 6 
(THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT 
[AND THE CALCULATION AGENT]) 
 
§ 6 
(DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE[,] [UND] DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
[UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE]) 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. 
The initial fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent) and 
the initial paying agent (the Paying Agent) 
and its initial specified office shall be: 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle (die 
Emissionsstelle) und die anfänglich bestellte 
Zahlstelle (die Zahlstelle) und ihre bezeich-
nete Geschäftsstelle lautet wie folgt: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Security Services 
Operations Frankfurt 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Security Services 
Operations Frankfurt 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemp-
tion at the Option of the Issuer (Make-
Whole), the following shall apply: 
 
[falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzu-
zahlen (Make-Whole), ist folgendes an-
wendbar: 
The initial calculation agent (the Calculation 
Agent) and its initial specified office shall be:
 
[●].] 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Berechnungsstelle 
(die Berechnungsstelle) und ihre bezeich-
nete Geschäftsstelle lautet wie folgt: 
[●].] 
The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent 
[and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right 
at any time to change their respective speci-
fied offices to some other specified office in 
the same country. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahlstelle 
[und die Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre jeweiligen be-
zeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine an-
dere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demsel-
ben Land zu ersetzen. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. 
 
(2) 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent [or the Cal-
culation Agent] and to appoint another Fiscal 
Agent or additional or other Paying Agents 
[or another Calculation Agent]. The Issuer 
shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent 
[in the case of Notes listed on a stock ex-
change the following applies: [,] [and] (ii) so 
long as the Notes are listed on the [name of 
Stock Exchange], a Paying Agent (which may 
be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in 
[location of Stock Exchange] and/or in such 
other place as may be required by the rules 
of such stock exchange] [,] [and] [(iii)] a Pay-
ing Agent in an EU Member State, if possible, 
that will not be obliged to withhold or de-
duct tax in connection with any payment 
made in relation to the Notes unless the Pay-
ing Agent would be so obliged in each other 
EU Member State if it were located there, 
[,][and] [(iv)] a Calculation Agent [in the case 
of payments in United States dollar the fol-
lowing applies: and [(v)] if payments at or 
through the offices of all Paying Agents out-
side the United States (as defined in § 1(6)) 
become illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange con-
trols or similar restrictions on the full pay-
ment or receipt of such amounts in United 
States dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in New York City]. Any variation, termi-
nation, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insol-
vency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to 
the Holders in accordance with § 12. 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, je-
derzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle 
oder einer Zahlstelle [oder der Berechnungs-
stelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine 
andere Emissionsstelle oder zusätzliche oder 
andere Zahlstellen [oder eine andere Be-
rechnungsstelle] zu bestellen. Die Emittentin 
wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine Emissions-
stelle unterhalten [im Fall von Schuldver-
schreibungen, die an einer Börse notiert 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:[,] [und] (ii) 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der 
[Name der Börse] notiert sind, eine Zahl-
stelle (die die Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz der 
Börse] und/oder an solchen anderen Orten 
unterhalten, die die Regeln dieser Börse ver-
langen] [,] [und] [(iii)] eine Zahlstelle in ei-
nem Mitgliedsstaat der Europäischen Union, 
sofern dies möglich ist, unterhalten, die 
nicht zum Einbehalt oder Abzug von Quellen-
steuern oder sonstigen Abzügen verpflichtet 
ist, es sei denn, dass eine solche Einbehalts- 
oder Abzugspflicht auch in allen anderen 
Mitgliedsstaaten der Europäischen Union 
bestünde [,][und] [(iv)] eine Berechnungs-
stelle unterhalten [im Fall von Zahlungen in 
US-Dollar ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
[(v)] falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die 
Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1(6) defi-
niert) aufgrund der Einführung von Devisen-
beschränkungen oder ähnlichen Beschrän-
kungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zah-
lung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich oder tat-
sächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahl-
stelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in 
New York City unterhalten]. Eine Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger 
Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im Insol-
venzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort 
wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 12 vorab unter Einhaltung einer 
Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 
45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as the agents of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for 
any Holder. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und über-
nehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegen-
über den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auf-
trags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen 
ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
§ 7 
(TAXATION) 
 
§ 7 
(STEUERN) 
All payments of principal and interest made by the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Holders shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any present or future taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of de-
duction or withholding by or on behalf of (1) the 
Federal Republic of Germany or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, (2) any ju-
risdiction from or through which payment on the 
Notes or the Guarantee is made, or any political 
subdivision or governmental authority thereof or 
therein having the power to tax and/or (3) any 
other jurisdiction in which the payor is organized or 
otherwise considered to be resident or doing busi-
ness for tax purposes, or any political subdivision or 
governmental authority thereof or therein having 
the power to tax (each a Relevant Taxing Jurisdic-
tion), unless such deduction or withholding is re-
quired by law. In that event the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts (the Additional Amounts) as 
shall result in receipt by the Holders of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable 
with respect to: 
 
Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen von der 
Emittentin an die Gläubiger zahlbaren Kapital- oder 
Zinsbeträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug an 
der Quelle für oder wegen gegenwärtiger oder zu-
künftiger Steuern oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art 
gezahlt, die von oder im Namen (1) der Bundesre-
publik Deutschland oder einer dort zur Steuererhe-
bung ermächtigten Behörde, (2) einer Rechtsord-
nung, aus der bzw. über die eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder die Garantie geleistet 
wird, oder einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermäch-
tigten Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde, und/oder 
(3) einer anderen Rechtsordnung, in der die zah-
lende Partei errichtet ist oder anderweitig als ge-
bietsansässig gilt oder im steuerlichen Sinn ge-
schäftlich tätig ist, oder einer dort zur Steuererhe-
bung ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder Be-
hörde (jeweils eine Relevante Steuerjurisdiktion) 
im Wege des Abzugs oder Einbehalts auferlegt oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug 
oder Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In die-
sem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen 
Beträge (Zusätzliche Beträge) zahlen, die erforder-
lich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug je-
weils den Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entspre-
chen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von den Gläubigern erhalten worden wären; jedoch 
sind solche Zusätzlichen Beträge nicht zu zahlen in 
Bezug auf: 
(a) 
taxes or duties which are payable by 
any Person acting as custodian bank 
or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Holder, or otherwise in any manner 
which does not constitute a deduc-
tion or withholding by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor, as applicable, from 
 
(a) 
Steuern oder Abgaben, die von einer 
als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauf-
tragter eines Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder auf eine sonstige Weise 
zu entrichten sind, die keinen Abzug 
oder Einbehalt von Zahlungen von Ka-
pital oder Zinsen durch die Emittentin

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
bzw. die Garantiegeberin darstellen; 
oder 
(b) 
payments that would not have been 
so imposed but for the existence of 
any present or former connection be-
tween such Holder (or between a fi-
duciary, settlor, beneficiary, member 
or shareholder of, or a person having 
a controlling power over, such 
Holder) and any Relevant Taxing Ju-
risdiction including, without limita-
tion, such Holder (or such fiduciary, 
settlor, beneficiary, member, share-
holder or person having such a con-
trolling power) being or having been 
a citizen or resident or treated as a 
resident of, being or having been en-
gaged in a trade or business in, or 
having or having had a permanent es-
tablishment in, a Relevant Taxing Ju-
risdiction other than any connections 
arising solely from a Holder acquiring, 
holding or disposing of, receiving any 
payment under or with respect to or 
enforcing a Note or any Guarantee; or
 
(b) 
Zahlungen, die nicht erhoben worden 
wären, wenn nicht (i) eine gegenwär-
tige oder ehemalige Beziehung zwi-
schen dem betreffenden Gläubiger 
(oder einem Treuhänder, Treugeber, 
Begünstigten, Mitglied oder Gesell-
schafter dieses Gläubigers oder einer 
Person, die beherrschenden Einfluss 
auf diesen Gläubiger hat) und einer 
Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion beste-
hen würde, unter anderem in der 
Form, dass der betreffende Gläubiger 
(bzw. Treuhänder, Treugeber, Be-
günstigte, Mitglied, Gesellschafter 
oder die Person, die beherrschenden 
Einfluss hat) Staatsbürger einer Rele-
vanten Steuerjurisdiktion ist oder war 
oder dort ansässig ist oder war oder 
als dort ansässig gilt oder galt oder 
dort ein Gewerbe oder eine Ge-
schäftstätigkeit betreibt oder betrie-
ben hat oder dort eine Betriebsstätte 
unterhält oder unterhalten hat, mit 
Ausnahme von Beziehungen, die al-
lein dadurch entstehen, dass ein 
Gläubiger eine Schuldverschreibung 
oder die Garantie erwirbt, hält oder 
veräußert bzw. eine Zahlung darunter 
oder in Bezug auf diese erhält oder 
Ansprüche darauf geltend macht; 
oder 
(c) 
payments to, or to a third party on 
behalf of, a Holder where no such 
withholding or deduction would have 
been required to be made if the 
Notes were credited at the time of 
payment to a securities deposit ac-
count with a bank, financial services 
institution, securities trading busi-
ness or securities trading bank, in 
each case outside the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction; or 
 
(c) 
Zahlungen an den Gläubiger oder an 
einen Dritten für den Gläubiger, falls 
kein Einbehalt oder Abzug hätte er-
folgen müssen, wenn die Schuldver-
schreibung zum Zeitpunkt der fragli-
chen Zahlung einem Depotkonto bei 
einer bzw. einem nicht in der Rele-
vanten Steuerjurisdiktion ansässigen 
Bank, 
Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut, 
Wertpapierhandelsunternehmen 
oder Wertpapierhandelsbank gutge-
schrieben gewesen wäre; oder

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
(d) 
payments where such withholding or 
deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) 
any European Union Directive or Reg-
ulation concerning the taxation of 
savings, or (ii) any international treaty 
or understanding relating to such tax-
ation and to which the Relevant Tax-
ing Jurisdiction or the European Un-
ion is a party/are parties, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to con-
form with, such Directive, Regulation, 
treaty or understanding, or (iv) the 
Luxembourg law of 23 December 
2005; or 
 
(d) 
falls der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß 
(i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung 
der Europäischen Union zur Zinsbe-
steuerung oder (ii) einem internatio-
nalen Abkommen oder Übereinkom-
men zu einer solchen Besteuerung, 
bei dem die Relevante Steuerjurisdik-
tion oder die Europäische Union Par-
teien sind, oder (iii) einem diese 
Richtlinie oder Verordnung oder die-
ses Abkommen oder Übereinkom-
men umsetzenden oder sie befolgen-
den oder zu ihrer Befolgung erlasse-
nen Gesetz, oder (iv) dem Luxembur-
ger Gesetz vom 23. Dezember 2005 
erhoben wird; oder 
(e) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is payable by or 
on behalf of a Holder who could law-
fully mitigate (but has not so miti-
gated) such withholding or deduction 
by complying or procuring that any 
third party complies with any statu-
tory requirements or by making or 
procuring that a third party makes a 
declaration of non-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption to any tax 
authority in the place where the pay-
ment is effected (including, in the 
case of a payment by a Paying Agent 
situated in the United States, by 
providing prior to the receipt of any 
such payment, a complete, correct 
and executed IRS Form W-8 or W-9 or 
successor form, as applicable, with all 
appropriate attachments); or 
 
(e) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
dem Gläubiger oder von einem Drit-
ten für den Gläubiger zahlbar ist, der 
einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
dadurch rechtmäßigerweise hätte 
vermindern können (aber nicht ver-
mindert hat), dass er gesetzliche Vor-
schriften beachtet, oder dafür sorgt, 
dass Dritte dieses tun, oder dadurch 
dass er eine Nichtansässigkeitserklä-
rung oder einen ähnlichen Antrag auf 
Quellensteuerbefreiung 
gegenüber 
der am Zahlungsort zuständigen 
Steuerbehörde; abgibt oder dafür 
sorgt, dass dies durch einen Dritten 
erfolgt (einschließlich, im Falle einer 
Zahlung durch eine Zahlstelle mit Sitz 
in den Vereinigten Staaten, durch Be-
reitstellung eines vollständigen, kor-
rekten 
und 
ausgefüllten 
IRS-
Formulars W-8 oder W-9 oder eines 
Nachfolgeformulars, falls zutreffend, 
mit allen entsprechenden Anlagen); 
oder 
(f) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is payable by or 
on behalf of a Holder who would have 
been able to mitigate such withhold-
ing or deduction by effecting a pay-
ment via another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European 
 
(f) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
dem Gläubiger oder von einem Drit-
ten für den Gläubiger vorzunehmen 
ist, der einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug durch die Bewirkung einer Zah-
lung über eine andere Zahlstelle in ei-
nem Mitgliedsstaat der Europäischen 
Union, welche nicht zu einem solchen

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Union, not obliged to withhold or de-
duct tax; or 
Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist, 
hätte vermindern können; oder 
(g) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is for or on ac-
count of the presentation by the 
Holder of any Note for payment on a 
date more than 30 days after the date 
on which such payment became due 
and payable or the date on which 
payment thereof is duly provided for, 
whichever occurs later; or 
 
(g) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug für 
einen Gläubiger oder dessen Rech-
nung vorzunehmen ist, der Schuld-
verschreibungen mehr als 30 Tage 
nach dem Tag, an dem eine Zahlung 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen fäl-
lig und zahlbar wurde bzw., soweit 
dies später eintritt, nach dem Tag, an 
dem die Zahlung ordnungsgemäß 
vorgenommen wurde, vorgelegt hat; 
oder 
(h) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is required pur-
suant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the Internal Rev-
enue Code), or any amended or suc-
cessor version thereof, any current or 
future regulations or official interpre-
tations thereof, any agreement en-
tered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b) of the Internal Revenue 
Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legis-
lation, rules or practices adopted pur-
suant to any intergovernmental 
agreement entered into in connec-
tion with the implementation of such 
Sections of the Internal Revenue 
Code; or  
 
(h) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug ge-
mäß §§ 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Inter-
nal Revenue Code von 1986 in seiner 
jeweils gültigen Fassung (der Internal 
Revenue Code), oder einer geänder-
ten oder nachfolgenden Fassung da-
von, jeder gegenwärtigen oder zu-
künftigen Verordnung oder offiziellen 
Auslegung davon, jeder Vereinba-
rung, die gemäß § 1471(b) des Inter-
nal Revenue Codes eingegangen 
wurde oder jeder steuerlichen oder 
regulatorischen Gesetzgebung, sowie 
steuerlichen und regulatorischen Ge-
setzen oder Vorgehensweisen, die 
nach einem völkerrechtlichen Ver-
trag, der zur Umsetzung der Bestim-
mungen des Internal Revenue Codes 
geschlossen wurde, vorzunehmen ist; 
oder 
(i) 
any tax imposed on interest by the 
United States or any political subdivi-
sion 
or 
governmental 
authority 
thereof or therein by reason of any 
Holder holding or owning, actually or 
constructively, 10% or more of the to-
tal combined voting power of all clas-
ses of stock of the Issuer or the Guar-
antor entitled to vote; or 
 
(i) 
jede Steuer, die von den Vereinigten 
Staaten oder einer ihrer politischen 
Unterabteilungen oder Regierungs-
behörden auf Zinsen erhoben wird, 
weil ein Inhaber tatsächlich oder kon-
struktiv 10 % oder mehr der gesam-
ten kombinierten Stimmrechte aller 
Aktiengattungen der Emittentin oder 
der Garantiegeberin hält oder besitzt; 
oder 
(j) 
any tax imposed on interest by the 
United States or any political subdivi-
sion 
or 
governmental 
authority 
 
(j) 
jede Steuer, die von den Vereinigten 
Staaten oder einer politischen Unter-
abteilung oder Regierungsbehörde

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
thereof or therein by reason of any 
Holder being a controlled foreign cor-
poration that is a related person 
within the meaning of Section 
864(d)(4) of the Internal Revenue 
Code with respect to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor; or 
der Vereinigten Staaten oder darin 
erhoben wird, weil ein Inhaber eine 
kontrollierte ausländische Körper-
schaft ist, die eine verwandte Person 
im Sinne von § 864(d)(4) des Internal 
Revenue Code in Bezug auf die Emit-
tentin oder die Garantiegeberin ist; 
oder 
(k) 
any tax imposed on interest by the 
United States or any political subdivi-
sion 
or 
governmental 
authority 
thereof or therein by reason of any 
Holder being a bank extending credit 
pursuant to a loan agreement en-
tered into in the ordinary course of its 
trade or business; or 
 
(k) 
jede Steuer, die von den Vereinigten 
Staaten oder einer politischen Unter-
abteilung oder Regierungsbehörde 
der Vereinigten Staaten oder darin 
erhoben wird, weil ein Inhaber eine 
Bank ist, die einen Kredit gemäß ei-
nem Kreditvertrag gewährt, der im 
normalen Geschäftsverkehr abge-
schlossen wurde; oder 
(l) 
payments which are payable by 
reason of the Holder (or beneficiary 
or other recipient of a payment under 
the Notes) being resident in a non-
cooperative 
territory 
(nicht 
kooperatives Steuerhoheitsgebiet) in 
the meaning of the German Law to 
prevent Tax Avoidance and Unfair Tax 
Competition (Gesetz zur Abwehr von 
Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb), as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including 
any ordinance (Verordnung) enacted 
based on this law); or 
 
(l) 
Zahlungen, die aufgrund der Ansäs-
sigkeit des Gläubigers (oder Begüns-
tigten oder sonstigen Empfängers ei-
ner Zahlung aus den Schuldverschrei-
bungen) in einem nicht kooperativen 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet im Sinne des Ge-
setzes zur Abwehr von Steuervermei-
dung und unfairem Steuerwettbe-
werb in der Fassung wie jeweils geän-
dert oder ersetzt (einschließlich der 
aufgrund von diesem Gesetz ergan-
genen Verordnungen) zu zahlen sind; 
oder 
(m) 
any combination of items (a)-(l); 
 
(m) 
jegliche Kombination der Absätze (a)-
(l). 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with re-
spect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who is 
a fiduciary or partnership or who is other than the 
sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent 
such payment would be required by the laws of the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction(s) to be included in the 
income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor 
with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such 
partnership or a beneficial owner who would not 
have been entitled to such Additional Amounts had 
such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial 
owner been the Holder of the Note.] 
 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im Hin-
blick auf Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
an einen Gläubiger gezahlt, welcher die Zahlung als 
Treuhänder oder Personengesellschaft oder als 
sonstiger nicht alleiniger wirtschaftlicher Eigentü-
mer erhält, soweit nach den Gesetzen der Relevan-
ten Steuerjurisdiktion(en) eine solche Zahlung für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Begünstigten 
bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermögens oder dem 
Gesellschafter der Personengesellschaft zugerech-
net würde, der jeweils selbst nicht zum Erhalt von 
Zusätzlichen Beträgen berechtigt gewesen wäre, 
wenn 
der 
Begünstigte, 
Gründer 
eines

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Treuhandvermögens, Gesellschafter oder wirt-
schaftliche Eigentümer unmittelbarer Gläubiger der 
Schuldverschreibungen wäre.] 
For the avoidance of doubt: No Additional Amounts 
will be paid with respect to German capital gains tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer), including withholding tax 
(Abgeltungsteuer), to be deducted or withheld pur-
suant to the German Income Tax Act, even if the de-
duction or withholding has to be made by the Issuer 
or its representative, and the German Solidarity 
Surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) or any other tax 
which may substitute the German capital gains tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) or solidarity surcharge (Soli-
daritätszuschlag), as the case may be. 
 
Zur Klarstellung: Keine Zusätzlichen Beträge werden 
gezahlt in Bezug auf die deutsche Kapitalertrag-
steuer (inklusive der sog. Abgeltungsteuer), die 
nach dem deutschen Einkommensteuergesetz ab-
gezogen oder einbehalten wird, auch wenn der Ab-
zug oder Einbehalt durch die Emittentin oder ihren 
Vertreter vorzunehmen ist, und den deutschen So-
lidaritätszuschlag oder jede andere Steuer, welche 
die deutsche Kapitalertragsteuer bzw. den Solidari-
tätszuschlag ersetzen sollte. 
§ 8 
(PRESENTATION PERIOD) 
 
§ 8 
(VORLEGUNGSFRIST) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 para-
graph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) is re-
duced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorle-
gungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
(EVENTS OF DEFAULT) 
 
§ 9 
(KÜNDIGUNG) 
(1) 
Events of default. 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. 
Each Holder shall be entitled to declare due 
and payable by notice to the Fiscal Agent its 
entire claims arising from the Notes and de-
mand immediate redemption thereof at the 
principal amount together with accrued in-
terest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of 
repayment, in the event that: 
 
Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine sämtli-
chen Forderungen aus den Schuldverschrei-
bungen durch Kündigung gegenüber der 
Emissionsstelle fällig zu stellen und die un-
verzügliche Rückzahlung zum Nennbetrag, 
zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Tag der Rückzah-
lung (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zu 
verlangen, falls: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or in-
terest under the Notes within 30 days 
from the relevant due date, or 
 
(a) 
die Emittentin auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen Kapital oder Zinsen 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
dem 
betreffenden 
Fälligkeitstag 
zahlt; oder 
(b) 
the Guarantor fails to pay amounts 
payable under the Guarantee within 
30 days from the relevant due date, 
or 
 
(b) 
die Garantiegeberin auf die Garantie 
zahlbare Beträge nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
zahlt; oder 
(c) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any 
other material obligation arising from 
 
(c) 
die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
anderen

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
the Notes and such failure continues 
unremedied for more than 60 days af-
ter the Fiscal Agent has received a re-
quest thereof in the manner set forth 
in § 9(3) from a Holder to perform 
such obligation; or 
wesentlichen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterlässt 
und die Unterlassung jeweils länger 
als 60 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emissionsstelle eine Aufforderung in 
der in § 9(3) vorgesehenen Art und 
Weise von dem Gläubiger erhalten 
hat, die Verpflichtung zu erfüllen; 
oder 
(d) 
any Capital Market Indebtedness of 
the Issuer or any of its Material Sub-
sidiaries or the Guarantor (unless the 
Guarantee has been released in ac-
cordance with these Terms and Con-
ditions) becomes prematurely repay-
able as a result of a default in respect 
of the terms thereof, or the Issuer or 
any of its Material Subsidiaries or the 
Guarantor (unless the Guarantee has 
been released in accordance with 
these Terms and Conditions) fails to 
fulfill any payment obligation in ex-
cess of EUR 75,000,000 or the equiv-
alent thereof under any Capital Mar-
ket Indebtedness or under any guar-
antees or suretyships given for any 
Capital Market Indebtedness of oth-
ers within 30 days from its due date 
or, in the case of such guarantee or 
suretyship, within 30 days of such 
guarantee or suretyship being in-
voked, unless the Issuer or the rele-
vant Material Subsidiary or the Guar-
antor contests in good faith that such 
payment obligation exists or is due or 
that such guarantee or suretyship has 
been validly invoked or if a security 
granted therefor is enforced on be-
half of or by the creditor(s) entitled 
thereto; or 
 
(d) 
eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit der 
Emittentin oder einer ihrer Wesentli-
chen Tochtergesellschaften oder der 
Garantiegeberin (es sei denn, die Ga-
rantie wurde gemäß diesen Emissi-
onsbedingungen freigegeben) vorzei-
tig zahlbar wird aufgrund einer 
Pflichtverletzung aus dem dieser Ka-
pitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
zugrunde 
liegenden Vertrag oder die Emitten-
tin oder eine ihrer Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften oder die Ga-
rantiegeberin (es sei denn, die Garan-
tie wurde gemäß diesen Emissionsbe-
dingungen freigegeben) eine Zah-
lungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im 
Gegenwert 
von 
mehr 
als 
EUR 75.000.000 aus einer Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeit oder aufgrund 
einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die 
für 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
Dritter gegeben wurde, nicht inner-
halb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fällig-
keit bzw. im Fall einer Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 
Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus 
dieser Bürgschaft oder Garantie er-
füllt, es sei denn, die Emittentin oder 
die betreffende Wesentliche Tochter-
gesellschaft oder die Garantiegeberin 
bestreitet in gutem Glauben, dass 
diese Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht 
oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie berechtigterweise gel-
tend gemacht wird, oder falls eine für 
solche Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Si-
cherheit für die oder von den daraus 
berechtigten Gläubiger(n) in An-
spruch genommen wird; oder

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
(e) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Sub-
sidiaries or the Guarantor (unless the 
Guarantee has been released in ac-
cordance with these Terms and Con-
ditions) announces its inability to 
meet its financial obligations or 
ceases its payments generally; or 
 
(e) 
die Emittentin oder eine ihrer We-
sentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften 
oder die Garantiegeberin (es sei 
denn, die Garantie wurde gemäß die-
ser Emissionsbedingungen freigege-
ben) gibt ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt oder stellt ihre Zahlungen 
ein; oder  
(f) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(unless the Guarantee has been re-
leased in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions) and such pro-
ceedings are instituted and have not 
been discharged or stayed within 90 
days, or the Issuer applies for or insti-
tutes such proceedings; or 
 
(f) 
ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen die Emittentin oder die Garan-
tiegeberin (es sei denn, die Garantie 
wurde gemäß dieser Emissionsbedin-
gungen freigegeben) eröffnet, und 
ein solches Verfahren eingeleitet und 
nicht innerhalb von 90 Tagen aufge-
hoben oder ausgesetzt worden ist, 
oder die Emittentin die Eröffnung ei-
nes solchen Verfahrens beantragt 
oder einleitet; oder 
(g) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (unless 
the Guarantee has been released in 
accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions) enters into liquidation 
unless this is done in connection with 
a merger or other form of combina-
tion with another company and such 
company assumes all obligations con-
tracted by the Issuer or the Guarantor 
in connection with the Notes or the 
Guarantee; or 
 
(g) 
die Emittentin oder die Garantiege-
berin (es sei denn, die Garantie wurde 
gemäß dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
freigegeben) in Liquidation tritt, es sei 
denn, dies geschieht im Zusammen-
hang mit einer Verschmelzung oder 
einer anderen Form des Zusammen-
schlusses mit einer anderen Gesell-
schaft und die andere oder neue Ge-
sellschaft übernimmt alle Verpflich-
tungen, die die Emittentin oder die 
Garantiegeberin im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen oder 
der Garantie eingegangen ist; oder 
(h) 
the Guarantee shall cease to be in full 
force and effect in accordance with 
its terms for any reason except pursu-
ant to these Terms and Conditions or 
terms of the Guarantee governing the 
release of the Guarantee or the satis-
faction in full of all the obligations 
thereunder or shall be declared inva-
lid or unenforceable other than as 
contemplated by its terms, or the 
Guarantor shall repudiate, deny or 
disaffirm any of its obligations 
 
(h) 
die Garantie aus irgendeinem Grund 
nicht mehr gemäß ihren Bedingungen 
uneingeschränkt wirksam ist, es sei 
denn, dies beruht auf diesen Emissi-
onsbedingungen oder den Bedingun-
gen der Garantie bezüglich der Frei-
gabe der Garantie oder der vollstän-
digen Erfüllung aller diesbezüglichen 
Verpflichtungen, oder aus anderen 
Gründen als in ihren Bedingungen 
festgelegt für unwirksam oder un-
durchsetzbar erklärt wird, oder die 
Garantiegeberin eine ihrer Verpflich-
tungen aus der Garantie oder aus den

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
thereunder or under the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Emissionsbedingungen zurückweist, 
leugnet oder ablehnt. 
Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
which: 
 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet 
eine Tochtergesellschaft von Fresenius Me-
dical Care AG & Co. KGaA: 
(a) 
has unconsolidated EBITDA repre-
senting 5% or more of the EBITDA of 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA and its subsidiaries on a consol-
idated basis; or 
 
(a) 
deren unkonsolidiertes EBITDA 5% 
oder mehr des EBITDA der Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA und ih-
rer Tochtergesellschaften auf einer 
konsolidierten Basis darstellt, oder 
(b) 
has unconsolidated gross assets rep-
resenting 5% or more of the gross as-
sets of Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA and its subsidiaries on a 
consolidated basis,  
 
(b) 
deren unkonsolidiertes Bruttovermö-
gen 5% oder mehr des Bruttovermö-
gens der Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA und ihrer Tochtergesell-
schaften auf einer konsolidierten Ba-
sis darstellt,  
in each case as determined by reference to 
the latest audited annual financial state-
ments prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
 
in allen Fällen bestimmt nach dem letzten 
geprüften Jahresabschluss, die in Überein-
stimmung mit IFRS erstellt wurden. 
EBITDA means operating income plus depre-
ciation and amortization and is derived from 
the operating income determined in accord-
ance with IFRS. 
 
EBITDA entspricht dem Operativen Ergebnis 
zuzüglich Abschreibungen und wird von dem 
nach IFRS ermittelten Operativen Ergebnis 
abgeleitet. 
(2) 
No Termination. 
 
(2) 
Keine Kündigung. 
The right to declare Notes due shall termi-
nate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. No event 
or circumstance other than an event speci-
fied in § 9(1) shall entitle Holders to declare 
their Notes due and payable prior to their 
stated maturity save as expressly provided 
for in these Terms and Conditions and sub-
ject to applicable mandatory law. 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kün-
digungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts ge-
heilt wurde. Vorbehaltlich anwendbaren 
zwingenden Rechts berechtigen andere Er-
eignisse oder Umstände als die in § 9(1) ge-
nannten den Gläubiger nicht dazu, seine 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zur Rück-
zahlung fällig zu stellen, es sei denn, dies ist 
ausdrücklich in diesen Emissionsbedingun-
gen bestimmt. 
(3) 
Notice. 
 
(3) 
Kündigungserklärung. 
Any default notice in accordance with § 9(1) 
shall be made at least in text form (section 
126b of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) to the specified office of the Fis-
cal Agent together with evidence by means 
 
Eine Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 9(1) hat 
in der Weise zu erfolgen, dass der Gläubiger 
bei der angegebenen Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle eine entsprechende Erklä-
rung zumindest in Textform (§ 
126

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
of a certificate of the Holder's Custodian (as 
defined in § [13][14](3)) that such Holder, at 
the time of such notice, is a holder of the rel-
evant Notes. 
Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) übergibt und da-
bei durch eine Bescheinigung seiner Depot-
bank (wie in § [13][14](3) definiert) nach-
weist, dass er die betreffenden Schuldver-
schreibungen zum Zeitpunkt der Erklärung 
hält. 
(4) 
Quorum. 
 
(4) 
Quorum.  
In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(c) 
and/or (d) of this § 9, any notice declaring 
Notes due shall, unless at the time such no-
tice is received any of the events specified in 
subparagraph (1) (a), (b) and (e) through (g) 
of this § 9 entitling Holders to declare their 
Notes due has occurred, become effective 
only when the Fiscal Agent has received such 
default notices from the Holders represent-
ing at least 25% of the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding. 
 
In den Fällen gemäß Absatz (1)(c) und/oder 
(d) dieses § 9 wird eine Kündigungserklä-
rung, sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich 
einer der in Absatz (1)(a), (b) und (e) bis (g) 
dieses § 9 bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei der Emissi-
onsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von Gläu-
bigern im Nennbetrag von mindestens 25% 
des Gesamtnennbetrages der zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt noch insgesamt ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
§ 10 
(SUBSTITUTION) 
 
§ 10 
(ERSETZUNG) 
(1) 
Substitution. 
 
(1) 
Ersetzung 
The Issuer (reference to which shall always 
include any previous Substitute Debtor (as 
defined below)) may, at any time, if no pay-
ment of principal of or interest on any of the 
Notes is in default, without the consent of 
the Holders, substitute for the Issuer any Af-
filiate (as defined below) of Fresenius Medi-
cal Care AG & Co. KGaA as the principal 
debtor in respect of all obligations arising 
from or in connection with the Notes (any 
such company, the Substitute Debtor), pro-
vided that: 
 
Die Emittentin (wobei eine Bezugnahme auf 
die Emittentin auch alle früheren Nachfolge-
schuldner (wie nachfolgend definiert) um-
fasst) ist jederzeit berechtigt, wenn kein Zah-
lungsverzug hinsichtlich Kapital oder Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt, 
ohne weitere Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein 
mit der Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA verbundenes Unternehmen (wie nach-
folgend definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Haupt-
schuldnerin (ein solches Unternehmen ist 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) für alle Verpflich-
tungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, voraus-
gesetzt, dass: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all ob-
ligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes and is in a position to fulfill all 
payment obligations arising from or 
in connection with the Notes in the 
Specified Currency without, subject 
to lit. (e) below, the necessity of any 
 
(a) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Ver-
pflichtungen der Emittentin im Zu-
sammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen rechtswirksam über-
nimmt und sie sämtliche sich aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen ergebenden

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
taxes or duties levied by the country 
or jurisdiction in which the Substitute 
Debtor is domiciled (other than taxes 
which would also be levied in the ab-
sence of such substitution) to be 
withheld or deducted at source and 
to transfer all amounts which are re-
quired therefore to the Paying Agent 
without any restrictions, and that in 
particular all necessary authoriza-
tions to this effect by any competent 
authority have been obtained, and, to 
the extent service of process must be 
effected to the Substitute Debtor out-
side of Germany, a service of process 
agent in Germany is appointed; 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen in der Fest-
gelegten Währung ohne die Notwen-
digkeit (vorbehaltlich Buchstabe (e)) 
einer Einbehaltung an der Quelle 
oder des Abzugs irgendwelcher Steu-
ern oder Abgaben in dem Land oder 
Hoheitsgebiet, in dem die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin ihren Sitz hat (mit Aus-
nahme von Steuern, die auch angefal-
len wären, wäre die Ersetzung nicht 
erfolgt), erfüllen sowie die hierzu er-
forderlichen Beträge ohne Beschrän-
kungen an die Zahlstelle transferieren 
kann und sie insbesondere jede hier-
für notwendige Genehmigung der Be-
hörden ihres Landes erhalten hat, 
und, sofern eine Zustellung an die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin außerhalb von 
Deutschland erfolgen müsste, ein Zu-
stellungsbevollmächtigter 
in 
Deutschland bestellt wird; 
(b) 
if at the time of such substitution the 
Issuer is Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA, the Issuer irrevocably and 
unconditionally guarantees (the Sub-
stitution Guarantee) in favor of each 
Holder the payment of all sums paya-
ble by the Substitute Debtor in re-
spect of the Notes on terms equiva-
lent to the terms of the Guarantee; 
 
(b) 
wenn zum Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA die Emittentin ist, die Emitten-
tin unwiderruflich und unbedingt ge-
genüber den Gläubigern die Zahlung 
aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahl-
baren Beträge zu Bedingungen garan-
tiert (die Ersetzungsgarantie), die 
den Bedingungen der Garantie ent-
sprechen; 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer 
have obtained all necessary govern-
mental and regulatory approvals and 
consents for such substitution and for 
the giving by the Issuer of the Substi-
tution Guarantee in respect of the ob-
ligations of the Substitute Debtor, 
that the Substitute Debtor has ob-
tained all necessary governmental 
and regulatory approvals and con-
sents for the performance by the Sub-
stitute Debtor of its obligations under 
the Notes, and that all such approvals 
and consents are in full force and ef-
fect and that the obligations assumed 
by the Substitute Debtor and the 
 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und die 
Emittentin alle für die Ersetzung und 
die Abgabe der Ersetzungsgarantie 
von der Emittentin notwendigen Ge-
nehmigungen und Einverständniser-
klärungen von Regierungsstellen und 
Aufsichtsbehörden erhalten haben, 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle für die 
Erfüllung ihrer Verpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen notwen-
digen Genehmigungen und Einver-
ständniserklärungen von Regierungs-
stellen und Aufsichtsbehörden erhal-
ten hat und weiterhin sämtliche die-
ser Genehmigungen und Einverständ-
niserklärungen in vollem Umfang

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
Substitution Guarantee given by the 
Issuer are each valid and binding in 
accordance with their respective 
terms and enforceable by each 
Holder; 
gültig und wirksam sind und zudem 
die Verpflichtungen der Nachfolge-
schuldnerin und die von der Emitten-
tin begebene Ersetzungsgarantie ge-
mäß ihren Bestimmungen wirksam 
und rechtsverbindlich und durch je-
den Gläubiger durchsetzbar sind; 
(d) 
§ 9 shall be deemed to be amended 
so that it shall also be an Event of De-
fault under such provision if the Sub-
stitution Guarantee shall cease to be 
valid or binding on or enforceable 
against Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA; 
 
(d) 
§ 9 dergestalt als ergänzt gilt, dass ein 
zusätzlicher Kündigungsgrund unter 
dieser Bestimmung der Wegfall der 
Wirksamkeit, 
Rechtsverbindlichkeit 
oder Durchsetzbarkeit der Erset-
zungsgarantie gegen Fresenius Medi-
cal Care AG & Co. KGaA ist; 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor undertakes to 
reimburse any Holder for such taxes, 
fees or duties which may be imposed 
upon such Holder in connection with 
any payments on the Notes (including 
taxes or duties being deducted or 
withheld at source), upon conversion 
or otherwise, as a consequence of the 
assumption of the Issuer's obligations 
by the Substitute Debtor, provided 
that such undertaking shall be limited 
to amounts that would not have been 
imposed upon the Holder had such 
substitution not occurred; and 
 
(e) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich ver-
pflichtet, jedem Gläubiger alle Steu-
ern, Gebühren oder Abgaben zu er-
statten, die ihm im Zusammenhang 
mit Zahlungen auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen (einschließlich Steuern 
und Abgaben, die an der Quelle abge-
führt oder einbehalten wurden), 
durch den Schuldnerwechsel oder in 
anderer Weise infolge der Schuld-
übernahme durch die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin auferlegt werden, vo-
rausgesetzt, dass sich die Verpflich-
tung auf Beträge beschränkt, die der 
Gläubiger ohne die Ersetzung der 
Emittentin nicht hätte tragen müs-
sen; und  
(f) 
there shall have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent one opinion for each ju-
risdiction affected of lawyers of rec-
ognized standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (a) through (e) above 
have been satisfied. 
 
(f) 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
jeweils 
ein 
Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der be-
troffenen Rechtsordnungen von an-
erkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt 
wurden, die bestätigen, dass die Best-
immungen in den vorstehenden Un-
terabsätzen (a) bis (e) erfüllt wurden.
For purposes of this § 10, Affiliate shall mean 
any affiliated company (verbundenes Un-
ternehmen) within the meaning of sections 
15 et seqq. of the German Stock Corporation 
Act (Aktiengesetz) held by Fresenius Medical 
Care AG & Co. KGaA. 
 
Für Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet verbunde-
nes Unternehmen jedes von Fresenius Medi-
cal Care AG & Co. KGaA gehaltene verbun-
dene Unternehmen im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. Ak-
tiengesetz.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
(2) 
Discharge from Obligations. References. 
 
(2) 
Schuldbefreiung. Bezugnahmen. 
Upon a substitution in accordance with this 
§ 10, the Substitute Debtor shall be deemed 
to be named in the Notes as the principal 
debtor in place of the Issuer as issuer and the 
Notes shall thereupon be deemed to be 
amended to give effect to the substitution 
including that the relevant jurisdiction in re-
lation to the Issuer in § 7 shall be the Substi-
tute Debtor's country of domicile for tax pur-
poses. Furthermore, in the event of such 
substitution, in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative 
reference to the Federal Republic of Ger-
many shall be deemed to have been in-
cluded in addition to the reference according 
to the preceding sentence to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation purposes 
of the Substitute Debtor. 
 
Nach einer Ersetzung gemäß dieses § 10 gilt 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin als in den Schuld-
verschreibungen an Stelle der Emittentin als 
Hauptschuldnerin bestimmt und die Schuld-
verschreibungen gelten als dementspre-
chend ergänzt, um der Ersetzung zur Durch-
setzung zu verhelfen, und als die relevante 
Steuerjurisdiktion in Bezug auf § 7 gilt die Ju-
risdiktion, in der die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
steuerlich ansässig ist. Des Weiteren gilt im 
Fall einer Ersetzung in § 7 und § 5(2) eine al-
ternative Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepub-
lik Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich 
zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vor-
stehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuer-
sitz hat). 
Any such substitution, together with the no-
tice referred to in subparagraph (3) below, 
shall, in the case of the substitution of any 
other company as principal debtor, operate 
to release the Issuer as issuer from all of its 
obligations as principal debtor in respect of 
the Notes. 
 
Jede Ersetzung zusammen mit der Mittei-
lung gemäß Absatz 3 dieser Bestimmung be-
freit, im Fall der Einsetzung einer anderen 
Gesellschaft als Hauptschuldnerin, die Emit-
tentin von allen Verbindlichkeiten, die sie als 
Hauptschuldnerin unter den Schuldver-
schreibungen hatte. 
(3) 
Notification to Holders. 
 
(3) 
Benachrichtigung der Gläubiger. 
Not later than 15 Payment Business Days af-
ter effecting the substitution, the Substitute 
Debtor shall give notice thereof to the Hold-
ers and, if any Notes are listed on any stock 
exchange, to such stock exchange in accord-
ance with § 12 and to any other person or 
authority as required by applicable laws or 
regulations. 
 
Spätestens 15 Zahltage nach Durchführung 
der Ersetzung wird die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
dies den Gläubigern und, sollten die Schuld-
verschreibungen an einer Börse notiert sein, 
dieser Börse gemäß § 12 mitteilen und jede 
andere Person oder Stelle, gemäß den an-
wendbaren Gesetzen und Regelungen infor-
mieren. 
§ 11 
(FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION) 
 
§ 11 
(BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG) 
(1) 
Further Issues. 
 
(1) 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
The Issuer may from time to time, without 
the consent of the Holders, issue further 
Notes having the same terms and conditions 
 
Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben, 
die 
in 
jeder 
Hinsicht

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
as the Notes of this series in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the issue date, in-
terest commencement date and/or the issue 
price) so as to form a single series with the 
Notes of this series. 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der 
Begebung, des Zinslaufbeginns und/oder des 
Ausgabepreises) die gleichen Bedingungen 
wie die Schuldverschreibungen dieser Serie 
haben und die zusammen mit den Schuld-
verschreibungen dieser Serie eine einheitli-
che Gesamtemission bilden. 
(2) 
Purchases. 
 
(2) 
Ankauf. 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes 
in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at 
the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or 
surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancella-
tion. If purchases are made by tender, ten-
ders for such Notes must be made available 
to all Holders of such Notes alike. 
 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder an-
derweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kau-
fen. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl 
der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterver-
kauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden. Sofern 
diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot er-
folgen, muss dieses Angebot allen Gläubi-
gern gemacht werden. 
(3) 
Cancellation. 
 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled 
forthwith and may not be reissued or resold.
 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben 
oder wiederverkauft werden. 
§ 12 
(NOTICES) 
 
§ 12 
(MITTEILUNGEN) 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admit-
ted to trading on the regulated market of the Lux-
embourg Stock Exchange the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im amtli-
chen Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am regulierten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(1) 
Publication. 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
As long as the Notes are listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (and as 
long as the rules and regulations of the Lux-
embourg Stock Exchange so require), all no-
tices concerning the Notes will be made by 
means of electronic publication on the inter-
net website of the Luxembourg Stock 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen im amtli-
chen Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger 
Börse notiert und zum Handel am regulier-
ten Markt der Luxemburger Börse zugelas-
sen sind (und die Vorschriften der Luxem-
burger Börse dies verlangen), sind alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mittei-
lungen auf der Internetseite der Luxembur-
ger 
Börse 
(www.bourse.lu) 
zu

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Any notice will 
be deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such publica-
tion (or, if published more than once, on the 
third day following the date of the first such 
publication). 
veröffentlichen. Jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt mit dem dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröf-
fentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag nach dem 
Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subpar-
agraph (1) shall apply. If the Rules of the Lux-
embourg Stock Exchange otherwise so per-
mit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant no-
tice to the Clearing System for communica-
tion by the Clearing System to the Holders, 
in lieu of publication as set forth in subpara-
graph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen im amtli-
chen Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger 
Börse notiert und zum Handel am regulier-
ten Markt der Luxemburger Börse zugelas-
sen sind, sind alle die Schuldverschreibun-
gen betreffenden Mitteilungen gemäß Ab-
satz 1 bekanntzumachen. Soweit die Regeln 
der Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann 
die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach 
Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das Clea-
ring System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubi-
ger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung 
an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a stock ex-
change other than the official list of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange the following applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer 
anderen Börse als im amtlichen Kursblatt (official 
list) der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, ist folgen-
des anwendbar: 
(1) 
Publication. 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
All notices concerning the Notes will be 
made by means of electronic publication on 
the internet website of the stock exchange 
with respect to which the Issuer applied for 
listing of the Notes, as long as the Notes are 
listed on such stock exchange and if the rules 
of such stock exchange so permit. Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the third day following the date of 
such publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the third day following the date of 
the first such publication). 
 
Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffen-
den Mitteilungen sind auf der Internetseite 
der Börse, an der die Emittentin das Listing 
der Notes veranlasst hat zu veröffentlichen, 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an die-
ser Börse notiert sind und die Regeln dieser 
Börse dies zulassen. Jede derartige Mittei-
lung gilt mit dem dritten Tag nach dem Tag 
der Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffent-
lichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
So long as any Notes are listed on such a 
stock exchange, subparagraph (1) shall ap-
ply. If the rules of such stock exchange oth-
erwise so permit, the Issuer may deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to 
the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth 
in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the 
seventh day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen an dieser 
Börse notiert sind, sind alle die Schuldver-
schreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen ge-
mäß Absatz 1 bekanntzumachen. Soweit die 
Regeln dieser Börse dies zulassen, kann die 
Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Ab-
satz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger 
ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mit-
geteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the follow-
ing applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht an ei-
ner Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
The Issuer will deliver all notices to the Clear-
ing System for communication by the Clear-
ing System to the Holders. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Holders on the seventh day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clear-
ing System.] 
 
Die Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschrei-
bungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mit-
teilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes that provide for Resolutions 
of Holders the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger vorsehen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
BY RESOLUTION OF THE HOLDERS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE, AMENDMENT OF THE 
GUARANTEE 
 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER, ÄNDERUNG DER 
GARANTIE 
(1) 
Majority resolutions pursuant to the German 
Act on Issues of Debt Securities. 
 
(1) 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse nach dem Schuldver-
schreibungsgesetz. 
The Holders may with consent of the Issuer 
(if required) by a majority resolution pursu-
ant to section 5 et seqq. of the German Act 
on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissio-
nen) (the SchVG), as amended from time to 
time, agree to amendments of the Terms 
and Conditions or resolve any other matters 
provided for by the SchVG. In particular, the 
Holders may consent to amendments which 
materially change the substance of the 
Terms and Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under section 5 
paragraph 3 of the SchVG by resolutions 
 
Die Gläubiger können mit Zustimmung der 
Emittentin (soweit erforderlich) aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses nach Maßgabe der 
§§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldverschrei-
bungen aus Gesamtemissionen (das SchVG) 
in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung die Emissi-
onsbedingungen ändern oder sonstige Maß-
nahmen gemäß dem SchVG beschließen. Die 
Gläubiger können insbesondere einer Ände-
rung wesentlicher Inhalte der Emissionsbe-
dingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 Ab-
satz 3 SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen 
durch Beschlüsse mit den in dem nachste-
henden § 13(2) genannten Mehrheiten

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
passed by such majority of the votes of the 
Holders as stated under § 13(2) below. A 
duly passed majority resolution shall be 
binding upon all Holders. 
zustimmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle Gläubiger 
verbindlich. 
(2) 
Majority. 
 
(2) 
Mehrheit. 
Except as provided by the following sen-
tence and provided that the quorum re-
quirements are being met, the Holders may 
pass resolutions by simple majority of the 
voting rights participating in the vote. Reso-
lutions which materially change the sub-
stance of the Terms and Conditions, in par-
ticular in the cases of section 5 paragraph 3 
numbers 1 through 9 SchVG, or relating to 
material other matters may only be passed 
by a majority of at least 75% of the voting 
rights participating in the vote (a Qualified 
Majority). 
 
Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und 
der Erreichung der erforderlichen Beschluss-
fähigkeit, beschließen die Gläubiger mit der 
einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Emissionsbedingungen, insbesondere in den 
Fällen des § 5 Absatz 3 Nummern 1 bis 9 
SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von mindestens 
75% der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte (eine Qualifizierte Mehrheit). 
(3) 
Passing of resolutions. 
 
(3) 
Beschlussfassung. 
The Holders can pass resolutions in a meet-
ing (Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by 
means of a vote without a meeting (Abstim-
mung ohne Versammlung) in accordance 
with section 18 and section 5 et seqq. of the 
SchVG. 
 
Die Gläubiger können Beschlüsse in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung gemäß §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG oder im Wege einer Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 und § 5 ff. 
SchVG fassen. 
(4) 
Meeting. 
 
(4) 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
Attendance at the meeting and exercise of 
voting rights is subject to the Holders' regis-
tration. The registration must be received at 
the address stated in the convening notice 
no later than the third day preceding the 
meeting. As part of the registration, Holders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to partici-
pate in the vote in accordance with section 
10 paragraph 3 of the SchVG. 
 
Die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversamm-
lung und die Ausübung der Stimmrechte ist 
von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der Gläubi-
ger abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss unter 
der in der Bekanntmachung der Einberufung 
mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten 
Tag vor der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
Mit der Anmeldung müssen die Gläubiger 
ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Ab-
stimmung gemäß § 10 Absatz 3 SchVG nach-
weisen. 
(5) 
Vote without a meeting. 
 
(5) 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Together with casting their votes Holders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to partici-
pate in the vote in accordance with § 10 par-
agraph 3 of the SchVG. 
 
Zusammen mit der Stimmabgabe müssen 
die Gläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur Teil-
nahme an der Abstimmung gemäß § 10 Ab-
satz 3 SchVG nachweisen. 
(6) 
Second meeting. 
 
(6) 
Zweite Versammlung. 
If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for 
the meeting pursuant to § 13(4) or the vote 
without a meeting pursuant to § 13(5), in 
case of a meeting the chairman (Vor-
sitzender) may convene a second meeting in 
accordance with section 15 paragraph 3 sen-
tence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a vote 
without a meeting the scrutineer (Abstim-
mungsleiter) may convene a second meeting 
within the meaning of section 15 paragraph 
3 sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the 
second meeting and exercise of voting rights 
is subject to the Holders' registration. The 
provisions set out in § 13(4) sentence 3 shall 
apply mutatis mutandis to the Holders' reg-
istration for a second meeting. 
 
Wird für die Gläubigerversammlung gemäß § 
13(4) oder die Abstimmung ohne Versamm-
lung gemäß § 13(5) die mangelnde Be-
schlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann – im Fall 
der Gläubigerversammlung – der Vorsit-
zende eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne 
von § 15 Absatz 3 Satz 2 SchVG und – im Fall 
der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung – der 
Abstimmungsleiter eine zweite Versamm-
lung im Sinne von § 15 Absatz 3 Satz 3 SchVG 
einberufen. Die Teilnahme an der zweiten 
Versammlung und die Ausübung der Stimm-
rechte sind von einer vorherigen Anmeldung 
der Gläubiger abhängig. Für die Anmeldung 
der Gläubiger zu einer zweiten Versammlung 
gilt § 13(4) Satz 3 entsprechend. 
(7) 
Holders' representative. 
 
(7) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
the following applies: The Holders may by 
majority resolution provide for the appoint-
ment or dismissal of a joint representative 
(the Holders' Representative), the duties 
and responsibilities and the powers of such 
Holders' Representative, the transfer of the 
rights of the Holders to the Holders' Repre-
sentative and a limitation of liability of the 
Holders' Representative. § 13(2) to (6) also 
apply to the resolution regarding the ap-
pointment of a Holders' Representative. Ap-
pointment of a Holders' Representative may 
only be passed by a Qualified Majority if such 
Holders' Representative is to be authorized 
to consent, in accordance with § 13(2) 
hereof, to a material change in the substance 
of the Terms and Conditions or other mate-
rial matters.] 
 
[Im Fall, dass kein Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
in den Emissionsbedingungen der Schuld-
verschreibungen bestimmt ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (der Gemeinsame Vertreter) be-
stellen oder abberufen und die Pflichten, 
Aufgaben und Befugnisse des Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, die Übertragung der Rechte der 
Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen Vertreter 
und eine Beschränkung der Haftung des Ge-
meinsamen Vertreters festlegen. Die § 13(2) 
bis (6) gelten auch für die Beschlussfassung 
über die Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Ver-
treters. Die Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehr-
heit, wenn der Gemeinsame Vertreter be-
fugt ist, Änderungen des wesentlichen In-
halts der Emissionsbedingungen oder sonsti-
gen wesentlichen Maßnahmen gemäß § 
13(2) zuzustimmen.]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
the following applies: The joint representa-
tive (the Holders' Representative) shall be 
[name, address]. The Holders' Representa-
tive shall have the duties and responsibilities 
and powers provided for by law. The liability 
of the Holders' Representative shall be lim-
ited to ten times of the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders' Repre-
sentative has acted willfully or with gross 
negligence. The provisions of the SchVG ap-
ply with respect to the dismissal of the Hold-
ers' Representative and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative.] 
 
[Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in 
den Emissionsbedingungen bestimmt wird, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Der gemeinsame 
Vertreter (der Gemeinsame Vertreter) ist 
[Name, Adresse]. Der Gemeinsame Vertre-
ter hat die Pflichten und Verantwortlichkei-
ten und Rechte, die ihm von Gesetzes wegen 
zustehen. Die Haftung des Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf den zehnfachen Betrag sei-
ner jährlichen Vergütung begrenzt, es sei 
denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vor-
sätzlich oder grob fahrlässig gehandelt. Die 
Vorschriften des SchVG gelten im Hinblick 
auf die Abberufung des Gemeinsamen Ver-
treters und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflich-
ten des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.] 
(8) 
Publication. 
 
(8) 
Veröffentlichung. 
Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be 
made exclusively pursuant to the provisions 
of the SchVG. 
 
Alle Bekanntmachungen diesen § 13 betref-
fend erfolgen ausschließlich gemäß den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
(9) 
Amendment of the Guarantee. 
 
(9) 
Änderung der Garantie. 
The provisions set out above applicable to 
the amendment of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the Guarantee. 
 
Die oben aufgeführten auf die Änderung der 
Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschrei-
bungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen gelten 
entsprechend für die Bestimmungen der Ga-
rantie. 
§ 14 
(APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND 
ENFORCEMENT) 
 
§ 14 
(ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG) 
(1) 
Applicable Law. 
 
(1) 
Anwendbares Recht. 
The Notes, as to form and content, and all 
rights and obligations of the Holders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed in every respect by 
German law. 
 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger 
und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
(2) 
Place of Jurisdiction. 
 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Subject to any mandatory jurisdiction for 
specific proceedings under the SchVG, the 
District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am 
Main shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction 
 
Vorbehaltlich eines zwingenden Gerichts-
standes für besondere Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
im Zusammenhang mit dem SchVG, ist das 
Landgericht Frankfurt am Main nicht

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
for any action or other legal proceedings 
(Proceedings) arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes. 
ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zu-
sammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibun-
gen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Ver-
fahren (Rechtsstreitigkeiten). 
(3) 
Enforcement. 
 
(3) 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. 
Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings 
against the Issuer or the Guarantor or to 
which such Holder and the Issuer or the 
Guarantor are parties, protect and enforce in 
his own name his rights arising under such 
Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued 
by the Custodian with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes (a) stating the full name and ad-
dress of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggre-
gate principal amount of Notes credited to 
such securities account on the date of such 
statement and (c) confirming that the Custo-
dian has given written notice to the Clearing 
System containing the information pursuant 
to (a) and (b) which has been confirmed by 
the Clearing System; (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true copy by 
a duly authorized officer of the Clearing Sys-
tem or a depositary of the Clearing System, 
without the need for production in such pro-
ceedings of the actual records or the global 
note representing the Notes or (iii) any other 
means of proof permitted in legal proceed-
ings in the country of enforcement. For pur-
poses of the foregoing, Custodian means any 
bank or other financial institution of recog-
nized standing authorized to engage in secu-
rities custody business with which the 
Holder maintains a securities account in re-
spect of the Notes and which maintains an 
account with the Clearing System, and in-
cludes the Clearing System. Each Holder 
may, without prejudice to the foregoing, 
protect and enforce his rights under these 
Notes also in any other way which is admit-
ted in the country of the Proceedings. 
 
Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen 
ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen 
die Emittentin oder die Garantiegeberin 
oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläu-
biger und die Emittentin oder die Garantie-
geberin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen 
auf der folgenden Grundlage zu schützen 
oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Be-
scheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er 
für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpa-
pierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den vollstän-
digen Namen und die vollständige Adresse 
des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnenn-
betrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeich-
net, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung 
auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und 
(c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber 
dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklä-
rung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend un-
ter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen 
enthält und einen Bestätigungsvermerk des 
Clearingsystems trägt; (ii) er legt eine Kopie 
der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine ver-
tretungsberechtigte Person des Clearingsys-
tems oder des Verwahrers des Clearingsys-
tems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage 
der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldver-
schreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich 
wäre oder (iii) auf jede andere Weise, die im 
Lande der Geltendmachung prozessual zu-
lässig ist. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden 
bezeichnet Depotbank jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das be-
rechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsge-
schäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der 
Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen unterhält und ein 
Konto 
beim 
Clearingsystem 
unterhält,

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
einschließlich des Clearingsystems. Jeder 
Gläubiger kann unbeschadet des Vorstehen-
den seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldver-
schreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen und durchsetzen, die im Land des 
Verfahrens zulässig ist. 
§ 15 
(LANGUAGE) 
 
§ 15 
(SPRACHE) 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the Ger-
man language with an English language transla-
tion, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher Spra-
che mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the Ger-
man language and provided with an English lan-
guage translation. The German text shall be control-
ling and binding. The English language translation is 
provided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die engli-
sche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the Eng-
lish language with a German language translation, 
the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache abgefasst sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the Eng-
lish language and provided with German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling and 
binding. The German language translation is pro-
vided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deut-
sche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the Eng-
lish language only, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the Eng-
lish language only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Notes are publicly offered in whole or in part 
in Germany or distributed in whole or in part to 
non-professional investors in Germany with Eng-
lish language Conditions, the following applies:  
 
 
Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Emissionsbedingun-
gen wird bei der Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA, Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad Homburg 
v. d. H., zur kostenlosen Ausgabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with 
floating interest rate 
 
OPTION II – Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldver-
schreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
§ 1 
(CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM) 
 
§ 1 
(WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM) 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. 
 
(1) 
Währung; Stückelung. 
This series of Notes (the Notes) of Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (also referred to 
as the Issuer) is being issued in [Specified 
Currency] (the Specified Currency) in the ag-
gregate principal amount [in the case the 
Global Note is a New Global Note (NGN) the 
following applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [ag-
gregate principal amount] (in words: [ag-
gregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination of [Specified Denomination] 
(the Specified Denomination). 
 
Diese Serie von Schuldverschreibungen (die 
Schuldverschreibungen) der Fresenius Medi-
cal Care AG & Co. KGaA (auch als die Emitten-
tin bezeichnet) wird in [Festgelegte Wäh-
rung] (die Festgelegte Währung) im Gesamt-
nennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde eine 
New Global Note (NGN) ist, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1(4))] von [Ge-
samtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnenn-
betrag in Worten]) in einer Stückelung von 
[Festgelegte Stückelung] (die Festgelegte 
Stückelung) begeben. 
(2) 
Form. 
 
(2) 
Form. 
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den In-
haber. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note the following applies:  
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) 
Permanent Global Note. 
 
(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
The Notes are represented by a permanent 
global note (the Permanent Global Note or 
the Global Note) without coupons. The Per-
manent Global Note shall be signed manually 
by authorized signatories of the Issuer and 
shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued.] 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobalur-
kunde oder die Globalurkunde) ohne Zins-
scheine verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt die eigenhändigen Unterschriften ord-
nungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und ist von der Emissionsstelle 
oder in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunter-
schrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zins-
scheine werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented 
by a Temporary Global Note the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich 
durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
ist folgendes anwendbar:

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
(3) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
(3) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially represented by 
a temporary global note (the Tempo-
rary Global Note) without coupons. 
The Temporary Global Note will be ex-
changeable for Notes in Specified De-
nominations represented by a perma-
nent global note (the Permanent 
Global Note and together with the 
Temporary Global Note, the Global 
Notes) without coupons. [In the case 
of Euroclear and CBL and if the Global 
Note is an NGN the following applies: 
The details of such exchange shall be 
entered in the records of the ICSDs (as 
defined below).] The Global Notes 
shall each be signed manually by au-
thorized signatories of the Issuer and 
shall each be authenticated by or on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive 
Notes and interest coupons will not 
be issued. 
 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind an-
fänglich durch eine vorläufige Global-
urkunde (die Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in den Festge-
legten Stückelungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die Dauergloba-
lurkunde und zusammen mit der Vor-
läufigen Globalurkunde, die Globalur-
kunden) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft 
sind, ausgetauscht. [Im Fall von Euro-
clear und CBL und wenn die Globalur-
kunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: Die Einzelheiten eines sol-
chen Austausches werden in die Auf-
zeichnungen der ICSDs (wie nachste-
hend definiert) aufgenommen.] Die 
Globalurkunden tragen jeweils die ei-
genhändigen 
Unterschriften 
ord-
nungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertre-
ter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von 
der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Na-
men mit einer Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zins-
scheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(b) 
The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global 
Note on a date (the Exchange Date) 
not earlier than 40 days after the date 
of issue of the Notes. Such exchange 
shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the 
beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain 
persons holding Notes through such 
financial institutions). Payment of in-
terest on Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note will be made 
only after delivery of such certifica-
tions. A separate certification shall be 
required in respect of each such pay-
ment of interest. Any such certifica-
tion received on or after the 40th day 
 
(b) 
Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der Austauschtag) gegen 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
ausge-
tauscht, der nicht weniger als 40 Tage 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Ein sol-
cher Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage 
von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wo-
nach der oder die wirtschaftlichen Ei-
gentümer der Schuldverschreibungen 
keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenom-
men bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder 
bestimmte Personen, die Schuldver-
schreibungen über solche Finanzinsti-
tute halten). Solange die Schuldver-
schreibungen durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, werden 
Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage die-
ser Bescheinigungen vorgenommen.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
after the date of issue of the Notes 
will be treated as a request to ex-
change the Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 
1(3). Any Notes delivered in exchange 
for the Temporary Global Note shall 
be delivered only outside of the 
United States (as defined in § 1(6)).] 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für 
jede solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach 
dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Bege-
bung der Schuldverschreibungen ein-
geht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, diese Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde gemäß Absatz (b) dieses § 1(3) 
auszutauschen. Schuldverschreibun-
gen, die im Austausch für die Vorläu-
fige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten (wie in § 1(6) definiert) gelie-
fert werden.] 
(4) 
Clearing System. 
 
(4) 
Clearingsystem. 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by 
or on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
have been satisfied. Clearing System means 
[if more than one Clearing System, the fol-
lowing applies: each of] the following: 
[Clearstream Banking Aktiengesellschaft, 
Frankfurt am Main (CBF)] [Clearstream Bank-
ing S.A. Luxembourg (CBL)] [and] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV Brussels as operator of the Euro-
clear System (Euroclear)] and any successor 
in such capacity. [In the case of CBL and Eu-
roclear as Clearing System the following ap-
plies: International Central Securities De-
positary or ICSD means each of CBL and Eu-
roclear (together, the ICSDs).] 
 
Die Globalurkunde wird solange von einem 
oder im Namen eines Clearingsystems ver-
wahrt, bis sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt sind. Clearingsystem bedeutet [bei 
mehr als einem Clearingsystem ist folgendes 
anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: [Clearstream 
Banking Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am 
Main (CBF)] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Lu-
xemburg (CBL)] [und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
Brüssel, als Betreiberin des Euroclear Sys-
tems (Euroclear)] sowie jeder Funktionsnach-
folger. [Im Fall von CBL oder Euroclear als 
Clearingsystem ist folgendes anwendbar: In-
ternational Central Securities Depositary 
oder ICSD bezeichnet jeweils CBL und Euro-
clear (zusammen die ICSDs).] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on be-
half of the ICSDs and the global note is a 
NGN, the following applies: The Notes are is-
sued in new global note (NGN) form and are 
kept in custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf of both ICSDs. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und falls 
die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgen-
des anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen 
werden in Form einer New Global Note (NGN) 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs ver-
wahrt. 
The principal amount of Notes represented 
by the Global Note shall be the aggregate 
amount from time to time entered in the rec-
ords of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs 
(which expression means the records that 
 
Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ent-
spricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider 
ICSDs eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Re-
gister der ICSDs (unter denen man die

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
each ICSD holds for its customers which re-
flect the amount of such customer's interest 
in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of 
the principal amount of Notes represented 
by the Global Note and, for these purposes, 
a statement issued by an ICSD stating the 
principal amount of Notes so represented at 
any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine 
Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind schlüssi-
ger Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldver-
schreibungen und eine zu diesen Zwecken 
von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bestäti-
gung mit dem Nennbetrag der so verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen ist zu jedem Zeit-
punkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den In-
halt des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD. 
On any redemption or payment of interest 
being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented 
by the Global Note the Issuer shall procure 
that details of any redemption, payment or 
purchase and cancellation (as the case may 
be) in respect of the Global Note shall be en-
tered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the 
principal amount of the Notes recorded in 
the records of the ICSDs and represented by 
the Global Note shall be reduced by the ag-
gregate principal amount of the Notes so re-
deemed or purchased and cancelled.] 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bezüglich 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde ver-
brieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
jede Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunden pro 
rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, und nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Nennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs auf-
genommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldschreibungen der Gesamt-
nennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. ge-
kauften und entwerteten Schuldverschrei-
bungen abgezogen wird.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on be-
half of the ICSDs and the global note is a 
CGN, the following applies: The Notes are is-
sued in classical global note (CGN) form and 
are kept in custody by a common depositary 
on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und falls 
die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen wer-
den in Form einer Classical Global Note (CGN) 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs ver-
wahrt.] 
(5) 
Holder. 
 
(5) 
Gläubiger. 
Holder means any holder of a proportionate 
co-ownership or other beneficial interest or 
right in the Notes. 
 
Gläubiger bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Mit-
eigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichba-
ren Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a 
NGN, the following applies: On an exchange 
of a portion only of the Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall 
procure that details of such exchange shall 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch nur eines 
Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch 
eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
be entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs.] 
Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
(6) 
United States. 
 
(6) 
Vereinigte Staaten. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Condi-
tions, United States means the United States 
of America (including the States thereof and 
the District of Columbia) and its territories 
and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet Vereinigte Staaten die Vereinig-
ten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich de-
ren Bundesstaaten und des District of Colum-
bia) sowie deren Territorien und Besitztümer 
(einschließlich Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin Is-
lands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island 
und Northern Mariana Islands). 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE AND GUARANTEE) 
 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG UND 
GARANTIE) 
(1) 
Status. 
 
(1) 
Status. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer ranking pari passu among them-
selves and pari passu with all other present 
or future unsecured and unsubordinated ob-
ligations of the Issuer, unless such obliga-
tions are accorded priority under mandatory 
provisions of statutory law. 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbind-
lichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander 
und mit allen anderen gegenwärtigen und 
künftigen nicht besicherten und nicht nach-
rangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlich-
keiten nicht durch zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird.
(2) 
Negative Pledge. 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstand-
ing, but only up to the time all amounts of 
principal and interest have been placed at 
the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer 
undertakes (i) not to grant or permit to sub-
sist any mortgage, land charge, lien or any 
other security right in rem (dingliches Sicher-
ungsrecht) (the Security Interest) over any or 
all of its present or future assets, as security 
for any present or future Capital Market In-
debtedness and (ii) to procure, to the extent 
legally possible, that none of its Subsidiaries 
will grant or permit to subsist any Security In-
terest over any or all of its present or future 
assets, as security for any present or future 
Capital Market Indebtedness, without at the 
 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch 
nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge 
an Kapital und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, (i) keine 
Grundpfandrechte, Pfandrechte oder sonsti-
gen dinglichen Sicherungsrechte (ein Siche-
rungsrecht) an gegenwärtigen oder zukünfti-
gen Teilen ihres Vermögens oder ihres Ver-
mögens insgesamt zur Sicherung der gegen-
wärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktver-
bindlichkeiten zu bestellen oder fortbestehen 
zu lassen, und (ii) soweit rechtlich möglich, zu 
veranlassen, dass keine ihrer Tochtergesell-
schaften Sicherungsrechte an gegenwärtigen 
oder zukünftigen Teilen ihres Vermögens

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
same time having the Holders share equally 
and ratably in such Security Interest. This un-
dertaking shall not apply with respect to any 
Security Interest which (i) is provided over 
any of the Issuer's claims or claims of any of 
its Subsidiaries against any affiliated compa-
nies within the meaning of sections 15 et 
seqq. of the German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz) or any third party, which 
claims exist now or arise at any time in the 
future, as a result of the passing on of the 
proceeds from the sale by the issuer of any 
securities, provided that any such security 
serves to secure obligations under such secu-
rities issued by the Issuer or by any of its Sub-
sidiaries, (ii) is existing on assets at the time 
of the acquisition thereof by the Issuer or by 
any of its Subsidiaries or is existing over as-
sets of a newly acquired company which be-
comes a member of the Fresenius Medical 
Care Group, (iii) is existing on the issue date 
of the Notes, (iv) secures a Capital Market In-
debtedness existing at the time of acquisition 
that becomes an obligation of the Issuer or of 
any company within the Fresenius Medical 
Care Group as a consequence of such acqui-
sition, provided that such Capital Market In-
debtedness was not created in contempla-
tion of such acquisition (v) is mandatory pur-
suant to applicable laws or required as a pre-
requisite for obtaining any governmental ap-
provals, (vi) is provided in connection with 
any issuance of asset backed securities by the 
Issuer or by any of its Subsidiaries, (vii) is pro-
vided in respect of any issuance of asset 
backed securities made by a special purpose 
vehicle where the Issuer or any of its Subsid-
iaries is the originator of the underlying as-
sets, (viii) is provided in connection with the 
renewal, extension or replacement of any se-
curity pursuant to foregoing (i) through (vii) 
and, (ix) secures Capital Market Indebted-
ness the principal amount of which (when ag-
gregated with the principal amount of any 
other Capital Market Indebtedness which 
has the benefit of a security other than any 
permitted under the subparagraphs (i) to 
(viii) 
above) 
does 
not 
exceed 
oder ihres Vermögens insgesamt zur Siche-
rung der gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Ka-
pitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
bestellt 
oder 
fortbestehen lässt, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger 
zur gleichen Zeit auf gleiche Weise und antei-
lig an diesen Sicherungsrechten teilhaben zu 
lassen. Diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht in Bezug 
auf Sicherungsrechte, die (i) an gegenwärti-
gen oder zukünftigen Ansprüchen der Emit-
tentin oder Ansprüchen einer ihrer Tochter-
gesellschaften gegen verbundene Unterneh-
men im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. Aktiengesetz oder 
gegen Dritte aufgrund von einer Übertragung 
von Erlösen aus dem Verkauf von Wertpapie-
ren bestehen, soweit diese Sicherheiten zur 
Sicherung von Verpflichtungen aus diesen 
durch die Emittentin oder durch eine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften ausgegebenen Wert-
papieren dienen, (ii) zur Sicherung von Ver-
mögensgegenständen bestellt sind, die be-
reits zum Zeitpunkt ihres Erwerbs durch die 
Emittentin oder durch eine ihrer Tochterge-
sellschaften bestanden, oder am Vermögen 
einer neu erworbenen Gesellschaft beste-
hen, die Mitglied des Fresenius Medical Care-
Konzerns wird, (iii) zum Ausgabetag der 
Schuldverschreibungen bestehen, (iv) eine im 
Zeitpunkt einer Akquisition bestehende Kapi-
talmarktverbindlichkeit besichern, die infolge 
der Akquisition eine Verpflichtung der Emit-
tentin oder einer Gesellschaft des Fresenius 
Medical Care-Konzerns wird, sofern diese Ka-
pitalmarktverbindlichkeit nicht im Hinblick 
auf diese Akquisition begründet wurde, (v) 
aufgrund anwendbaren Rechts gesetzlich 
vorgeschriebene Sicherheiten sind oder sol-
che, deren Bestehen eine Voraussetzung zur 
Erteilung einer behördlichen Genehmigung 
sind, (vi) im Zusammenhang mit durch die 
Emittentin oder durch eine ihrer Tochterge-
sellschaften begebenen Asset Backed Securi-
ties (ABS) stehen, (vii) im Zusammenhang mit 
durch Zweckgesellschaften begebenen Asset 
Backed Securities (ABS) stehen, bei denen die 
Emittentin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesell-
schaften der Originator der zugrundeliegen-
den Vermögensgegenstände ist, (viii) der Er-
neuerung, Verlängerung oder dem Austausch 
irgendeiner Sicherheit gemäß vorstehend (i)

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies at any time). 
bis (vii) dienen und (ix) Kapitalmarktverbind-
lichkeiten besichern, deren Kapitalbetrag (bei 
Aufaddierung auf den Kapitalbetrag sonstiger 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, für die an-
dere Sicherheiten als die nach (i) bis (viii) zu-
lässigen bestehen) EUR 100.000.000 (oder 
deren jeweiligen Gegenwert in anderen Wäh-
rungen) nicht überschreitet. 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
Capital Market Indebtedness means any ob-
ligation for the payment of borrowed money 
which is evidenced by a certificate of indebt-
edness (Schuldscheindarlehen) or which is 
represented by any bond or debt security 
with an original maturity of more than one 
year which is, or is intended to be, or is capa-
ble of being listed or traded on a stock ex-
change or other recognized securities mar-
ket. 
 
Im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedingungen be-
zeichnet Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit jede 
Verbindlichkeit zur Rückzahlung aufgenom-
mener Geldbeträge, die durch Schuldschein-
darlehen dokumentiert ist oder durch Schuld-
verschreibungen oder sonstige Wertpapiere 
mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr 
als einem Jahr, die an einer Börse oder an ei-
nem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt 
zugelassen oder gehandelt werden oder zu-
gelassen oder gehandelt werden können, 
verbrieft, verkörpert oder dokumentiert ist.  
Fresenius Medical Care Group means Frese-
nius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and its Sub-
sidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
Fresenius Medical Care-Konzern bezeichnet 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA und 
ihre Tochtergesellschaften auf konsolidierter 
Basis. 
Subsidiary means, with respect to any Per-
son, any corporation, limited liability com-
pany, association, partnership or other busi-
ness entity whose results of operations are 
consolidated in accordance with IFRS with 
those of: 
 
Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
einen Rechtsträger, eine Kapitalgesellschaft, 
eine Gesellschaft mit Haftungsbeschränkung, 
eine Vereinigung, eine Personengesellschaft 
oder ein sonstiges Unternehmen, deren bzw. 
dessen Ergebnisse gemäß den IFRS mit den 
Ergebnissen folgender Personen konsolidiert 
werden: 
(a) 
such Person; 
 
(a) 
dieses Rechtsträgers; 
(b) 
such Person and one or more Subsidi-
aries of such Person; or 
 
(b) 
dieses Rechtsträgers und einer oder 
mehreren Tochtergesellschaften die-
ses Rechtsträgers; oder 
(c) 
one or more Subsidiaries of such Per-
son. 
 
(c) 
einer oder mehrerer Tochtergesell-
schaften dieses Rechtsträgers. 
IFRS refers to International Financial Report-
ing 
Standards 
of 
the 
International 
 
IFRS bezeichnet die International Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
des 
International

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Accounting Standards Board, as adopted by 
the European Union. 
Account Standards Board, wie sie von der Eu-
ropäischen Union anerkannt werden. 
(3) 
Guarantee. 
 
(3) 
Garantie. 
Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. (the 
Guarantor) has given an unconditional and 
irrevocable guarantee (the Guarantee) for 
the due and punctual payment of principal 
of, and interest on, and any other amounts 
payable under any Notes. The Guarantee 
constitutes a contract for the benefit of the 
Holders from time to time as third party ben-
eficiaries in accordance with § 328 paragraph 
1 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Ge-
setzbuch)1, giving rise to the right of each 
Holder to require performance of the Guar-
antee directly from the Guarantor and to en-
force the Guarantee directly against the 
Guarantor. Copies of the Guarantee may be 
obtained free of charge at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent. 
 
Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. (die Ga-
rantiegeberin) hat eine unbedingte und un-
widerrufliche Garantie (die Garantie) für die 
ordnungsgemäße und pünktliche Zahlung 
von Kapital und Zinsen und allen anderen zu 
zahlenden Beträgen unter den Schuldver-
schreibungen übernommen. Die Garantie 
stellt einen Vertrag zugunsten der Gläubiger 
als begünstigte Dritte im Sinne des § 328 Ab-
satz 1 BGB dar, der jedem Gläubiger das 
Recht gibt, Erfüllung der in der Garantie über-
nommenen Verpflichtungen unmittelbar von 
der Garantiegeberin zu verlangen und diese 
Verpflichtungen unmittelbar gegen die Ga-
rantiegeberin durchzusetzen. Kopien der Ga-
rantie können kostenlos bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle bezogen 
werden. 
(4) 
Release of Guarantee. 
 
(4) 
Freigabe der Garantie. 
Pursuant to its terms, the Guarantee (but not 
any payment obligation under the Guarantee 
which has already become due and payable) 
will be automatically and unconditionally re-
leased (and thereupon shall terminate and 
be discharged and be of no further force and 
effect) at any time when the Guarantor is no 
longer an Obligor under the Syndicated 
Credit Facility (as defined below), provided 
that, if under the Syndicated Credit Facility, a 
new guarantee is granted, the Issuer will pro-
cure that substantially the same guarantee 
will also be granted in respect of the obliga-
tions under the Notes for the benefit of the 
Holders. 
 
Gemäß ihren Bestimmungen wird die Garan-
tie (aber keine Zahlungsverpflichtung im Rah-
men der Garantie, die bereits fällig und zahl-
bar geworden ist) automatisch und unbe-
dingt freigegeben (und gilt von diesem Zeit-
punkt an als erloschen und unwirksam), so-
bald die Garantiegeberin nicht mehr Ver-
pflichtete unter der Syndizierten Kreditlinie 
ist, wobei, sollte unter der syndizierten Kre-
ditlinie (wie nachstehend definiert) eine neue 
Garantie gestellt werden, die Emittentin si-
cherstellen wird, dass eine Garantie zu den 
im Wesentlichen gleichen Bedingungen auch 
in Ansehung der Schuldverschreibungen zu-
gunsten der Gläubiger gestellt wird. 
 
1  An English language convenience translation of § 328 paragraph 1 BGB (German Civil Code) reads as follows: A contract 
may stipulate performance for the benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right directly to 
demand performance.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
Syndicated Credit Facility means the syndi-
cated credit facility dated as of July 1, 2021 
among the Issuer and the Guarantor as bor-
rowers and guarantors, Bank of America Eu-
rope DAC as administrative agent and the 
lenders named therein, (as amended, re-
stated, modified, extended, renewed and/or 
supplemented or as refinanced or replaced 
from time to time). 
 
Syndizierte Kreditlinie bedeutet die syndi-
zierte Kreditlinie vom 1. Juli 2021 zwischen 
der Emittentin, der Garantiegeberin als Kre-
ditnehmer und Garanten, der Bank of Ame-
rica Europe DAC, als Verwaltungsagent und 
den darin genannten Kreditgebern (in der je-
weils gültigen Fassung, angepasst, modifi-
ziert, erweitert, erneuert und/oder ergänzt 
oder refinanziert oder ersetzt). 
(5) 
In case of a release of the Guarantee the Is-
suer will notify the Holders pursuant to § 12.
 
(5) 
Im Fall einer Freigabe der Garantie wird die 
Emittentin dies den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 
mitteilen. 
§ 3 
(INTEREST) 
 
§ 3 
(ZINSEN) 
(1) 
Interest Payment Dates. 
 
(1) 
Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest on their 
Specified Denomination from (and in-
cluding) [Interest Commencement 
Date] (the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the first Inter-
est Payment Date and thereafter from 
(and including) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the next fol-
lowing Interest Payment Date. Inter-
est on the Notes shall be payable in 
arrears on each Interest Payment 
Date. 
 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
bezogen auf ihre Festgelegte Stücke-
lung vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] (der 
Verzinsungsbeginn) 
(einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (aus-
schließlich) und danach von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) verzinst. Die Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
nachträglich an jedem Zinszahlungs-
tag zahlbar. 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date means 
 
(b) 
Zinszahlungstag bedeutet  
[In case of Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, the following applies: each 
[Specified Interest Payment Dates].] 
 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zinszah-
lungstagen ist folgendes anwendbar: 
jeder 
[festgelegte 
Zinszahlungs-
tage].] 
[In case of Specified Interest Periods, 
the following applies: each date 
which (except as otherwise provided 
in these Terms and Conditions) falls 
[number] [weeks] [months] after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
in the case of the first Interest Pay-
ment Date, after the Interest Com-
mencement Date.] 
 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperio-
den ist folgendes anwendbar: (soweit 
diese Emissionsbedingungen keine ab-
weichenden Bestimmungen vorse-
hen) jeweils der Tag, der [Zahl] [Wo-
chen] [Monate] nach dem vorausge-
henden Zinszahlungstag liegt, oder im 
Fall des ersten Zinszahlungstages, 
nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn.]

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
(c) 
If any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day (as defined below), it 
shall be: 
 
(c) 
Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen 
Tag, der kein Geschäftstag (wie nach-
folgend definiert) ist, so wird der Zins-
zahlungstag  
[In case of Modified Following Busi-
ness Day Convention, the following 
applies: postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calen-
dar month, in which event the Inter-
est Payment Date shall be the imme-
diately preceding Business Day.] 
 
[Im Fall der modifizierten folgender 
Geschäftstag-Konvention ist folgen-
des anwendbar: auf den nächstfol-
genden Geschäftstag verschoben, es 
sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in 
diesem Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag 
auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[In case of FRN Convention, the fol-
lowing applies: postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calen-
dar month, in which event (i) the In-
terest Payment Date shall be the im-
mediately preceding Business Day 
and (ii) each subsequent Interest Pay-
ment Date shall be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls [insert 
number] [months] [insert other spec-
ified periods] after the preceding ap-
plicable Interest Payment Date.] 
 
[Im Fall der FRN-Konvention ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: auf den nächst-
folgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, 
es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in 
den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; 
in diesem Fall (i) wird der Zinszah-
lungstag auf den unmittelbar vorher-
gehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen 
und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende Zinszah-
lungstag der jeweils letzte Geschäfts-
tag des Monats, der [Zahl einfügen] 
[Monate] [andere festgelegte Zeit-
räume einfügen] nach dem vorherge-
henden anwendbaren Zinszahlungs-
tag liegt.] 
[In case of Following Business Day 
Convention, the following applies: 
postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day.] 
 
[Im Fall der folgender Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist folgendes anwendbar: 
auf den nachfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben.] 
[In case of Preceding Business Day 
Convention, the following applies: 
the immediately preceding Business 
Day.] 
 
[Im Fall der vorhergehender Ge-
schäftstag-Konvention ist folgendes 
anwendbar: auf den unmittelbar vor-
hergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezo-
gen.] 
(d) 
In this § 3, Business Day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which the Clearing System is oper-
ational and 
 
(d) 
In diesem § 3 bezeichnet Geschäftstag 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem 
betriebsbereit ist und 
[In case the Notes are not denomi-
nated in Euro, the following applies: 
on which commercial banks are 
 
[Im Fall von nicht auf Euro lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist folgendes 
anwendbar: an dem Geschäftsbanken

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
generally open for business, and for-
eign exchange markets settle pay-
ments in [relevant financial cen-
ter(s)].] 
allgemein für Geschäfte in [rele-
vante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet 
sind und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in 
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] ab-
wickeln].] 
[In case the Notes are denominated 
in Euro, the following applies: on 
which all relevant parts of the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross 
settlement Express Transfer system 
(TARGET2) are operational to effect 
the relevant payment.] 
 
[Im Fall von auf Euro lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist folgendes 
anwendbar: an dem alle betroffenen 
Bereiche des Trans-European Auto-
mated Real-time Gross settlement Ex-
press Transfer system (TARGET2) be-
triebsbereit sind, um die betreffende 
Zahlung abzuwickeln.] 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. 
 
(2) 
Zinssatz. 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in 
the Specified Currency is EURIBOR, the fol-
lowing applies: 
 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung EURIBOR ist, ist folgen-
des anwendbar: 
(a) 
The rate of interest (the Rate of In-
terest) for each Interest Period (as 
defined below) will, except as pro-
vided below [in case of Minimum 
Rate of Interest or Maximum Rate of 
Interest the following applies: or 
§ 3(3)], be the offered quotation (ex-
pressed as a percentage rate per an-
num) for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for that Interest Period 
which appears on the Screen Page as 
of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date (as de-
fined below) [in case of a Margin the 
following applies: [plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)], all as de-
termined by the Calculation Agent 
(as defined in § 6). 
 
(a) 
Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) ist, sofern nachstehend [im Fall 
eines Mindestzinssatzes oder Höchst-
zinssatzes ist folgendes anwendbar: 
oder § 3(3)] nichts Abweichendes be-
stimmt wird, der Angebotssatz (ausge-
drückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für 
Einlagen in der Festgelegten Währung 
für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, der auf 
der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestle-
gungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) 
angezeigt wird [im Fall einer Marge, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: [zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachste-
hend definiert)], wobei alle Festlegun-
gen durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie 
in § 6 definiert) erfolgen. 
Interest Period means each period 
from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but exclud-
ing) the first Interest Payment Date 
and from (and including) each Interest 
Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
 
Zinsperiode bezeichnet jeweils den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zins-
zahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) 
bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zins-
zahlungstag (ausschließlich).

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Interest Determination Date means 
the second TARGET2 Business Day 
prior to the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period. TARGET2 
Business Day means a day (other than 
a Saturday or Sunday) on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time 
Gross settlement Express Transfer 
system (TARGET2) is open. 
 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet den 
zweiten TARGET2-Geschäftstag vor 
Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode. 
TARGET2-Geschäftstag bezeichnet ei-
nen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem das Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settle-
ment 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
(TARGET2) betriebsbereit ist. 
[In case of a Margin, the following 
applies: Margin means [insert rele-
vant Margin]% per annum.] 
[Im Fall einer Marge ist folgendes an-
wendbar: Die Marge beträgt [ent-
sprechende Marge einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
Screen Page means the Reuters 
screen page EURIBOR01 or the rele-
vant successor page on that service or 
on any other service as may be nomi-
nated as the information vendor for 
the purposes of displaying rates or 
prices comparable to the relevant of-
fered quotation. 
 
Bildschirmseite 
bedeutet 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder die 
jeweilige Nachfolgeseite, die vom sel-
ben System angezeigt wird oder aber 
von einem anderen System, das zum 
Vertreiber von Informationen zum 
Zwecke der Anzeige von Sätzen oder 
Preisen ernannt wurde, die mit dem 
betreffenden Angebotssatz vergleich-
bar sind. 
If the Screen Page is not available or if 
no such quotation appears at such 
time, in each case for reasons other 
than the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event (as defined below), the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be the offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for 
the relevant Interest Period which ap-
pears on the Substitute Screen Page 
at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination 
Date [in case of a Margin the follow-
ing applies: [plus] [minus] the Mar-
gin], all as determined by the Calcula-
tion Agent. 
 
Sollte die Bildschirmseite nicht zur 
Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der ge-
nannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz ange-
zeigt und beruht dies jeweils auf ande-
ren Gründen als dem Eintritt eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses (wie nachste-
hend definiert), ist der Zinssatz für die 
betreffende Zinsperiode der Ange-
botssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz 
per annum) für Einlagen in der Festge-
legten Währung für die jeweilige Zins-
periode, der auf der Ersatz-Bildschirm-
seite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nach-
stehend definiert) um ca. 11.00 Uhr 
(Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigt wird [im 
Fall einer Marge ist folgendes an-
wendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge], wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.
If neither the Screen Page nor the 
Substitute Screen Page is available or 
if no such quotation appears on any 
 
Sollte weder die Bildschirmseite noch 
die Ersatz-Bildschirmseite zur Verfü-
gung stehen oder wird zu der

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
such page at such time, in each case 
for reasons other than the occurrence 
of a Benchmark Event (as defined be-
low), the Rate of Interest shall be the 
offered quotation on the Screen Page, 
as described above, on the last day 
preceding the Interest Determination 
Date on which such quotation was of-
fered [in case of a Margin, the follow-
ing applies: [plus] [minus] the Mar-
gin]. 
genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz auf 
einer dieser Seiten angezeigt und be-
ruht dies jeweils auf anderen Gründen 
als dem Eintritt eines Benchmark-Er-
eignisses (wie nachstehend definiert), 
ist der Zinssatz der Angebotssatz auf 
der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend 
beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor 
dem Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem ein 
solcher Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde 
[im Fall einer Marge ist folgendes an-
wendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge]. 
Substitute Screen Page means the 
screen page of any authorized vendor 
other than the Screen Page or any 
other available website or screen 
page of a financial data provider on 
which the offered quotation (ex-
pressed as a percentage per annum) 
for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for the relevant Interest Period as de-
termined by its administrator (cur-
rently the European Money Markets 
Institute (EMMI)) for the relevant In-
terest Determination Date is dis-
played.] 
 
Ersatz-Bildschirmseite bezeichnet die 
Bildschirmseite eines anderen autori-
sierten Anbieters als die Bildschirm-
seite oder eine andere verfügbare 
Website oder Bildschirmseite eines Fi-
nanzdatenanbieters, auf der der An-
gebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Prozent-
satz per annum) für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung für die jewei-
lige Zinsperiode, wie er für den jewei-
ligen Zinsfestlegungstag vom Admi-
nistrator (derzeit das European Mo-
ney Markets Institute (EMMI)) festge-
legt wird, angezeigt wird.] 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines (in consulta-
tion with the Calculation Agent) that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred on or 
prior to an Interest Determination 
Date, the following shall apply: 
 
(b) 
Stellt die Emittentin (in Abstimmung 
mit der Berechnungsstelle) fest, dass 
vor oder an einem Zinsfestlegungstag 
ein Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten 
ist, gilt Folgendes: 
(i) 
The Offered Interest Rate for 
the Interest Period following 
such Interest Determination 
Date and each subsequent In-
terest Period (unless a new 
Benchmark 
Event 
occurs 
thereafter) shall be the Re-
placement Offered Interest 
Rate (as defined below), ad-
justed, if necessary, by any Ad-
justment Spread (as defined 
below). The Issuer will inform 
the Calculation Agent at least 5 
Business Days prior to such 
 
(i) 
Der Angebotszinssatz für die 
auf den Zinsfestlegungstag fol-
gende Zinsperiode und jede 
nachfolgende Zinsperiode (es 
sei denn, es tritt in der Folge 
ein neues Benchmark-Ereignis 
ein) ist der Ersatz-Angebots-
zinssatz (wie nachstehend defi-
niert), 
der 
gegebenenfalls 
durch eine etwaige Anpas-
sungsspanne (wie nachstehend 
definiert) angepasst wird. Die 
Emittentin wird die Berech-
nungsstelle 
hierüber

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
Interest Determination Date 
thereof and shall, in accord-
ance with § 12 of these Terms 
and Conditions, notify the Re-
placement Offered Interest 
Rate, any Adjustment Spread 
and the Adjustments (as de-
fined below) and all of these 
determinations (as well as any 
amendment of the Interest De-
termination Date if so deter-
mined) shall become binding 
on the Issuer and the Holders 
with effect from the relevant 
Interest Determination Date as 
from the effectiveness of such 
notice. 
mindestens 5 Geschäftstage 
vor obenstehendem Zinsbe-
rechnungstag informieren und 
den 
Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz, 
die etwaige Anpassungsspanne 
und die Anpassungen (wie 
nachstehend definiert) gemäß 
§ 12 dieser Emissionsbedin-
gungen bekanntmachen und 
diese (sowie eine etwaige Än-
derung des Zinsfestlegungs-
tags, falls dies so bestimmt 
wird) werden mit Wirksamwer-
den der Bekanntmachung für 
die Emittentin und die Gläubi-
ger mit Wirkung ab dem rele-
vanten Zinsfestlegungstag ver-
bindlich. 
 
(ii) 
If a Replacement Offered Inter-
est 
Rate 
referred 
to 
in 
§ 3(2)(b)(i) is not available, the 
Issuer, after consultation with 
the Independent Advisor (as 
defined below), will determine 
the Alternative Offered Inter-
est Rate (as defined below) 
and any Alternative Adjust-
ment Spread (as defined be-
low). In such case, the Offered 
Interest Rate for the Interest 
Period following the Interest 
Determination Date and each 
subsequent Interest Period 
(unless a new Benchmark 
Event occurs thereafter) shall 
be the Alternative Offered In-
terest Rate, adjusted, if neces-
sary, by any Alternative Adjust-
ment Spread. The Issuer will in-
form the Calculation Agent at 
least 5 Business Days prior to 
such Interest Determination 
Date thereof and shall, in ac-
cordance with § 12 of these 
Terms and Conditions, notify 
the 
Alternative 
Offered 
  
(ii) 
Soweit ein Ersatz-Angebots-
zinssatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(2)(b)(i) 
nicht zur Verfügung steht, wird 
die Emittentin nach Konsulta-
tion mit dem Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen (wie nach-
stehend definiert) den Alterna-
tiv-Angebotszinssatz 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) und 
eine etwaige Alternativ-Anpas-
sungsspanne (wie nachstehend 
definiert) festlegen. In diesem 
Fall wird der Angebotszinssatz 
für die auf den Zinsfestlegungs-
tag folgende Zinsperiode und 
jede nachfolgende Zinsperiode 
(es sei denn, es tritt in der Folge 
ein neues Benchmark-Ereignis 
ein) der Alternativ-Angebots-
zinssatz, der gegebenenfalls 
durch eine etwaige Alternativ-
Anpassungsspanne angepasst 
wird, sein. Die Emittentin wird 
die Berechnungsstelle hierüber 
mindestens 5 Geschäftstage 
vor obenstehendem Zinsbe-
rechnungstag informieren und 
den 
Alternativ-

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
Interest Rate, any Alternative 
Adjustment Spread and the 
Adjustments (as defined be-
low) and all of these determi-
nations (as well as any amend-
ment of the Interest Determi-
nation Date if so determined) 
shall become binding on the Is-
suer and the Holders with ef-
fect from the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as from 
the effectiveness of such no-
tice. 
Angebotszinssatz, die etwaige 
Alternativ-Anpassungsspanne 
und die Anpassungen (wie 
nachstehend definiert) gemäß 
§ 12 dieser Emissionsbedin-
gungen 
bekanntgeben 
und 
diese (sowie eine etwaige 
Änderung 
des 
Zinsfestlegungstags, falls dies 
so bestimmt wird) werden mit 
Wirksamwerden 
der 
Bekanntmachung 
für 
die 
Emittentin und die Gläubiger 
mit 
Wirkung 
ab 
dem 
relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag 
verbindlich. 
(iii) 
If, by the [fifth] Business Day 
prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, neither a 
Replacement Offered Interest 
Rate has been identified pursu-
ant to § 3(2)(b)(i) nor an Alter-
native Offered Interest Rate 
has been determined pursuant 
to § 3(2)(b)(ii) above, the Of-
fered Interest Rate for the In-
terest Period following the rel-
evant Interest Determination 
Date shall be the Offered Inter-
est Rate for the immediately 
preceding Interest Period. If 
the Offered Interest Rate is ap-
plied 
pursuant 
to 
this 
§ 3(2)(b)(iii), § 3(2)(b) shall be 
applied again for the determi-
nation of the Offered Interest 
Rate for the next subsequent 
Interest Period. 
For the purposes of sentence 1 
of this § 3(2)(b)(iii) and deter-
mining whether, by the [fifth] 
Business Day prior to the rele-
vant Interest Determination 
Date, a Replacement Offered 
Interest Rate has been identi-
fied pursuant to § 3(2)(b)(i) or 
an Alternative Offered Interest 
 
(iii) 
Wenn bis zum [fünften] Ge-
schäftstag vor dem betreffen-
den Zinsfestlegungstag weder 
ein Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz ge-
mäß § 3(2)(b)(i) ermittelt noch 
ein 
Alternativ-Angebotszins-
satz entsprechend des vorsteh-
endenden § 3(2)(b)(ii) festge-
legt wurde, ist der Angebots-
zinssatz für die auf den relevan-
ten 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
fol-
gende Zinsperiode der für die 
unmittelbar 
vorangehende 
Zinsperiode bestimmte Ange-
botszinssatz. Falls der Ange-
botszinssatz gemäß diesem 
§ 3(2)(b)(iii) zur Anwendung 
kommt, wird für die Bestim-
mung des Angebotszinssatzes 
für die nächste folgende Zins-
periode § 3(2)(b) erneut ange-
wendet.  
Für die Zwecke von Satz 1 die-
ses § 3(2)(b)(iii) und die Be-
stimmung ob bis zum [fünften] 
Geschäftstag vor dem betref-
fenden Zinsfestlegungstag ein 
Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz 
ge-
mäß § 3(2)(b)(i) ermittelt oder 
ein 
Alternativ-Angebotszins-
satz 
gemäß 
§ 3(2)(b)(ii)

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
Rate has been determined pur-
suant to § 3(2)(b)(ii), it will be 
irrelevant whether the respec-
tive notices in accordance with 
§ 12 of these Terms and Condi-
tions have already been given 
or not. 
festgelegt wurde, kommt es 
nicht darauf an, ob die diesbe-
züglichen Bekanntmachungen 
gemäß § 12 dieser Emissions-
bedingungen bereits erfolgt 
sind oder nicht. 
(iv) 
Certain definitions.  
 
(iv) 
Bestimmte 
Begriffsbes-
timmungen 
Benchmark Event means with 
respect to the Offered Interest 
Rate one of the following 
events: 
 
Benchmark-Ereignis bezeich-
net in Bezug auf den Angebots-
zinssatz eines der nachfolgen-
den Ereignisse: 
(aa) 
the 
Offered 
Interest 
Rate has not been pub-
lished on the Screen 
Page during the last ten 
Business Days prior to 
and including the rele-
vant Interest Determi-
nation Date; or 
(aa) 
der 
Angebotszinssatz 
wurde in den letzten 
zehn 
Geschäftstagen 
vor dem und bis ein-
schließlich zum relevan-
ten Zinsfestlegungstag 
nicht auf der Bildschirm-
seite 
veröffentlicht; 
oder 
(bb) 
the occurrence of the 
date, as publicly an-
nounced by, or, as the 
case may be, determina-
ble based upon the pub-
lic announcement by, 
the administrator of the 
Offered Interest Rate, 
the regulatory supervi-
sor responsible for the 
administrator 
or 
the 
central bank responsible 
for the Specified Cur-
rency that the adminis-
trator of the Offered In-
terest Rate has sus-
pended or will suspend 
permanently or indefi-
nitely the Offered Inter-
est Rate, its calculation 
and/or publication (if at 
the time of such an-
nouncement 
no 
(bb) 
der Eintritt des durch 
den Administrator des 
Angebotszinssatzes, die 
für den Administrator 
zuständige Aufsichtsbe-
hörde oder die für die 
festgelegte 
Währung 
zuständige Zentralbank 
öffentlich bekannt ge-
gebenen Tages bzw. des 
auf Grundlage der öf-
fentlichen Bekanntma-
chung 
bestimmbaren 
Tages, dass der Admi-
nistrator des Angebots-
zinssatzes den Ange-
botszinssatz, seine Be-
rechnung 
und/oder 
seine Veröffentlichung 
dauerhaft oder auf un-
bestimmte Zeit einge-
stellt hat oder einstellen 
wird 
(wenn 
zum

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
successor administrator 
has been appointed that 
will continue the calcu-
lation and/or publica-
tion of the Offered In-
terest Rate); or 
Zeitpunkt 
dieser 
Be-
kanntmachung 
kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
ernannt worden ist, der 
die 
Berechnung 
und/oder 
Veröffentli-
chung des Angebots-
zinssatzes 
fortsetzen 
wird); oder 
(cc) 
the occurrence of the 
date, as publicly an-
nounced by, or, as the 
case may be, determina-
ble based upon the pub-
lic announcement by, 
the administrator of the 
Offered Interest Rate, 
the regulatory supervi-
sor responsible for the 
administrator 
or 
the 
central bank responsible 
for the Specified Cur-
rency that there will be 
a material change in the 
methodology of deter-
mining the Offered In-
terest Rate; or 
(cc) 
der Eintritt des durch 
den Administrator des 
Angebotszinssatzes, die 
für den Administrator 
zuständige Aufsichtsbe-
hörde oder die für die 
festgelegte 
Währung 
zuständige Zentralbank 
öffentlich bekannt ge-
gebenen Tages bzw. des 
auf Grundlage der öf-
fentlichen Bekanntma-
chung 
bestimmbaren 
Tages, von dem an eine 
wesentliche Änderung 
der Methode zur Festle-
gung des Angebotszins-
satzes wirksam wird; 
oder 
(dd) 
the occurrence of the 
date, as publicly an-
nounced by, or, as the 
case may be, determina-
ble based upon the pub-
lic announcement by 
the administrator of the 
Offered Interest Rate, 
by the regulatory super-
visor responsible for the 
administrator or by the 
central bank responsible 
for the Specified Cur-
rency that the use of the 
Offered Interest Rate is 
generally prohibited; or 
(dd) 
der Eintritt des durch 
den Administrator des 
Angebotszinssatzes, die 
für den Administrator 
zuständige Aufsichtsbe-
hörde oder die für die 
festgelegte 
Währung 
zuständige Zentralbank 
öffentlich bekannt ge-
gebenen Tages bzw. des 
auf Grundlage der öf-
fentlichen Bekanntma-
chung 
bestimmbaren 
Tages, von dem an die 
Nutzung des Angebots-
zinssatzes 
allgemein 
verboten ist; oder

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
(ee) 
the publication by the 
Issuer of a notice pursu-
ant to § 12 of these 
Terms and Conditions 
that the use of the Of-
fered Interest Rate to 
calculate the Interest 
Rate has become unlaw-
ful for the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent. 
(ee) 
die Veröffentlichung ei-
ner Mitteilung durch die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 
dieser Emissionsbedin-
gungen dass die Ver-
wendung des Angebots-
zinssatzes zur Berech-
nung des Zinssatzes für 
die Emittentin, die Be-
rechnungsstelle 
oder 
eine Zahlstelle rechts-
widrig geworden ist. 
Replacement Offered Interest Rate 
means a successor or replacement of 
the Offered Interest Rate officially rec-
ommended by the Nominating Body 
(as defined below). 
Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz 
bezeichnet 
einen Nachfolger oder Ersatz des An-
gebotszinssatzes, der offiziell durch 
die Nominierungsstelle (wie nachste-
hend definiert) empfohlen wurde. 
Adjustment Spread means the differ-
ence (positive or negative) or the re-
sult of the application of a formula or 
methodology to determine such dif-
ference that is recommended by the 
Nominating Body in connection with 
the replacement of the Offered Inter-
est Rate by the Replacement Offered 
Interest Rate. 
Anpassungsspanne bezeichnet die 
Differenz (positiv oder negativ) oder 
das Ergebnis der Anwendung einer 
Formel oder Methode zur Bestim-
mung einer solchen Differenz, die im 
Zusammenhang mit der Ersetzung des 
Angebotszinssatzes durch den Ersatz-
Angebotszinssatz von der Nominie-
rungsstelle empfohlen wird. 
Adjustments means the amendments 
to the Terms and Conditions (i) in the 
case of a Replacement Offered Inter-
est Rate, as determined by the Issuer 
after consultation with the Calculation 
Agent, and (ii) in the case of an Alter-
native Offered Interest Rate, as deter-
mined by the Issuer after consultation 
with the Independent Advisor, being 
necessary to ensure the proper appli-
cation of the Replacement Offered In-
terest Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread or the proper application of 
the Alternative Offered Interest Rate 
and 
the 
Alternative 
Adjustment 
Spread. The Adjustments may extend 
to, inter alia, provisions relating to the 
applicable Business Day Convention, 
the definitions of the terms "Screen 
Page", "Business Day", "Interest Pay-
ment Date", "Interest Period", "Day 
Anpassungen bezeichnet die Ände-
rungen hinsichtlich der Emissionsbe-
dingungen, die (i) im Falle eines Er-
satz-Angebotszinssatzes nach Fest-
stellung der Emittentin in Abstim-
mung mit der Berechnungsstelle und 
(ii) im Falle eines Alternativ-Angebots-
zinssatzes nach Feststellung durch die 
Emittentin nach Konsultation mit dem 
Unabhängigen Sachverständigen not-
wendig sind, um die ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung des Ersatz-Angebotszins-
satzes und der Anpassungsspanne 
oder die ordnungsgemäße Anwen-
dung des Alternativ-Angebotszinssat-
zes und der Alternativ-Anpassungs-
spanne zu gewährleisten. Die Anpas-
sungen können u.a. Regelungen be-
züglich der anwendbaren Geschäfts-
tag-Konvention, der Definitionen der 
Begriffe 
"Bildschirmseite",

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
Count Fraction" and/or "Interest De-
termination Date" (including the de-
termination of whether the Offered In-
terest Rate is determined on a forward 
looking or backward looking basis) and 
any methodology or definition for ob-
taining or calculating the Replacement 
Offered Interest Rate or the Alterna-
tive Offered Interest Rate. 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Zinszahlungstag", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient" 
und/oder "Zinsfestlegungstag" (ein-
schließlich der Festlegung ob der An-
gebotszinssatz vorwärts- oder rück-
wärtsgerichtet bestimmt wird) sowie 
jeder Methode oder Definition, um 
den Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz oder den 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz zu erhal-
ten oder zu berechnen, umfassen. 
Nominating Body means (1) the cen-
tral bank for the currency in which the 
Offered Interest Rate is presented or a 
central bank or other regulatory su-
pervisor responsible for the supervi-
sion of the administrator of the Of-
fered Interest Rate; or (2) any working 
group or committee assisted, co-
chaired or endorsed by (a) the central 
bank for the currency in which the Of-
fered Interest Rate is denominated, 
(b) any central bank or other regula-
tory supervisor responsible for the su-
pervision of the administrator of the 
Offered Interest Rate, (c) any group of 
the aforementioned central banks or 
other 
regulatory 
supervisors, 
or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof.  
Nominierungsstelle bezeichnet (1) die 
Zentralbank für die Währung in der 
der Angebotszinssatz dargestellt wird 
oder eine Zentralbank oder andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht 
des Administrators des Angebotszins-
satzes zuständig ist; oder (2) jede Ar-
beitsgruppe oder jeden Ausschuss, 
die/der von (a) der Zentralbank für die 
Währung in der der Angebotszinssatz 
dargestellt wird, (b) einer Zentralbank 
oder anderen Aufsichtsbehörde, die 
für die Aufsicht des Administrators des 
Angebotszinssatzes 
zuständig 
ist, 
(c) einer Gruppe der zuvor genannten 
Zentralbanken oder anderer Auf-
sichtsbehörden oder (d) dem Finanz-
stabilitätsrat 
(Financial 
Stability 
Board) oder Teilen davon unterstützt, 
(mit)geleitet oder befürwortet wird 
Independent Advisor means an inde-
pendent financial institution of inter-
national reputation or another inde-
pendent financial advisor with experi-
ence in international capital markets, 
in each case appointed by the Issuer. 
The Issuer shall employ reasonable ef-
forts to effect the appointment of an 
Independent Advisor on commercially 
reasonable terms; if no such appoint-
ment is possible, the function of the 
Independent Advisor under these con-
ditions shall be omitted. 
Unabhängiger Sachverständiger be-
zeichnet ein von der Emittentin für die 
Wahrnehmung der ihr nach diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen zugewiesenen 
Funktionen ernanntes unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut mit internationalem An-
sehen oder einen anderen unabhängi-
gen Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in in-
ternationalen 
Kapitalmärkten. 
Die 
Emittentin ist zu ihr zumutbaren Be-
mühungen verpflichtet, um die Beauf-
tragung eines Unabhängigen Sachver-
ständigen zu wirtschaftlich angemes-
senen Bedingungen zu bewirken; ist 
dies nicht möglich, entfällt die Funk-
tion 
des 
Unabhängigen

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Sachverständigen nach Maßgabe die-
ser Emissionsbedingungen.  
Alternative Offered Interest Rate 
means a publicly available alternative 
offered interest rate quotation that is 
intended to allow financial instru-
ments or contracts, such as, but not 
limited to, debt securities, to use such 
alternative offered interest rate quo-
tation for determining floating rates of 
interest (or related interest compo-
nents) in the Specified Currency. 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz bezeich-
net einen öffentlich verfügbaren alter-
nativen Angebotszinssatz, der dafür 
vorgesehen ist, dass Finanzinstru-
mente oder -verträge, wie u.a. in Form 
von Schuldverschreibungen, diesen 
bei der Bestimmung von variablen 
Zinssätzen (oder dazugehörigen Zins-
komponenten) in der festgelegten 
Währung verwenden können. 
Alternative 
Adjustment 
Spread 
means the difference (which may be 
positive or negative) or the result of 
the application of a formula or meth-
odology for calculating such a differ-
ence to be applied to the Alternative 
Offered Interest Rate as determined 
by the Issuer after consultation with 
the Independent Advisor, to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
possible, any shift in the economic 
value between the Issuer and the 
Holders which would arise without 
such adjustment as a result of the re-
placement of the Offered Interest Rate 
by the Alternative Offered Interest 
Rate (including, but not limited to, that 
the Alternative Offered Interest Rate is 
a risk-free rate). 
Alternativ-Anpassungsspanne 
be-
zeichnet die Differenz (positiv oder ne-
gativ) oder das Ergebnis der Anwen-
dung einer Formel oder Methode zur 
Bestimmung einer solchen Differenz, 
die nach Festlegung durch die Emit-
tentin nach Konsultation mit dem Un-
abhängigen Sachverständigen auf den 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz anzuwen-
den ist, um eine Verlagerung des wirt-
schaftlichen Wertes zwischen der 
Emittentin und den Gläubigern, die 
ohne diese Anpassung infolge der Er-
setzung des Angebotszinssatzes durch 
den Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz ent-
stehen würde (einschließlich, aber 
ohne hierauf begrenzt zu sein, infolge-
dessen, dass der Alternativ-Angebots-
zinssatz eine risikofreie Rate ist), so-
weit sinnvollerweise möglich, zu redu-
zieren oder auszuschließen. 
Offered Interest Rate means the of-
fered quotation specified in the Final 
Terms and, following the occurrence 
of a Benchmark Event, the relevant 
Replacement Offered Interest Rate or, 
as applicable, the relevant Alternative 
Offered Interest Rate or, as applicable, 
the Offered Interest Rate for the im-
mediately preceding Interest Period, 
as determined at the relevant time in 
accordance with this § 3(2)(b).] 
Angebotszinssatz bezeichnet den in 
den Endgültigen Bedingungen festge-
legten Angebotssatz bzw., nach Ein-
tritt eines Benchmark-Ereignisses, den 
betreffenden Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz 
oder, falls anwendbar, den betreffen-
den Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz oder, 
falls anwendbar, den Angebotszins-
satz für die unmittelbar vorangehende 
Zinsperiode, wie zur jeweiligen Zeit 
nach Maßgabe dieses § 3(2)(b) be-
stimmt.]

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in 
the Specified Currency is €STR, the following 
applies: 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung €STR ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(a) 
The rate of interest (the Rate of Inter-
est) for each Interest Period (as de-
fined below) will, except as provided 
below or in § 3(2)(b)-(d) [in case of 
Minimum Rate of Interest or Maxi-
mum Rate of Interest the following 
applies: or § 3(3)], be the [in case of 
the reference rate Compounded Daily 
€STR, the following applies: Com-
pounded Daily €STR] [in case of the 
reference rate Compounded €STR In-
dex, the following applies: Com-
pounded €STR Index] (as defined be-
low) determined on the Interest De-
termination Date (as defined below) 
[in case of a Margin the following ap-
plies: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as de-
fined below)], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in 
§ 6(1)). 
(a) 
Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) ist, sofern nachstehend oder in 
§ 3(2)(b)-(d) [im Fall eines Mindest-
zinssatzes oder Höchstzinssatzes ist 
folgendes anwendbar: oder § 3(3)] 
nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
der an dem betreffenden Zinsfestle-
gungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
festgestellte [falls der Referenzsatz 
Compounded Daily €STR ist, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: Compounded 
Daily €STR] [falls der Referenzssatz 
Compounded €STR Index ist, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: Compounded 
€STR Index] (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) [im Fall einer Marge, ist folgen-
des anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüg-
lich] der Marge (wie nachstehend de-
finiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in 
§ 6(1) definiert) erfolgen. 
Interest Period means each period 
from (and including) the Interest Com-
mencement Date to (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and 
from each Interest Payment Date to 
(but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment 
Date.
 
Interest Determination Date means in 
respect of any Interest Period the 
[number] TARGET2-Business Day prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for the 
relevant Interest Period (or the date 
falling [number] TARGET2-Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due and 
payable). For that purpose, TARGET2-
Business Day or TBD means a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which the Trans-European Automated 
Zinsperiode bezeichnet jeweils den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zins-
zahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) 
bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zins-
zahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet in Be-
zug auf eine Zinsperiode den [Anzahl] 
TARGET2-Geschäftstag vor dem Zins-
zahlungstag für die jeweilige Zinsperi-
ode (oder, falls die Schuldverschrei-
bungen bereits früher fällig werden, 
[Anzahl] TARGET2-Geschäftstage vor 
diesem früheren Tag). Dabei bezeich-
net TARGET2-Geschäftstag oder TGT 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem das Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross settle-
ment 
Express 
Transfer 
system 
(TARGET2) betriebsbereit ist.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Real-time Gross settlement Express 
Transfer system (TARGET2) is open. 
[In case of a Margin, the following ap-
plies: Margin means [insert relevant 
Margin]% per annum.] 
[Im Fall einer Marge ist folgendes an-
wendbar: Die Marge beträgt [ent-
sprechende Marge einfügen]% per 
annum.] 
Website means the website of the Eu-
ropean Central Bank or any successor 
website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank or any succes-
sor administrator, as the case may be, 
on which the €STR (as defined below) 
is published. 
Internetseite bezeichnet die Internet-
seite der Europäischen Zentralbank 
oder eine von der Europäischen Zent-
ralbank bzw. einem Nachfolge-Admi-
nistrator offiziell benannten Nach-
folge-Internetseite auf der der €STR 
(wie nachstehend definiert) veröffent-
licht wird 
[In the case of the reference rate Com-
pounded Daily €STR, the following is 
applicable: 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Compounded 
Daily €STR ist, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: 
Compounded Daily €STR means in re-
spect of any Interest Period the com-
pound rate of return on an overnight 
deposit (with the daily Euro Short-
Term Rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be cal-
culated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, pursuant to the following for-
mula, rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
Compounded Daily €STR bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den 
nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berech-
nenden Renditesatz einer Tagesgeld-
anlage (mit der täglichen Euro Short-
Term Rate als Referenzsatz für die 
Zinsberechnung) und wird von der Be-
rechnungsstelle am jeweiligen Zins-
festlegungstag gemäß der folgenden 
Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich 
auf- oder abgerundet auf die fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufge-
rundet wird: 
𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷
𝑖
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 
 
𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐺𝑇
𝑖
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Determination Period; 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalender-
tage in der jeweiligen Feststellungspe-
riode;  
d0 means the number of TARGET2-
Business Days in the relevant Determi-
nation Period; 
d0 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
TARGET2-Geschäftstage in der jeweili-
gen Feststellungsperiode;

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
€STR Reference Rate means in respect 
of any TARGET2-Business Day (TBDx) a 
reference rate equal to the daily Euro 
short term rate (€STR) for such TBDx as 
published by the administrator of €STR 
at or around 8:00 a.m. (Central Euro-
pean Time) on the Website on the 
TARGET2-Business Day immediately 
following such TBDx; 
€STR Referenzsatz bezeichnet in Be-
zug auf einen TARGET2-Geschäftstag 
(TGTx) einen Referenzsatz in Höhe des 
täglichen Euro Short Term Rate (€STR) 
Satzes für den betreffenden TGTx, der 
vom Administrator des €STR um ca. 
8.00 Uhr (Mitteleuropäische Zeit) am 
TARGET2-Geschäftstag 
unmittelbar 
nach dem TGTx auf der Internetseite 
veröffentlicht wird;  
€STRi-pTBD means in respect of any 
TARGET2-Business Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Determination Period the 
€STR Reference Rate for [in the case of 
Lag method the following applies: the 
TARGET2-Business Day falling "p" 
TARGET2-Business Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET2-Business Day "i"] [in 
the case of Shift method the following 
applies: that TARGET2-Business Day 
"i"]; 
€STRi-pTGT 
bezeichnet 
für 
jeden 
TARGET2-Geschäftstag "i" in der je-
weiligen 
Feststellungsperiode 
den 
€STR Referenzsatz [im Fall der Lag 
Methode ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
an dem TARGET2-Geschäftstag, der 
"p" TARGET2-Geschäftstage vor dem 
jeweiligen TARGET2-Geschäftstag "i" 
liegt,] [im Fall der Shift Methode ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: am TARGET2-
Geschäftstag "i"]; 
Determination Period means [in the 
case of Shift method the following ap-
plies: Observation Period] [in the case 
of Lag method the following applies: 
Interest Period]; 
Feststellungsperiode bezeichnet [im 
Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Beobachtungszeitraum] 
[im Fall der Lag Methode ist Folgen-
des anwendbar: Zinsperiode]; 
i means a series of whole numbers 
from one to "d0", each representing 
the relevant TARGET2-Business Day in 
chronological order from, and includ-
ing, the first TARGET2-Business Day in 
the relevant Determination Period; 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen 
Zahlen von eins bis "do", die in chrono-
logischer 
Folge 
jeweils 
einen 
TARGET2-Geschäftstag vom, und ein-
schließlich des, ersten TARGET2-
Geschäftstages der jeweiligen Fest-
stellungsperiode wiedergeben; 
ni for any TARGET2-Business Day "i" 
means the number of calendar days 
from and including such day "i" up to 
but excluding the following TARGET2-
Business Day; and 
ni an jedem TARGET2-Geschäftstag "i" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalender-
tage von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) 
bis zu dem folgenden TARGET2-
Geschäftstag (ausschließlich); und

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
p means [five] [] TARGET2-Business 
Days2. 
p bezeichnet [five] [] TARGET2-
Geschäftstage.3. 
[In the case of Shift method the fol-
lowing applies: Observation Period 
means in respect of any Interest Pe-
riod the period from and including the 
date falling "p" TARGET2-Business 
Days prior to the first day of the rele-
vant Interest Period and ending on, 
but excluding, the date falling "p" 
TARGET2-Business Day prior to the In-
terest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" 
TARGET2-Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable).]] 
[Im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgen-
des anwendbar: Beobachtungszeit-
raum bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine 
Zinsperiode den Zeitraum von dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), 
welcher 
"p" 
TARGET2-Geschäftstage vor dem ers-
ten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), 
welcher "p" TARGET2-Geschäftstage 
vor dem Zinszahlungstag einer sol-
chen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, 
der "p" TARGET2-Geschäftstage vor 
einem solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls 
vorhanden), an dem die Schuldver-
schreibungen fällig und zahlbar wer-
den).]] 
[In the case of the Reference Rate 
Compounded €STR Index, the follow-
ing applies: 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Compounded 
€STR Index ist, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: 
Compounded €STR Index means in re-
spect of any Interest Period the com-
pound rate of return on an overnight 
deposit (with the daily Euro Short-
Term Rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be cal-
culated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, pursuant to the following for-
mula, rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
Compounded €STR Index bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den 
nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berech-
nenden Renditesatz einer Tagesgeld-
anlage (mit der täglichen Euro Short-
Term Rate als Referenzsatz für die 
Zinsberechnung) und wird von der Be-
rechnungsstelle am jeweiligen Zins-
festlegungstag gemäß der folgenden 
Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich 
auf- oder abgerundet auf die fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufge-
rundet wird: 
𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
 
 
𝐸𝑛𝑑𝑒
𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
 
Where: 
Dabei bezeichnet:  
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalender-
tage 
von 
€STR 
IndexStart 
 
2  Shall not be less than five TARGET2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
3  Darf nicht weniger als fünf TARGET2-Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
d means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, €STR IndexStart to, 
but excluding, €STR IndexEnd; 
(einschließlich) bis €STR IndexEnde 
(ausschließlich); 
€STR IndexEnd means the €STR Com-
pounded Index Value on the day which 
is [ﬁve] [●] TARGET2-Business Days4 
preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Period 
(or if the Notes are redeemed early, 
the date falling [ﬁve] [●] TARGET2-
Business Day5 prior to the date fixed 
for redemption) (the Index Determi-
nation DateEnd); 
€STR IndexEnde bezeichnet den €STR 
Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, 
der 
[fünf] 
[●] 
TARGET2-
Geschäftstage6 vor dem Zinszahlungs-
tag für die relevante Zinsperiode liegt 
(oder, im Falle einer vorzeitigen Rück-
zahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, 
den Tag, der [fünf] [●] TARGET2-
Geschaftstage7 vor dem festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag liegt) (der Index-
FeststellungstagEnde); 
€STR IndexStart means the €STR Com-
pounded Index Value on the day which 
is [ﬁve] [●] TARGET2-Business Days8 
preceding the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period (an Index Determina-
tion DateStart and, together with the 
Index Determination DateEnd, each an 
Index Determination Date); und 
€STR IndexStart bezeichnet den €STR 
Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, 
der 
[fünf] 
[●] 
TARGET2-
Geschaftstage9 vor dem ersten Tag 
der relevanten Zinsperiode liegt (der 
Index-FeststellungstagStart, und zu-
sammen mit dem Index-Feststellungs-
tagEnde, jeweils ein Index-Feststel-
lungstag); und 
€STR 
Compounded 
Index 
Value 
means in respect of an Index Determi-
nation Date the value published as 
€STR Compounded Index Value by the 
administrator of the €STR Reference 
Rate at 9:15 a.m. (Central European 
Time) on such Index Determination 
Date. 
€STR Compounded Indexwert be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf einen Index-
Feststellungstag den Wert, der als 
€STR Compounded Indexwert vom 
Administrator des €STR Referenzsat-
zes (wie nachstehend definiert) um 
9:15 Uhr (Mitteleuropäische Zeit) an 
einem solchen Index-Feststellungstag 
veröffentlicht wird. 
If, in respect of any Index Determina-
tion Date, the Calculation Agent deter-
mines that the €STR Compounded In-
dex Value is not available or has not 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug 
auf einen Index-Feststellungstag fest-
stellt, dass der €STR Compounded In-
dexwert nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht 
 
4  
Shall not be less than five TARGET2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
5  
Shall not be less than five TARGET2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
6  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf TARGET2 Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Rückschauzeitraum zugestimmt. 
7  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf TARGET2 Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Rückschauzeitraum zugestimmt. 
8  
Shall not be less than five TARGET2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
9  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf TARGET2 Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
otherwise been published or displayed 
by the administrator of the €STR Ref-
erence Rate or by another information 
vendor, as the case may be, the Com-
pounded €STR Index for such Interest 
Period will be calculated by the Calcu-
lation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to the 
following formula, rounded if neces-
sary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
auf andere Art und Weise vom Admi-
nistrator des €STR Referenzsatzes 
bzw. von einem anderen Finanzinfor-
mationsserver veröffentlicht oder an-
gezeigt wird, wird der Compounded 
€STR Index für eine solche Zinsperiode 
von der Berechnungsstelle am Zins-
festlegungstag nach der folgenden 
Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich 
auf- oder abgerundet auf die fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufge-
rundet wird: 
𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷
𝑖
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 
 
𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐺𝑇
𝑖
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalender-
tage im jeweiligen Beobachtungszeit-
raum; 
d0 means the number of TARGET2-
Business Days in the relevant Observa-
tion Period; 
d0 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
TARGET2-Geschäftstage im jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum; 
€STRi-pTBD means in respect of any 
TARGET2-Business Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the €STR 
Reference Rate for that TARGET2-
Business Day "i"; 
€STRi-pTGT 
bezeichnet 
für 
jeden 
TARGET2-Geschäftstag "i" im jeweili-
gen Beobachtungszeitraum den €STR 
Referenzsatz 
am 
TARGET2-
Geschäftstag "i"; 
€STR Reference Rate means in respect 
of any TARGET2-Business Day (TBDx) a 
reference rate equal to the daily Euro 
short term rate (€STR) for such TBDx as 
published by the administrator of €STR 
at or around 8:00 a.m. (Central Euro-
pean Time) on the Website on the 
TARGET2-Business Day immediately 
following such TBDx; 
€STR Referenzsatz bezeichnet in Be-
zug auf einen TARGET2-Geschäftstag 
(TGTx) einen Referenzsatz in Höhe des 
täglichen Euro Short Term Rate (€STR) 
Satzes für den betreffenden TGTx, der 
vom Administrator des €STR um ca. 
8.00 Uhr (Mitteleuropäische Zeit) am 
TARGET2-Geschäftstag 
unmittelbar 
nach dem TGTx auf der Internetseite 
veröffentlicht wird; 
i means a series of whole numbers 
from one to "d0", each representing 
the relevant TARGET2-Business Day in 
chronological order from, and includ-
ing, the first TARGET2-Business Day in 
the relevant Observation Period; 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen 
Zahlen von eins bis "d0", die in chrono-
logischer 
Folge 
jeweils 
einen 
TARGET2-Geschäftstag vom, und ein-
schließlich des, ersten TARGET2-

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
Geschäftstages des jeweiligen Be-
obachtungszeitraums wiedergeben; 
ni for any TARGET2-Business Day "i" 
means the number of calendar days 
from and including such day "i" up to 
but excluding the following TARGET2-
Business Day; and 
ni an jedem TARGET2-Geschäftstag "i" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalender-
tage von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) 
bis zu dem folgenden TARGET2-
Geschäftstag (ausschließlich); und 
p means [number of TARGET2-
Business Days]10. 
p 
bezeichnet 
[Anzahl 
TARGET2-
Geschäftstage]11. 
Observation Period means in respect 
of any Interest Period the period from 
and including the date falling "p" 
TARGET2-Business Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and ending on, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" TARGET2-Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date fall-
ing "p" TARGET2-Business Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable).] 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den Zeit-
raum von dem Tag (einschließlich), 
welcher "p" TARGET2-Geschäftstage 
vor dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (aus-
schließlich), welcher "p" TARGET2-
Geschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungs-
tag einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt 
(oder den Tag, der "p" TARGET2-
Geschäftstage vor einem solchen 
früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), 
an dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
(b) 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not made 
available on a TARGET2-Business Day 
as described in subparagraph (a) 
above and unless both an €STR Index 
Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have oc-
curred, the €STR Reference Rate for 
such TARGET2-Business Day shall be 
equal to the €STR in respect of the last 
TARGET2-Business Day for which such 
rate was published on the Website. 
(b) 
Wird der €STR Referenzsatz an einem 
TARGET2-Geschäftstag nicht wie vor-
stehend in Buchstabe (a) beschrieben 
zur Verfügung gestellt, so ist der €STR-
Referenzzinssatz für diesen TARGET2-
Geschäftstag gleich dem €STR für den 
letzten TARGET2-Geschäftstag, für 
den dieser Zinssatz auf der Internet-
seite veröffentlicht wurde, sofern 
nicht 
sowohl 
ein 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein €STR-
Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetre-
ten sind. 
(c) 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not made 
available on a TARGET2-Business Day 
as described in subparagraph (a) 
above and both an €STR Index 
(c) 
Wird der €STR-Referenzsatz an einem 
TARGET2-Geschäftstag nicht wie vor-
stehend in Buchstabe (a) beschrieben 
zur Verfügung gestellt und sind 
 
10  Shall not be less than five TARGET2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
11  Darf nicht weniger als fünf TARGET2 Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have oc-
curred, the Rate of Interest shall be de-
termined by reference to the rate (in-
cluding any interest rate spreads or in-
terest 
rate 
adjustments) 
recom-
mended as a substitute for the €STR by 
the European Central Bank or by a 
committee officially established or 
convened by the European Central 
Bank for the purpose of recommend-
ing a substitute for the €STR (as such 
substitute for the €STR may be deter-
mined by the European Central Bank 
or any other administrator appointed 
therefor). 
sowohl 
ein 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein €STR-
Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetre-
ten, so wird der Zinssatz durch Bezug-
nahme auf den Zinssatz (einschließlich 
etwaiger Zinsspannen oder Zinsanpas-
sungen) bestimmt, der von der Euro-
päischen Zentralbank oder von einem 
Ausschuss, der von der Europäischen 
Zentralbank zum Zwecke der Empfeh-
lung eines Ersatzes für den €STR offizi-
ell eingesetzt oder einberufen wurde, 
als Ersatz für den €STR empfohlen 
wurde (wobei dieser Ersatz für den 
€STR von der Europäischen Zentral-
bank oder einem anderen damit be-
auftragten Administrator bestimmt 
werden kann). 
(d) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest 
shall be (i) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination 
Date or (ii) if there is no such preced-
ing Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to such Notes for 
the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in du-
ration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
(d) 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht ge-
mäß den vorstehenden Bestimmun-
gen von der Berechnungsstelle be-
stimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz 
(i) derjenige des letzten vorangegan-
genen Zinsfestlegungstages sein oder, 
(ii) wenn es keinen solchen vorange-
gangenen Zinsfestlegungstag gibt, der 
Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche 
Schuldverschreibungen für die erste 
Zinsperiode 
anwendbar 
gewesen 
wäre, wären die Schuldverschreibun-
gen für einen Zeitraum von gleicher 
Dauer wie die erste Zinsperiode bis 
zum Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließ-
lich) begeben worden. 
(e) 
For purposes of subparagraphs (b) 
through (d) above, the following defi-
nitions apply: 
(e) 
Für die Zwecke der vorstehenden 
Buchstaben (b) bis (d) gelten die fol-
genden Definitionen: 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the 
occurrence of one or more of the fol-
lowing events: 
€STR-Index-Einstellungsereignis be-
zeichnet den Eintritt eines oder meh-
rerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) 
a public statement by the Euro-
pean Central Bank (or any suc-
cessor administrator of €STR) 
announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide €STR 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank 
(oder eines Nachfolgeadminist-
rators des €STR), in der sie an-
kündigt, dass sie den €STR

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publica-
tion, there is no successor ad-
ministrator that will provide 
€STR; or 
dauerhaft oder auf unbe-
stimmte Zeit nicht mehr be-
stimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeit-
punkt der Erklärung oder Ver-
öffentlichung 
kein 
Nachfol-
geadministrator existiert, der 
weiterhin einen €STR zur Ver-
fügung stellt; oder 
(ii) 
the publication of information 
which reasonably confirms that 
the European Central Bank (or 
any successor administrator of 
€STR) has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, 
at that time, there is no succes-
sor administrator that will con-
tinue to provide €STR. 
(ii) 
die Veröffentlichung von Infor-
mationen, durch welche hinrei-
chend bestätigt wird, dass die 
Europäische Zentralbank (oder 
ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
des €STR) den €STR dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
nicht mehr bestimmt oder be-
stimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, 
dass zu dieser Zeit kein Nach-
folgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der weiterhin einen €STR zur 
Verfügung stellt. 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
means in respect of a €STR Index Ces-
sation Event the date on which the Eu-
ropean Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) ceases to pub-
lish €STR, or the date of which €STR 
may no longer be used.] 
€STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf ein €STR-Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab 
dem die Europäische Zentralbank 
(oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator des 
€STR) den €STR nicht mehr veröffent-
licht oder bestimmt.] 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in 
the Specified Currency is SOFR, the following 
applies: 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung SOFR ist, ist folgen-
des anwendbar: 
(a) 
The rate of interest (the Rate of Inter-
est) for each Interest Period (as de-
fined below) will, except as provided 
below or in § 3(2)(b)-(f) [in case of 
Minimum Rate of Interest or Maxi-
mum Rate of Interest the following 
applies: or § 3(3)], be the [in case of 
the reference rate Compounded Daily 
SOFR, the following applies: Com-
pounded Daily SOFR] [in case of the 
reference rate Compounded SOFR In-
dex, the following applies: Com-
pounded SOFR Index] (as defined 
(a) 
Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) ist, sofern nachstehend oder in 
§ 3(2)(b)-(f) [im Fall eines Mindest-
zinssatzes oder Höchstzinssatzes ist 
folgendes anwendbar: oder § 3(3)] 
nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
der an dem betreffenden Zinsfestle-
gungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
festgestellte [falls der Referenzsatz 
Compounded Daily SOFR ist, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: Compounded 
Daily SOFR] [falls der Referenzssatz

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
below) determined on the Interest De-
termination Date (as defined below) 
[in case of a Margin the following ap-
plies: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as de-
fined below)], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in 
§ 6(1)). 
Compounded SOFR Index ist, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: Compounded 
SOFR Index] (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) [im Fall einer Marge, ist folgen-
des anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüg-
lich] der Marge (wie nachstehend de-
finiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie in 
§ 6(1)definiert) erfolgen. 
Interest Period means each period 
from (and including) the Interest Com-
mencement Date to (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and 
from each Interest Payment Date to 
(but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
Zinsperiode bezeichnet jeweils den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zins-
zahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) 
bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zins-
zahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
Interest Determination Date means in 
respect of any Interest Period the 
[number] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Pay-
ment Date for the relevant Interest Pe-
riod (or the date falling [number] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and pay-
able). For that purpose, U.S. Govern-
ment Securities Business Day or USBD 
means any day, except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securi-
ties Industry and Financial Markets As-
sociation recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members 
be closed for the entire day for pur-
poses of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet in Be-
zug auf eine Zinsperiode den [Anzahl] 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag vor 
dem Zinszahlungstag für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode (oder, falls die Schuldver-
schreibungen bereits früher fällig wer-
den, [Anzahl] US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstage vor diesem früheren Tag). 
Dabei bezeichnet US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag oder USGT jeden Tag, 
ausgenommen Samstag, Sonntag oder 
einen Tag, für den die Securities In-
dustry and Financial Markets Associa-
tion die ganztägliche Schließung der 
Abteilungen für festverzinsliche Wert-
papiere ihrer Mitglieder im Hinblick 
auf den Handel mit US-Staatspapieren 
empfiehlt. 
[In case of a Margin, the following ap-
plies: Margin means [insert relevant 
Margin]% per annum.] 
[Im Fall einer Marge ist folgendes an-
wendbar: Die Marge beträgt [entspre-
chende Marge einfügen]% per an-
num.] 
Website means the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or 
any successor website officially desig-
nated by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New 
York 
or 
any 
successor 
Internetseite bezeichnet die Internet-
seite der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York oder eine von der Federal Re-
serve Bank of New York bzw. einem 
Nachfolge-Administrator offiziell be-
nannten Nachfolge-Internetseite auf

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
administrator, as the case may be, on 
which the SOFR (as defined below) is 
published. 
der der SOFR (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) veröffentlicht wird. 
[In the case of the reference rate Com-
pounded Daily SOFR, the following is 
applicable: 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Compounded 
Daily SOFR ist, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: 
Compounded Daily SOFR means in re-
spect of any Interest Period the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest in-
vestment (with the daily US Dollar 
Overnight Financing Rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Deter-
mination Date, pursuant to the follow-
ing formula, rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
Compounded Daily SOFR bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den 
nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berech-
nenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit 
der US-Dollar Overnight Financing 
Rate als Referenzsatz für die Zinsbe-
rechnung) und wird von der Berech-
nungsstelle am jeweiligen Zinsfestle-
gungstag gemäß der folgenden Formel 
berechnet, falls erforderlich auf- oder 
abgerundet auf die fünfte Dezimal-
stelle, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet 
wird: 
𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷
𝑖
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 
 
𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐺𝑇
𝑖
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Determination Period; 
Dabei bezeichnet:  
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalender-
tage in der jeweiligen Feststellungspe-
riode;  
d0 means the number of U.S. Govern-
ment Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Determination Period; 
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage in der 
jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode; 
Determination Period means [in the 
case of Shift method the following ap-
plies: Observation Period] [in the case 
of Lag method the following applies: 
Interest Period]; 
Feststellungsperiode bezeichnet [im 
Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Beobachtungszeitraum] 
[im Fall der Lag Methode ist Folgen-
des anwendbar: Zinsperiode]; 
i means a series of whole numbers 
from one to "d0", each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securi-
ties Business Day Business Day in 
chronological order from, and includ-
ing, the first U.S. Government Securi-
ties Business Day in the relevant De-
termination Period; 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen 
Zahlen von eins bis "d0", die in chrono-
logischer Folge jeweils einen US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag vom, und 
einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstages der je-
weiligen Feststellungsperiode wieder-
geben;

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" means the number of 
calendar days from and including such 
day "i" up to but excluding the follow-
ing U.S. Government Securities Busi-
ness Day; 
ni an jedem US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstag "i" bezeichnet die Anzahl 
der Kalendertage von dem Tag "i" (ein-
schließlich) bis zu dem folgenden US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
(aus-
schließlich); 
p means [number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]12; and 
p 
bezeichnet 
[Anzahl 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage]13; und
SOFRi-pUSBD means in respect of any 
U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" falling in the relevant Determi-
nation Period the SOFR Reference 
Rate for [in the case of Lag method 
the following applies: the U.S. Gov-
ernment Securities Business Day fall-
ing "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"] [in the case of Shift method 
the following applies: that U.S. Gov-
ernment Securities Business Day "i"]; 
SOFRi-pUSGT bezeichnet für jeden US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i" in der 
jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode den 
SOFR Referenzsatz [im Fall der Lag 
Methode ist Folgendes anwendbar: 
an dem US-Staatsanleihen Geschäfts-
tag, der "p" US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstage vor dem jeweiligen US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i" liegt] 
[im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgen-
des 
anwendbar: 
am 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i"]; 
SOFR Reference Rate means in respect 
of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (USBDx) a reference rate 
equal to the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (SOFR) for such USBDx 
as published by the administrator, 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, of 
SOFR until at or around 8:00 a.m. (New 
York City time) on the Website on the 
U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day 
immediately 
following 
such 
USBDx; and 
SOFR Referenzsatz bezeichnet für je-
den US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag 
(USGTx), einen Referenzsatz, der dem 
täglichen Satz der Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (SOFR) Satzes für den 
USGTx entspricht, wie er auf der Inter-
netseite bis ca. 8:00 Uhr (New York 
Zeit) an dem US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstag, der unmittelbar auf den 
USGTx folgt, veröffentlicht wird und 
[In the case of Shift method the fol-
lowing applies: Observation Period 
means in respect of any Interest Pe-
riod the period from and including the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Secu-
rities Business Day prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and 
[Im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgen-
des anwendbar: Beobachtungszeit-
raum bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine 
Zinsperiode den Zeitraum von dem 
Tag (einschließlich), welcher "p" US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor dem 
ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
 
12  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter 
period. 
13  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem 
kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
ending on, but excluding, the date fall-
ing "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the Interest Pay-
ment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable).]] 
liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), 
welcher "p" US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder 
den Tag, der "p" US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage vor einem solchen 
früheren Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), 
an dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
fällig und zahlbar werden).]] 
[In the case of the Reference Rate 
Compounded SOFR Index, the follow-
ing applies: 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Compounded 
SOFR Index, ist folgendes anwendbar:
Compounded SOFR Index means in re-
spect of any Interest Period the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest in-
vestment (with the daily US Dollar 
overnight Financing Rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Deter-
mination Date, pursuant to the follow-
ing formula, rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
Compounded SOFR Index bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den 
nach der Zinseszinsformel zu berech-
nenden Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit 
der täglichen US-Dollar Overnight Fi-
nancing Rate als Referenzsatz für die 
Zinsberechnung) und wird von der Be-
rechnungsstelle am jeweiligen Zins-
festlegungstag gemäß der folgenden 
Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich 
auf- oder abgerundet auf die fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 aufge-
rundet wird: 
𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
 
 
𝐸𝑛𝑑𝑒
𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, SOFR IndexStart to, 
but excluding, SOFR IndexEnd; 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalender-
tage von SOFR IndexStart (einschließ-
lich) bis SOFR IndexEnde (ausschließ-
lich); 
SOFR IndexEnd means the SOFR Com-
pounded Index Value on the day which 
is [ﬁve] [●] U.S. Government Securifies 
Business Days14 preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to the relevant 
Interest Period (or if the Notes are re-
deemed early, the date falling [five] 
[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securifies 
SOFR IndexEnde bezeichnet den SOFR 
Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, 
der [fünf] [●] US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstage16 vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
für die relevante Zinsperiode liegt 
(oder, im Falle einer vorzeitigen Rück-
zahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, 
den 
Tag, 
der 
[fünf] 
[●] 
US-
 
14  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter 
period. 
16  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem 
kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
Business15 prior to the date fixed for 
redemption) (the Index Determina-
tion DateEnd); 
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage17 vor 
dem festgelegten Rückzahlungstag 
liegt) (der Index-FeststellungstagEnde);
SOFR IndexStart means the SOFR Com-
pounded Index Value on the day which 
is [ﬁve] [●] U.S. Government Securifies 
Business Days18 preceding the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period (an In-
dex Determination DateStart and, to-
gether with the Index Determination 
DateEnd, each an Index Determina-
tion Date); and 
SOFR IndexStart bezeichnet den SOFR 
Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, 
der [fünf] [●] US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstage19 vor dem ersten Tag der 
relevanten Zinsperiode liegt (der In-
dex-FeststellungstagStart, und zusam-
men mit dem Index-Feststellungsta-
gEnde, jeweils ein Index-Feststellungs-
tag); und 
SOFR 
Compounded 
Index 
Value 
means in respect of an Index Determi-
nation Date the value published as 
SOFR Compounded Index Value by the 
administrator of the SOFR Reference 
Rate or by another information vendor 
from time to time at [3:00 p.m.] [●] 
(New York City time) on such Index De-
termination Date. 
SOFR Compounded Indexwert be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf einen Index-
Feststellungstag den Wert, der als 
SOFR Compounded Indexwert vom 
Administrator des SOFR Referenzsat-
zes oder von einem anderen Finanzin-
formationsserver jeweils um [15:00 
Uhr] [●] (New Yorker Zeit) an einem 
solchen Index-Feststellungstag veröf-
fentlicht wird. 
If, in respect of any Index Determina-
tion Date, the Calculation Agent deter-
mines that the SOFR Compounded In-
dex Value is not available or has not 
otherwise been published or displayed 
by the administrator of the SOFR Ref-
erence Rate or by another information 
vendor, as the case may be, the Com-
pounded SOFR Index for such Interest 
Period will be calculated by the Calcu-
lation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to the 
following 
formula, 
rounded 
if 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug 
auf einen Index-Feststellungstag fest-
stellt, dass der SOFR Compounded In-
dexwert nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht 
auf andere Art und Weise vom Admi-
nistrator des SOFR Referenzsatzes 
bzw. von einem anderen Finanzinfor-
mationsserver veröffentlicht oder an-
zeigt wird, wird der Compounded 
SOFR Index für eine solche Zinsperi-
ode von der Berechnungsstelle am 
Zinsfestlegungstag nach der folgen-
den Formel berechnet, falls erforder-
lich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
 
15  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter 
period. 
17  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem 
kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt. 
18  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter 
period. 
19  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem 
kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded up-
wards: 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷
𝑖
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 
 
𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐺𝑇
𝑖
𝑑0
𝑖=1
 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalender-
tage im jeweiligen Beobachtungszeit-
raum; 
d0 means the number of U.S. Govern-
ment Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage im je-
weiligen Beobachtungszeitraum; 
i means a series of whole numbers 
from one to "d0", each representing 
the relevant U.S. Government Securi-
ties Business Day in chronological or-
der from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen 
Zahlen von eins bis "d0", die in chrono-
logischer Folge jeweils einen US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag vom, und 
einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstages des je-
weiligen Beobachtungszeitraums wie-
dergeben; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" means the number of 
calendar days from and including such 
day "i" up to but excluding the follow-
ing U.S. Government Securities Busi-
ness Day; 
ni 
bezeichnet 
an 
jedem 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i" die 
Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag 
"i" (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgen-
den US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich);  
p means [number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]20;  
p 
bezeichnet 
[Anzahl 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag]21; und 
SOFRi-pUSBD means in respect of any 
U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" falling in the relevant Observa-
tion Period the SOFR Reference Rate 
for that U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i"; 
SOFRi-pUSGT bezeichnet für jeden US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i" im je-
weiligen Beobachtungszeitraum den 
SOFR 
Referenzsatz 
am 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i"; 
SOFR Reference Rate means in respect 
of any U.S. Government Securities 
SOFR Referenzsatz bezeichnet für je-
den US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag 
 
20  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter 
period. 
21  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem 
kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
Business Day (USBDx) a reference rate 
equal to the daily Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (SOFR) for such USBDx 
as published by the administrator of 
SOFR until 8:00 a.m. ( Central Euro-
pean Time) on the Website on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such USBDx; 
and 
(USGTx), einen Referenzsatz, der dem 
täglichen Satz der Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (SOFR) Satzes für den 
USGTx entspricht, wie er auf der Inter-
netseite jeweils bis 8:00 Uhr mitteleu-
ropäische 
Zeit) 
an 
dem 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag, der un-
mittelbar auf den USGTx folgt, veröf-
fentlicht wird; und 
Observation Period means in respect 
of any Interest Period the period from 
and including the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant In-
terest Period and ending on, but ex-
cluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Gov-
ernment Securities Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date fall-
ing "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes be-
come due and payable).] 
Beobachtungszeitraum bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den Zeit-
raum von dem Tag (einschließlich), 
welcher "p" US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der je-
weiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem 
Tag (ausschließlich), welcher "p" US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor dem 
Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinspe-
riode liegt (oder den Tag, der "p" US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor ei-
nem solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls 
vorhanden), an dem die Schuldver-
schreibungen fällig und zahlbar wer-
den).] 
(b) 
If the SOFR Reference Rate is not made 
available on a U.S. Government Secu-
rities Business Day as described in sub-
paragraph (a) above and unless both a 
SOFR Index Cessation Event and a 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred, the SOFR Reference 
Rate for such U.S. Government Securi-
ties Business Day shall be equal to the 
SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Gov-
ernment Securities Business Day for 
which such rate was published on the 
Website. 
(b) 
Wird der SOFR Referenzsatz an einem 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag nicht 
wie vorstehend in Buchstabe (a) be-
schrieben zur Verfügung gestellt, so ist 
der SOFR-Referenzzinssatz für diesen 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag gleich 
dem SOFR für den letzten US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag, für den 
dieser Zinssatz auf der Internetseite 
veröffentlicht wurde, sofern nicht so-
wohl 
ein 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein SOFR-
Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetre-
ten sind. 
(c) 
If the SOFR Reference Rate is not made 
available on a U.S. Government Secu-
rities Business Day as described in sub-
paragraph (a) above and both a SOFR 
Index Cessation Event and a SOFR In-
dex Cessation Effective Date have oc-
curred, the Rate of Interest shall be de-
termined by reference to the rate 
(c) 
Wird der SOFR-Referenzsatz an einem 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag nicht 
wie vorstehend in Buchstabe (a) be-
schrieben zur Verfügung gestellt und 
sind 
sowohl 
ein 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein SOFR-
Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetre-
ten, so wird der Zinssatz durch

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
(including any interest rate spreads or 
interest rate adjustments) recom-
mended as a substitute for the SOFR 
by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
or by a committee officially estab-
lished or convened by the Federal Re-
serve Board and/or the Federal Re-
serve Bank of New York for the pur-
pose of recommending a substitute 
for the SOFR (as such substitute for the 
SOFR may be determined by the Fed-
eral Reserve Bank of New York or any 
other administrator appointed there-
for). 
Bezugnahme auf den Zinssatz (ein-
schließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen oder 
Zinsanpassungen) bestimmt, der vom 
Federal Reserve Board und/oder von 
der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
oder von einem Ausschuss, der vom 
Federal Reserve Board und/oder von 
der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
zum Zwecke der Empfehlung eines Er-
satzes für den SOFR offiziell eingesetzt 
oder einberufen wurde, als Ersatz für 
den SOFR empfohlen wurde (wobei 
dieser Ersatz für den SOFR von der Fe-
deral Reserve Bank of New York oder 
einem anderen damit beauftragten 
Administrator 
bestimmt 
werden 
kann). 
(d) 
If no such rate has been recom-
mended as described in paragraph (c) 
above within one U.S. Government Se-
curities Business Day of the SOFR In-
dex Cessation Event, then the Rate of 
Interest will be determined by apply-
ing the above provisions mutatis mu-
tandis as if for each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day occurring on 
or after the SOFR Index Cessation Ef-
fective Date: 
(d) 
Falls ein solcher Zinssatz nicht wie in 
vorstehendem Buchstaben (c) be-
schrieben 
innerhalb 
eines 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstages nach 
dem SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis 
empfohlen wurde, wird der Zinssatz 
analog den vorstehenden Bestimmun-
gen bestimmt, mit der Maßgabe, dass 
für 
jeden 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Ge-
schäftstag an oder nach dem SOFR-
Index- Einstellungsstichtag: 
(i) 
references to "SOFR" were ref-
erences to the daily Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate (OBFR) as 
provided by the Federal Re-
serve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or 
any successor administrator of 
such rate), on its website until 
5:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on each day (other than a Sat-
urday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for 
general 
business 
(including 
dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) 
in New York City (New York City 
Business Day) in respect of the 
New York City Business Day 
(i) 
Bezugnahmen auf den "SOFR" 
als Bezugnahmen auf die tägli-
che Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate (OBFR) gelten, die von der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York als Administrator dieses 
Zinssatzes (oder von einem 
Nachfolgeadministrator dieses 
Zinssatzes) auf seiner Internet-
seite jeweils bis 17:00 Uhr Orts-
zeit in New York City an jedem 
Tag (außer einem Samstag 
oder Sonntag), an dem die Ge-
schäftsbanken in New York City 
für den allgemeinen Geschäfts-
verkehr (einschließlich für den 
Handel mit Devisen und Einla-
gen in Fremdwährung) geöff-
net 
sind 
(New 
Yorker

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
immediately preceding such 
day (OBFR Reference Rate); 
Geschäftstag), in Bezug auf den 
diesem Tag unmittelbar voran-
gehenden New Yorker Ge-
schäftstag zur Verfügung ge-
stellt 
wird 
(OBFR-
Referenzzinssatz); 
(ii) 
references to "U.S. Govern-
ment Securities Business Day" 
were references to "New York 
City Business Day"; 
(ii) 
Bezugnahmen auf einen "US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag" 
als Bezugnahmen auf einen 
"New Yorker Geschäftstag" gel-
ten; 
(iii) 
references to "SOFR Index Ces-
sation Event" were references 
to 
"OBFR 
Index 
Cessation 
Event"; and 
(iii) 
Bezugnahmen auf ein "SOFR-
Index- Einstellungsereignis" als 
Bezugnahmen auf ein "OBFR-
Index-Einstellungsereignis" 
gelten; und 
(iv) 
references to "SOFR Index Ces-
sation Effective Date" were ref-
erences to "OBFR Index Cessa-
tion Effective Date". 
(iv) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
einen 
"SOFR-Index- Einstellungsstich-
tag" als Bezugnahmen auf ei-
nen 
"OBFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag" gelten. 
(v) 
references to the "Website" 
were references to the website 
of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor 
website officially designated by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor ad-
ministrator, as the case may be, 
on which the OBFR is published
(v) 
Bezugnahmen auf die "Inter-
netseite" als Bezugnahmen auf 
die Internetseite der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York oder 
eine von der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York bzw. einem 
Nachfolge-Administrator offizi-
ell benannten Nachfolge-Inter-
netseite auf der der OBFR ver-
öffentlicht wird, gelten. 
(e) 
If no such rate has been recom-
mended as described in paragraph (c) 
above within one U.S. Government Se-
curities Business Day of the SOFR In-
dex Cessation Event and an OBFR In-
dex Cessation Event has occurred, 
then the Rate of Interest will be deter-
mined by applying the above provi-
sions mutatis mutandis as if, for each 
U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day occurring on or after the later of 
the SOFR Index Cessation Effective 
(e) 
Falls ein solcher Zinssatz nicht wie in 
obigem Buchstaben (c) beschrieben 
innerhalb eines US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstages nach dem SOFR- Index-
Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde 
und 
ein 
OBFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis eingetreten ist, 
wird der Zinssatz analog den vorste-
henden Bestimmungen bestimmt, mit 
der Maßgabe, dass für jeden US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag an oder 
nach 
dem 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag oder dem OBFR-

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
Date and the OBFR Index Cessation Ef-
fective Date: 
Index-Einstellungsstichtag (je nach-
dem, welches der spätere Termin ist):
(i) 
references to the "SOFR Refer-
ence Rate" were references to 
the short-term interest rate 
target set by the Federal Open 
Market Committee and pub-
lished on the website of the 
Board of Governors of the Fed-
eral Reserve System or any suc-
cessor website of the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Re-
serve System or, if the Federal 
Open Market Committee does 
not target a single rate, the 
mid-point of the short-term in-
terest rate target range set by 
the Federal Open Market Com-
mittee and published on the 
website of the Board of Gover-
nors of the Federal Reserve Sys-
tem or any successor website 
of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System 
(calculated as the arithmetic 
average of the upper bound of 
the target range and the lower 
bound of the target range, 
rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest second decimal place, 
0.005 being rounded upwards);
(i) 
Bezugnahmen auf den "SOFR-
Referenzsatz" als Bezugnah-
men auf das durch das Federal 
Open Market Committee fest-
gesetzte und auf der Internet-
seite des Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System 
oder einer Nachfolge-Internet-
seite des Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System 
veröffentlichte 
kurzfristige 
Zinssatzziel (short-term inte-
rest rate target) oder, falls das 
Federal Open Market Commit-
tee nicht einen einzelnen Zins-
satz als Ziel setzt, das Mittel der 
vom Federal Open Market 
Committee festgesetzten und 
auf der Internetseite des Board 
of Governors of the Federal Re-
serve System oder einer Nach-
folge-Internetseite des Board 
of Governors of the Federal Re-
serve System veröffentlichten 
Bandbreite des kurzfristigen 
Zinssatzziels 
(berechnet 
als 
arithmetisches Mittel zwischen 
der oberen Grenze der Ziel-
Bandbreite und der unteren 
Grenze der Ziel-Bandbreite, 
welches, falls erforderlich, auf 
die zweite Dezimalstelle mit 
der Maßgabe gerundet wird, 
dass 0,005 aufgerundet wird) 
gelten; 
(ii) 
references to "U.S. Govern-
ment Securities Business Day" 
were references to the website 
of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System or 
any successor website of the 
Board of Governors of the Fed-
eral Reserve System; and 
(ii) 
Bezugnahmen auf einen "US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag" 
als Bezugnahmen auf einen 
"New Yorker Geschäftstag" gel-
ten; und

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
(iii) 
references to the "Website" 
were references to the website 
of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System or 
any successor website officially 
designated by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Re-
serve System or any successor 
administrator, as the case may 
be, on which the short-term in-
terest rate target is published. 
(iii) 
Bezugnahmen auf die "Inter-
netseite" als Bezugnahmen auf 
die Internetseite des Board of 
Governors of the Federal Re-
serve System oder eine von 
dem Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System bzw. 
einem Nachfolge-Administra-
tor offiziell benannten Nach-
folge-Internetseite auf der das 
kurzfristige Zinssatzziel veröf-
fentlicht wird, gelten. 
(f) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest 
shall be (i) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination 
Date or (ii) if there is no such preced-
ing Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to such Notes for 
the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in du-
ration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
(f) 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht ge-
mäß den vorstehenden Bestimmun-
gen von der Berechnungsstelle be-
stimmt werden kann, soll der Zinssatz 
(i) derjenige des letzten vorangegan-
genen Zinsfestlegungstages sein oder, 
(ii) wenn es keinen solchen vorange-
gangenen Zinsfestlegungstag gibt, der 
Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche 
Schuldverschreibungen für die erste 
Zinsperiode 
anwendbar 
gewesen 
wäre, wären die Schuldverschreibun-
gen für einen Zeitraum von gleicher 
Dauer wie die erste Zinsperiode bis 
zum Verzinsungsbeginn (ausschließ-
lich) begeben worden.  
(g) 
For purposes of subparagraphs (b) 
through (f) above, the following defini-
tions shall apply: 
(g) 
Für die Zwecke der vorstehenden 
Buchstaben (b) bis (f) gelten die fol-
genden Definitionen: 
SOFR Index Cessation Event means 
the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis be-
zeichnet den Eintritt eines oder meh-
rerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) 
a public statement by the Fed-
eral Reserve Bank of New York 
(or any successor administrator 
of SOFR) announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide 
SOFR permanently or indefi-
nitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no succes-
sor administrator that will con-
tinue to provide SOFR; or 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (oder eines Nachfolgead-
ministrators des SOFR), in der 
sie ankündigt, dass sie den 
SOFR dauerhaft oder auf unbe-
stimmte Zeit nicht mehr be-
stimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeit-
punkt der Erklärung oder Ver-
öffentlichung 
kein

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
exis-
tiert, der weiterhin einen SOFR 
zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(ii) 
the publication of information 
which reasonably confirms that 
the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any successor ad-
ministrator of SOFR) has ceased 
or will cease to provide SOFR 
permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor adminis-
trator that will continue to pro-
vide SOFR; or 
(ii) 
die Veröffentlichung von Infor-
mationen, durch welche hinrei-
chend bestätigt wird, dass die 
Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (oder ein Nachfolgeadmi-
nistrator des SOFR) den SOFR 
dauerhaft oder auf unbe-
stimmte Zeit nicht mehr be-
stimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser 
Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministra-
tor existiert, der weiterhin ei-
nen SOFR zur Verfügung stellt; 
oder 
(iii) 
a public statement by a U.S. 
regulator or other U.S. official 
sector entity prohibiting the 
use of SOFR that applies to, but 
need not be limited to, all swap 
transactions, including existing 
swap transactions. 
(iii) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung einer 
US- Regulierungsbehörde oder 
einer 
anderen 
öffentlichen 
Stelle der Vereinigten Staaten, 
welche die Anwendung des 
SOFR verbietet und die zumin-
dest auf sämtliche Swapge-
schäfte (einschließlich beste-
hender Swapgeschäfte) An-
wendung findet. 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
means in respect of a SOFR Index Ces-
sation Event the date on which the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
any successor administrator of SOFR), 
ceases to publish SOFR, or the date as 
of which SOFR may no longer be used.
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf ein SOFR-Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab 
dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator 
des SOFR) den SOFR nicht mehr veröf-
fentlicht, oder den Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
der SOFR nicht mehr verwendet wer-
den darf. 
OBFR Index Cessation Event means 
the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
OBFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis be-
zeichnet den Eintritt eines oder meh-
rerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) 
a public statement by the Fed-
eral Reserve Bank of New York 
(or any successor administrator 
of OBFR) announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide 
OBFR 
permanently 
or 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (oder eines Nachfolgead-
ministrators des OBFR), in der 
sie ankündigt, dass sie den 
OBFR 
dauerhaft 
oder 
auf

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or 
the publication, there is no suc-
cessor administrator that will 
continue to provide OBFR; or 
unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr 
bestimmt 
oder 
bestimmen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zum 
Zeitpunkt der Erklärung oder 
Veröffentlichung kein Nachfol-
geadministrator existiert, der 
weiterhin einen OBFR zur Ver-
fügung stellt; oder 
(ii) 
the publication of information 
which reasonably confirms that 
the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any successor ad-
ministrator 
of 
OBFR) 
has 
ceased or will cease to provide 
OBFR permanently or indefi-
nitely, provided that, at that 
time, there is no successor ad-
ministrator that will continue 
to provide OBFR; or 
(ii) 
die Veröffentlichung von Infor-
mationen, durch welche hinrei-
chend bestätigt wird, dass die 
Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (oder ein Nachfolgeadmi-
nistrator des OBFR) den OBFR 
dauerhaft oder auf unbe-
stimmte Zeit nicht mehr be-
stimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser 
Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministra-
tor existiert, der weiterhin ei-
nen OBFR zur Verfügung stellt; 
oder 
(iii) 
a public statement by a U.S. 
regulator or other U.S. official 
sector entity prohibiting the 
use of OBFR that applies to, but 
need not be limited to, all swap 
transactions, including existing 
swap transactions. 
(iii) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
durch eine US- Regulierungsbe-
hörde oder eine andere öffent-
liche Stelle der Vereinigten 
Staaten, welche die Anwen-
dung des OBFR verbietet und 
die zumindest auf sämtliche 
Swapgeschäfte (einschließlich 
bestehender 
Swapgeschäfte) 
Anwendung findet. 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
means in respect of a OBFR Index Ces-
sation Event the date on which the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or 
any successor administrator of OBFR), 
ceases to publish OBFR, or the date as 
of which OBFR may no longer be 
used.] 
OBFR-Index Einstellungsstichtag be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf ein OBFR-Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab 
dem die Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator 
des OBFR) den OBFR nicht mehr veröf-
fentlicht, oder den Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
der OBFR nicht mehr verwendet wer-
den darf.] 
[In case of a Minimum Rate of Interest the 
following applies: 
(3) 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
 
[Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes ist folgen-
des anwendbar: 
(3) 
Mindestzinssatz.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Inter-
est Period determined in accordance with the 
above provisions is less than [Minimum Rate 
of Interest], the Rate of Interest for such In-
terest Period shall be [Minimum Rate of In-
terest].] 
 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen 
für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz nied-
riger ist als [Mindestzinssatz], so ist der Zins-
satz für diese Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz].]
[In case of a Maximum Rate of Interest the 
following applies: 
[Im Fall eines Höchstzinssatzes ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3)  
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
 
(3)  
Höchstzinssatz. 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Inter-
est Period determined in accordance with the 
above provisions is greater than [Maximum 
Rate of Interest], the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be [Maximum Rate of In-
terest].] 
 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen 
für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher 
ist als [Höchstzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für 
diese Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz].] 
(4) 
[Interest Amount.] 
 
(4) 
[Zinsbetrag.] 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest and calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Notes in respect of each Specified Denomina-
tion for the relevant Interest Period. Each In-
terest Amount shall be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Frac-
tion (as defined below) to each Specified De-
nomination and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, 
with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards.
 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmög-
lichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der Zins-
satz zu bestimmen ist, den Zinssatz bestim-
men und den auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf jede Fest-
gelegte Stückelung (der Zinsbetrag) für die 
entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. Der 
Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz 
und der Zinstagequotient (wie nachfolgend 
definiert) auf jede Festgelegte Stückelung an-
gewendet werden, wobei der resultierende 
Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der Festgeleg-
ten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wo-
bei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet wer-
den. 
(5) 
[Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount.] 
 
(5) 
[Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag.] 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest, each Interest Amount for each Inter-
est Period, each Interest Period and the rele-
vant Interest Payment Date to be notified as 
soon as possible after their determination to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor and to the Hold-
ers in accordance with § 12 and if required by 
the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are from time to time listed, to such 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass 
der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode und 
der betreffende Zinszahlungstag baldmög-
lichst nach deren Bestimmung der Emittentin 
und der Garantiegeberin sowie den Gläubi-
gern gemäß § 12 sowie jeder Börse, an der 
die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
stock exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination. Each Interest Amount and In-
terest Payment Date so notified may subse-
quently be amended (or appropriate alterna-
tive arrangements made by way of adjust-
ment) without notice in the event of an ex-
tension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be promptly noti-
fied to any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are then listed and to the Holders in ac-
cordance with § 12. 
Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlan-
gen, mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlän-
gerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode kön-
nen der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszah-
lungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich 
geändert (oder andere geeignete Anpas-
sungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede 
solche Änderung wird umgehend allen Bör-
sen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind, sowie den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 12 mitgeteilt. 
(6) 
[Determinations Binding.] 
 
(6) 
[Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen.] 
All certificates, communications, opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained 
for the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 
by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Holders. 
 
Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gutach-
ten, Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotie-
rungen und Entscheidungen, die von der Be-
rechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 ge-
macht, abgegeben, getroffen oder eingeholt 
werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtli-
cher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die 
Garantiegeberin, die Emissionsstelle, die 
Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend. 
(7) 
[Accrual of Interest.] 
 
(7) 
[Auflaufende Zinsen.] 
The Notes shall cease to bear interest from 
the expiry of the day preceding the day on 
which they are due for redemption. If the Is-
suer for any reason fails to redeem the Notes 
when due, interest shall continue to accrue at 
the default rate of interest established by 
statutory law22 on the outstanding aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes from (and in-
cluding) the due date to (but excluding) the 
day on which such redemption payment is 
made to the Holders. 
 
Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen en-
det mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag voran-
geht, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig wer-
den. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschrei-
bungen bei Fälligkeit aus irgendeinem Grund 
nicht zurückzahlt, wird der ausstehende Ge-
samtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
von dem Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis 
zum Tag der vollständigen Rückzahlung an 
die Gläubiger (ausschließlich) mit dem ge-
setzlich bestimmten Verzugszins23 verzinst. 
(8) 
[Day Count Fraction.] 
 
(8) 
[Zinstagequotient.] 
 
22  The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest pub-
lished by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code. 
23  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von 
Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Day Count Fraction means with regard to the 
calculation of the amount of interest on the 
Notes for any period of time (the Calculation 
Period): 
 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet im Hinblick auf 
die Berechnung von Zinsbeträgen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der Zinsberechnungszeitraum): 
[In case of Actual/365 or Actual/Actual 
(ISDA) the following applies: 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 oder Actual/Actual, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calcula-
tion Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365).] 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 (oder, 
falls ein Teil dieses Zinsberechnungszeitrau-
mes in ein Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) 
der tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das Schaltjahr 
fallenden Tage des Zinsberechnungszeitrau-
mes, dividiert durch 366, und (B) die tatsäch-
liche Anzahl der nicht in das Schaltjahr fallen-
den Tage des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, di-
vidiert durch 365).] 
[In the case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the follow-
ing applies: 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[In the case of Actual/360 the following ap-
plies: 
[Im Fall von Actual/360, ist folgendes an-
wendbar:  
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.] 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
§ 4 
(PAYMENTS) 
 
§ 4 
(ZAHLUNGEN) 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Payment of Interest.  
(1) 
Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zahlung von Zin-
sen. 
(a) 
Payment of principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be made, subject to sub-
paragraph (2) below, to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account hold-
ers of the Clearing System. 
 
(a) 
Zahlungen von Kapital auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen erfolgen nach Maß-
gabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clea-
ringsystems. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest on the Notes shall 
be made, subject to subparagraph (2), 
to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the 
 
(b) 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf die Schuld-
verschreibungen erfolgt nach Maß-
gabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
relevant account holders of the Clear-
ing System. 
der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clea-
ringsystems. 
[In the case of interest payable on a Tempo-
rary Global Note, the following applies: Pay-
ment of interest on Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note shall be made, sub-
ject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing Sys-
tem or to its order for credit to the accounts 
of the relevant account holders of the Clear-
ing System, upon due certification as pro-
vided in § 1(3)(b).] 
 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine Vorläu-
fige Globalurkunde ist folgendes anwend-
bar: Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldver-
schreibungen, die durch die Vorläufige Glo-
balurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maß-
gabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gut-
schrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Konto-
inhaber des Clearingsystems, und zwar nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung 
gemäß 
§ 1(3)(b).] 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due in re-
spect of the Notes shall be made in the Spec-
ified Currency. 
 
Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und 
sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vor-
schriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen in der Festgeleg-
ten Währung. 
(3) 
Discharge. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllung. 
The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guar-
antor shall be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
Die Emittentin bzw. die Garantiegeberin wird 
durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing-
system oder dessen Order von ihrer Zah-
lungspflicht befreit. 
(4) 
Payment Business Day. 
 
(4) 
Zahltag. 
If the date for payment of any amount in re-
spect of any Note is not a Payment Business 
Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next such day in the rele-
vant place and shall not be entitled to further 
interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. 
 
Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, 
der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächs-
ten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der 
Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen 
oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Ver-
spätung zu verlangen. 
For these purposes, Payment Business Day 
means any day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which the Clearing System is op-
erational 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet Zahltag einen 
Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem das Clearingsystem betriebsbereit ist, 
[In the case the Notes are not denominated 
in Euro the following applies: and on which 
 
[Im Fall von nicht auf Euro lautenden Schuld-
verschreibungen, ist folgendes anwendbar:

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
commercial banks and foreign exchange mar-
kets settle payments in [relevant financial 
center(s)][.]] 
und an dem Geschäftsbanken und Devisen-
märkte Zahlungen in [relevante(s) Finanz-
zentrum(en)] abwickeln[.]] 
[In the case the Notes are denominated in 
Euro the following applies: as well as all rele-
vant parts of TARGET2 are operational to for-
ward the relevant payment]. 
 
[Im Fall von auf Euro lautenden Schuldver-
schreibungen ist folgendes anwendbar: so-
wie alle betroffenen Bereiche des TARGET2 
betriebsbereit sind, um die betreffenden Zah-
lungen weiterzuleiten.] 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: [if the 
Notes are redeemable at the option of the Is-
suer for other than tax reasons or reasons of 
minimal outstanding principal amount, the 
following applies: the Call Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] [If the Notes are sub-
ject to Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer upon the occurrence of a Transaction 
Trigger Event the following applies: the 
Event Redemption Amount of the Notes] [if 
the Notes are redeemable at the option of 
the Holder other than for reason of a Change 
of Control the following applies: the Put Re-
demption Amount of the Notes;] and any pre-
mium and any other amounts which may be 
payable under or in respect of the Notes. Ref-
erences in these Terms and Conditions to in-
terest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable, any Additional 
Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingun-
gen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden 
Beträge ein: [falls die Emittentin das Wahl-
recht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen aus an-
deren als steuerlichen Gründen oder auf-
grund eines geringfügigen ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzah-
lungsbetrag (Call) der Schuldverschreibun-
gen;] [falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, 
die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei Ein-
tritt eines Transaktions-Ereignisses zurück-
zuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den Er-
eignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldver-
schreibungen;] [falls der Gläubiger ein Wahl-
recht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen, außer 
bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels, vorzei-
tig zu kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Auf-
schlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Be-
träge. Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbe-
dingungen auf Zinsen auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen sollen, soweit anwendbar, 
sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren Zusätzlichen 
Beträge einschließen. 
(6) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. 
 
(6) 
Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. 
The Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guar-
antor may deposit with the local court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt/Main principal or 
interest not claimed by Holders within twelve 
months after the Maturity Date, even though 
 
Die Emittentin bzw. die Garantiegeberin ist 
berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am 
Main Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterle-
gen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
such Holders may not be in default of ac-
ceptance of payment. If and to the extent that 
the deposit is effected and the right of with-
drawal is waived, the respective claims of 
such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die 
Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befin-
den. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, 
und auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet 
wird, erlöschen die diesbezüglichen Ansprü-
che der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
§ 5 
(REDEMPTION) 
 
§ 5 
(RÜCKZAHLUNG) 
(1) 
Final Redemption. 
 
(1) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in 
part or purchased and cancelled, the Notes 
shall be redeemed at their principal amount 
on the Interest Payment Date falling in [Re-
demption Month] (the Maturity Date). 
 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem 
Nennbetrag am in den [Rückzahlungsmonat] 
fallenden Zinszahlungstag (der Fälligkeits-
tag) zurückgezahlt. 
(2) 
Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
for Reasons of Taxation. 
 
(2) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emit-
tentin aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
If as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws, treaties, regulations or official 
position of any Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction 
(as defined in § 7 herein) or any political sub-
division or taxing authority thereto or therein 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay du-
ties of any kind, or any change in, or amend-
ment to, an official interpretation or applica-
tion of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change is effective on or after 
the date on which the series of Notes was is-
sued, the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, is required to pay Additional 
Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on the 
next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as 
defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation cannot 
be avoided by the use of reasonable 
measures available to the Issuer or the Guar-
antor, as the case may be, the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the op-
tion of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 
days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of re-
demption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in ac-
cordance with § 12 to the Holders, at their 
principal amount, together with interest (if 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insge-
samt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der 
Emittentin mit einer Kündigungsfrist von 
nicht mehr als 60 und nicht weniger als 30 Ta-
gen durch Erklärung gegenüber der Emissi-
onsstelle und Benachrichtigung gemäß § 12 
gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekün-
digt und zu ihrem Nennbetrag zuzüglich et-
waiger bis zum für die Rückzahlung festge-
setzten Tag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emit-
tentin oder die Garantiegeberin als Folge ei-
ner Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- 
oder 
Abgabengesetze, 
-abkommen, 
-vorschriften und offiziellen Verlautbarungen 
einer Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion (wie in § 
7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) oder deren 
politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuer-
behörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziel-
len Auslegung dieser Gesetze und Vorschrif-
ten (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Er-
gänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem 
die Serie von Schuldverschreibungen bege-
ben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zins-
zahlungstag (wie in § 3(1) definiert) zur Zah-
lung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(excluding). 
dieser Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet 
sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch 
das Ergreifen zumutbarer, der Emittentin 
oder der Garantiegeberin zur Verfügung ste-
hender Maßnahmen vermieden werden 
kann. 
However, no such notice of redemption may 
be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guar-
antor would be obligated to pay such Addi-
tional Amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts does not remain in ef-
fect. The date fixed for redemption must be 
an Interest Payment Date. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin oder 
die Garantiegeberin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
Zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zah-
lung auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann fäl-
lig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu 
dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erklärt 
wird, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Zu-
sätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
Der für die Rückzahlung festgelegte Termin 
muss ein Zinszahlungstag sein. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance 
with § 12. It shall be irrevocable, must specify 
the date fixed for redemption and must set 
forth a statement in summary form of the 
facts constituting the basis for the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung ist gemäß § 12 be-
kanntzumachen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin 
nennen und eine zusammenfassende Erklä-
rung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungs-
recht der Emittentin begründenden Umstän-
den darlegt. 
Before the publication of any notice of re-
demption pursuant to this subparagraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certif-
icate signed by a member of the managing 
board of the general partner of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a state-
ment of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to re-
deem have occurred, and an opinion of inde-
pendent legal counsel or tax advisers of rec-
ognized standing to the effect that the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, has or 
will become obliged to pay such Additional 
Amounts as a result of such change or amend-
ment. 
 
Vor Bekanntgabe einer Mitteilung über eine 
Rückzahlung gemäß diesen Bestimmungen 
hat die Emittentin der Emissionsstelle eine 
von einem Mitglied des Vorstands des Kom-
plementärs der Emittentin unterzeichnete 
Bescheinigung zukommen zu lassen, der zu-
folge die Emittentin berechtigt ist, eine ent-
sprechende Rückzahlung zu leisten, und in 
der nachvollziehbar dargelegt ist, dass die Be-
dingungen für das Recht der Emittentin zur 
Rückzahlung gemäß diesen Bestimmungen 
erfüllt sind; zusätzlich hat die Emittentin ein 
von unabhängigen und anerkannten Rechts- 
oder Steuerberatern erstelltes Gutachten 
vorzulegen, demzufolge die Emittentin oder 
die Garantiegeberin in Folge einer entspre-
chenden Änderung oder Ergänzung zur Zah-
lung Zusätzlicher Beträge verpflichtet ist oder 
sein wird.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Out-
standing Principal Amount, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei geringfügigem ausstehendem Nenn-
betrag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: 
(3) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
for Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal 
Amount. 
 
(3) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emit-
tentin bei geringfügigem ausstehendem 
Nennbetrag. 
If 80% or more in principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding have been redeemed 
or purchased by the Issuer or any Subsidiary 
of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA, the 
Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 
60 days' notice to the Holders redeem, at its 
option, the remaining Notes as a whole at 
their principal amount, together with interest 
(if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemp-
tion (excluding).] 
 
Wenn 80% oder mehr des Nennbetrags der 
dann ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin oder eine Tochtergesell-
schaft der Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA zurückgezahlt oder zurückerworben 
wurde, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, nach ih-
rer Wahl alle ausstehenden Schuldverschrei-
bungen mit einer Frist von mindestens 30 und 
höchstens 60 Tagen gegenüber den Gläubi-
gern zu kündigen und zum Nennbetrag zuzüg-
lich etwaiger bis zum Rückzahlungstag (aus-
schließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurück zu 
zahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Bench-
mark Event, the following applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereignisses 
vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
(4) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event. 
 
(4) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emit-
tentin bei Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereignis-
ses. 
If a Benchmark Event has occurred and it is 
not possible, in the Issuer's opinion, to deter-
mine a Replacement Offered Interest Rate in 
accordance with sub-clause § 3(2)(b)(i) or an 
Alternative Offered Interest Rate in accord-
ance with § 3(2)(b)(ii), the Issuer may, on not 
less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to 
the Holders, redeem, at its option, all of the 
Notes at their principal amount, together 
with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption (excluding).] 
 
Falls ein Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist 
und es nach Auffassung der Emittentin nicht 
möglich ist, einen Ersatz-Angebotssatz ge-
mäß § 3(2)(b)(i) oder einen Alternativ-Ange-
botssatz gemäß § 3(2)(b)(ii) zu bestimmen, ist 
die Emittentin berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt mit einer 
Frist von mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Ta-
gen gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen 
und zum Nennbetrag, nebst etwaiger bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufe-
ner Zinsen zurückzahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a €STR 
Index Cessation Event and €STR Index Cessation Ef-
fective Date, the following applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar:

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
[(4)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a €STR Index Cessa-
tion Event and €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date. 
 
[(4)]  Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emit-
tentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag. 
If a €STR Index Cessation Event and a €STR In-
dex Cessation Effective Date have occurred 
and the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
in accordance with § 3(2)(d), the Issuer may, 
on not less than 30 or more than 60 days' no-
tice to the Holders, redeem, at its option, all 
of the Notes at their principal amount, to-
gether with interest (if any) accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption (excluding).] 
 
Falls ein €STR-Index-Einstellungsereignis und 
ein €STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetre-
ten sind und der Zinssatz gemäß § 3 (2)(d) be-
stimmt werden soll, ist die Emittentin berech-
tigt, nach ihrer Wahl die Schuldverschreibun-
gen insgesamt mit einer Frist von mindestens 
30 und höchstens 60 Tagen gegenüber den 
Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum Nennbetrag 
nebst etwaiger bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurück-
zuzahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation Ef-
fective Date, the following applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar:  
[(4)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a SOFR Index Cessa-
tion Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date. 
 
[(4)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emit-
tentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag. 
If a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred 
and the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
in accordance with § 3(2)(f), the Issuer may, 
on not less than 30 or more than 60 days' no-
tice to the Holders, redeem, at its option, all 
of the Notes at their principal amount, to-
gether with interest (if any) accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption (excluding).] 
 
Falls ein SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis und 
ein SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetre-
ten sind und der Zinssatz gemäß § 3 (2)(f) be-
stimmt werden soll, ist die Emittentin berech-
tigt, nach ihrer Wahl die Schuldverschreibun-
gen insgesamt mit einer Frist von mindestens 
30 und höchstens 60 Tagen gegenüber den 
Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum Nennbetrag 
nebst etwaiger bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurück-
zuzahlen.] 
[If the Holders may request the repurchase of the 
Notes upon a Change of Control, the following ap-
plies:  
 
[Falls die Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontroll-
wechsels den Ankauf der Schuldverschreibungen 
verlangen können, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(5)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Hold-
ers upon a Change of Control. 
 
[(5)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläu-
biger bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels. 
Each Holder of the Notes, upon the occur-
rence of a Change of Control Triggering 
Event, will have the right (unless, prior to the 
 
Falls ein Kontrollwechselereignis stattfindet, 
hat jeder Gläubiger das Recht (soweit die 
Emittentin nicht bereits vor Abgabe der

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
giving of the Put Event Notice referred to be-
low, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with § 5(2), i.e. for taxa-
tion reasons) to require that the Issuer repur-
chases such Holder's Notes on the Optional 
Redemption Date at a purchase price in cash 
equal to 101% of the principal amount to-
gether with interest (if any) accrued to the 
Optional Redemption Date (excluding). 
Vorzeitigen Rückkaufsgrunderklärung (wie 
nachstehend definiert) die Rückzahlung ge-
mäß § 5(2), d.h. aus steuerlichen Gründen, 
erklärt hat) von der Emittentin am Stichtag 
den Rückkauf seiner Schuldverschreibungen 
zu einem Kaufpreis von 101% des Nennbe-
trags zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Stichtag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zu ver-
langen. 
In this context the following provisions apply:  
In diesem Zusammenhang finden die folgen-
den Vorschriften Anwendung: 
Change of Control Triggering Event means 
the occurrence of a Change of Control to-
gether with a Ratings Decline. 
 
Ein Kontrollwechselereignis liegt vor, wenn 
ein Kontrollwechsel zusammen mit einer Ra-
tingherabstufung eintreten. 
Rating Agency means (1) S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited and its subsidiaries or succes-
sors (S&P), (2) Moody's Deutschland GmbH 
and its subsidiaries or successors (Moody's), 
and (3) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and its 
subsidiaries or successors (Fitch), or (4) if 
S&P, Moody's or Fitch, or all three shall not 
make rating of Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA publicly available, a European-wide 
reputable securities rating agency or agen-
cies, as the case may be, selected by Frese-
nius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA, which shall 
be substituted for S&P, Moody's or Fitch or 
all three, as the case may be. 
 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet (1) S&P Global Ra-
tings Europe Limited sowie deren Tochter- 
oder 
Nachfolgergesellschaften 
(S&P), 
(2)·Moody's Deutschland GmbH sowie deren 
Tochter- 
oder 
Nachfolgergesellschaften 
(Moody's), (3) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
sowie deren Tochter- oder Nachfolgergesell-
schaften (Fitch), oder (4) falls S&P, Moody's 
oder Fitch oder alle drei kein Rating für 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA öf-
fentlich zur Verfügung stellen, eine Ratinga-
gentur oder Ratingagenturen mit europawei-
tem Ansehen, die von Fresenius Medical Care 
AG & Co. KGaA ausgewählt wird und S&P, 
Moody's oder Fitch oder alle diese Agenturen 
ersetzt. 
Ratings Decline means that if (a), at the time 
of the occurrence of a Change of Control, 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA's (i) 
has been, rated Investment Grade by at least 
two Rating Agencies and such rating is, 
within 120 days from such time, either down-
graded to a non-investment grade rating or 
withdrawn by at least two Rating Agencies 
and is not within such 120-day period subse-
quently (in the case of a downgrade) up-
graded to Investment Grade by two of the 
three Rating Agencies, or (in the case of with-
drawal) replaced by an Investment Grade 
rating from any other Rating Agency or Rat-
ing Agencies; or (ii) rated below Investment 
 
Eine Ratingherabstufung liegt vor, falls (a) 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA bei 
Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels (i) von mindes-
tens zwei Ratingagenturen mit Investment 
Grade bewertet ist und diese Ratings von 
mindestens zwei Ratingagenturen innerhalb 
von 120 Tagen nach dem Kontrollwechsel zu 
einem Non-Investment-Grade-Rating herab-
gestuft oder das Rating zurückgezogen wurde 
und nicht innerhalb dieser 120-Tagesperiode 
anschließend (im Falle einer Herabstufung) 
durch mindestens zwei Ratingagenturen wie-
der auf ein Investment Grade Rating herauf-
gestuft oder (im Falle eines Zurückziehens) 
durch das Investment Grade Rating einer

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
Grade and such rating from any Rating 
Agency is, within 120 days from such time, 
downgraded by one or more gradations (in-
cluding gradations within Rating Categories 
as well as between Rating Categories) and is 
not within such 120-day period subsequently 
upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better 
by such Rating Agency, provided that if at the 
time of the occurrence of a Change of Control 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA car-
ries an Investment Grade rating of only one 
Rating Agency, it shall be sufficient if the re-
quirements under sub-paragraph (i) are met 
with respect to such Rating Agency; and (b) 
in making any of the decisions referred to 
above, the relevant Rating Agency an-
nounces publicly or confirms in writing to 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA that 
its decision resulted, in whole or in part, from 
the occurrence of the Change of Control. 
anderen Ratingagentur oder Ratingagentu-
ren ersetzt wurde; oder (ii) unterhalb von In-
vestment Grade bewertet ist und dieses Ra-
ting von einer Ratingagentur innerhalb von 
120 Tagen nach dem Kontrollwechsel um 
eine oder mehrere Stufen (einschließlich Un-
tergliederungen innerhalb von sowie zwi-
schen Ratingkategorien) herabgestuft und 
nicht innerhalb dieser 120-Tagesperiode an-
schließend wieder auf das ursprüngliche oder 
ein besseres Rating durch diese Ratingagen-
tur 
heraufgestuft 
wurde, 
wobei, 
falls 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA zum 
Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels über ein Invest-
ment-Grade-Rating von nur einer Ratinga-
gentur verfügt, es bereits ausreichend ist, 
wenn die Voraussetzungen in Unterabsatz (i) 
im Hinblick auf diese Ratingagentur erfüllt 
sind; und (b) im Zusammenhang mit einer der 
oben genannten Entscheidungen die betref-
fende Ratingagentur öffentlich bekannt 
macht oder gegenüber Fresenius Medical 
Care AG & Co. KGaA schriftlich bestätigt, dass 
ihre Entscheidung ganz oder teilweise auf 
den Kontrollwechsel zurückzuführen ist. 
Provided however that, no Ratings Decline 
will occur if at the end of the 120-day period 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA has 
been rated by at least two Rating Agencies, it 
has solicited, Investment Grade. 
 
Eine Ratingherabstufung liegt jedoch nicht 
vor, falls Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA (aufgrund einer Beauftragung durch 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA) am 
Ende der 120-Tagesperiode von mindestens 
zwei Ratingagenturen mit Investment Grade 
bewertet wird. 
Rating Category means: 
 
Ratingkategorie bezeichnet: 
(a) 
with respect to S&P or Fitch, any of 
the following categories: BB, B, CCC, 
CC, C and D (or equivalent successor 
categories); 
 
(a) 
in Bezug auf S&P oder Fitch eine der 
folgenden Kategorien: BB, B, CCC, CC, 
C und D (bzw. entsprechende Nachfol-
gekategorien; 
(b) 
with respect to Moody's, any of the 
following categories: Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C 
and D (or equivalent successor cate-
gories); and 
 
(b) 
in Bezug auf Moody's eine der folgen-
den Kategorien: Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C und 
D (bzw. entsprechende Nachfolgeka-
tegorien); und 
(c) 
the equivalent of any such category of 
S&P, Moody's or Fitch used by an-
other rating agency in determining 
 
(c) 
diesen Kategorien von S&P oder 
Moody's oder Fitch entsprechende 
Ratingkategorien 
einer 
anderen

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
whether the rating of Fresenius Med-
ical Care AG & Co. KGaA has de-
creased by one or more gradations, 
gradations within rating categories 
("+" and "-" for S&P, "1", "2" and "3" 
for Moody's, "+" and "-" for Fitch; or 
the equivalent gradations for another 
rating agency) shall be taken into ac-
count (e.g., with respect to S&P, a de-
cline in a rating from "BB+" to "BB", as 
well as from "BB-" to "B+", will consti-
tute a decrease of one gradation). 
Ratingagentur. Bei der Bestimmung, 
ob das Rating von Fresenius Medical 
Care AG & Co. KGaA um eine oder 
mehrere Stufen herabgestuft wurde, 
werden die jeweiligen Ratingkatego-
rien weiter untergliedernde Zusätze 
("+" und "-" bei S&P, "1", "2" und "3" 
bei Moody's, "+" und "-" bei Fitch bzw. 
entsprechende Zusätze anderer Ratin-
gagenturen) berücksichtigt (z. B. ent-
spricht bei S&P eine Ratingänderung 
von "BB+" auf "BB" oder von "BB-" auf 
"B+" jeweils einer Herabstufung um 
eine Stufe). 
Investment Grade means a rating of (i) "BBB-
" or higher by S&P and Fitch, and (ii) "Baa3" 
or higher by Moody's, or the equivalent of 
such ratings by S&P, Moody's or Fitch and the 
equivalent in respect of rating categories of 
any Rating Agencies substituted for S&P, 
Moody's or Fitch. 
 
Investment Grade bezeichnet ein Rating von 
(i) "BBB-" oder höher im Fall von S&P und 
Fitch und (ii) "Baa3" oder höher im Fall von 
Moody's, oder das entsprechende Äquivalent 
dieser Ratings im Fall von S&P, Moody's oder 
Fitch sowie das entsprechende Äquivalent in 
den Ratingkategorien einer anderen Ratinga-
gentur, durch die S&P, Moody's oder Fitch er-
setzt wurde. 
A Change of Control means the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events: 
 
Ein Kontrollwechsel bezeichnet den Eintritt 
eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereig-
nisse: 
(a) 
so long as Fresenius Medical Care AG 
& Co. KGaA is organized as a KGaA, if 
the General Partner of Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA charged 
with the management of Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA shall at 
any time fail to be Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA or a subsidiary of Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA, or if Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA shall fail at any time to own or 
control, directly or indirectly, more 
than 25 % of the capital stock with or-
dinary voting power in Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA; 
 
(a) 
so lange Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA die Rechtsform einer KGaA 
hat: Wenn es sich bei dem mit der Ge-
schäftsführung von Fresenius Medical 
Care AG & Co. KGaA beauftragten 
Komplementär der Gesellschaft zu ir-
gendeinem 
Zeitpunkt 
nicht 
um 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA oder eine 
Tochtergesellschaft der Fresenius SE & 
Co. 
KGaA 
handelt 
oder 
wenn 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA zu irgendei-
nem Zeitpunkt direkt oder indirekt 
nicht mehr als 25 % des stimmberech-
tigten Grundkapitals an Fresenius Me-
dical Care AG & Co. KGaA hält und 
kontrolliert;  
(b) 
if Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA is no longer organized as a 
KGaA, any event the result of which is 
 
(b) 
wenn Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA nicht mehr die Rechtsform einer 
KGaA hat, ein Ereignis, in dessen Folge

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
that (A) any person or group (Rele-
vant Person(s)) acting in concert (as 
defined in § 30 (2) of the German Se-
curities Acquisition and Takeover Act 
(Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und 
Übernahmegesetz)) or any person or 
group acting on behalf of any such 
Relevant Person(s), other than a Per-
mitted Holder, is or becomes the di-
rect or indirect legal or beneficial 
ownership or any legal or beneficial 
entitlement (as defined in § 34 of the 
German 
Securities 
Trading 
Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz)) of, in the 
aggregate, more than 50% of the vot-
ing shares of Fresenius Medical Care 
AG & Co. KGaA; or 
(A) eine Person oder mehrere Perso-
nen (Relevante Personen), die abge-
stimmt handeln (wie in § 30 (2) Wert-
papiererwerbs- und Übernahmege-
setz definiert), oder einer oder meh-
rere Dritte, die im Auftrag einer sol-
chen Relevanten Personen handeln, 
mit Ausnahme eines Zulässigen Inha-
bers, unmittelbar oder mittelbar 
rechtliches oder wirtschaftliches Ei-
gentum in jedweder Form bzw. die un-
mittelbare oder mittelbare rechtliche 
oder wirtschaftliche Verfügungsbe-
fugnis in jedweder Form (wie in § 34 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetz 
beschrie-
ben) an insgesamt mehr als 50% der 
stimmberechtigten 
Aktien 
der 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
erlangen; oder 
(c) 
any sale, lease, exchange or other 
transfer (in one transaction or a series 
of related transactions) of all or sub-
stantially all of the assets of Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (held di-
rectly or indirectly) to any Relevant 
Person, other than a Permitted 
Holder, or any person or group acting 
on behalf of any such Relevant Per-
son(s). 
 
(c) 
ein Verkauf, ein Leasing, ein Tausch 
oder eine sonstige Übertragung (im 
Rahmen einer einzigen Transaktion 
oder einer Reihe miteinander zusam-
menhängender Transaktionen) aller 
oder aller wesentlichen Vermögens-
werte (direkt oder indirekt gehalten) 
der Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA an eine oder mehrere Relevante 
Personen, mit Ausnahme eines Zuläs-
sigen Inhabers, oder einen oder meh-
rere Dritte, die im Auftrag solcher Re-
levanten Personen handeln. 
General Partner means Fresenius Medical 
Care Management AG, a stock corporation 
organized under the laws of Germany, in-
cluding its successors and assigns and other 
Persons, in each case who serve as the gen-
eral partner (persönlich haftender Gesell-
schafter) of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA from time to time. 
 
Komplementär bezeichnet die Fresenius Me-
dical Care Management AG, eine Aktienge-
sellschaft nach deutschem Recht, sowie ihre 
Nachfolger, Abtretungsempfänger und sons-
tige Personen, die zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt 
als persönlich haftender Gesellschafter von 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA auf-
treten. 
Person means any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, joint-
stock company, trust, unincorporated organ-
ization, 
government 
or 
any 
agency, 
 
Person bezeichnet eine natürliche Person, 
eine Körperschaft, eine Personengesell-
schaft, ein Joint Venture, eine Vereinigung, 
eine Aktiengesellschaft, einen Trust, eine Ein-
richtung ohne eigene Rechtspersönlichkeit, 
eine staatliche Stelle oder Behörde, eine

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
instrumentality 
or 
political 
subdivision 
thereof, or any other entity. 
Gebietskörperschaft oder einen sonstigen 
Rechtsträger. 
Permitted Holder means Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA and any of its Affiliates, as long as and 
to the extent Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA or the 
relevant Affiliate(s) is or are not acting in con-
cert with, or on behalf of, a Relevant Per-
son(s). 
 
Zulässiger Inhaber bezeichnet die Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA und alle mit ihr verbundenen 
Personen, sofern und soweit die Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA oder eine oder mehrere mit ihr 
verbundene Person(en) nicht gemeinsam mit 
oder im Auftrag einer oder mehrerer Rele-
vanten Person(en) handeln. 
Affiliate of any specified Person means: 
 
Verbundene Person einer bestimmten Per-
son bezeichnet: 
(a) 
any other Person, directly or indi-
rectly, controlling or controlled by 
such specified Person, or 
 
(a) 
jede andere Person, die diese Person 
direkt oder indirekt kontrolliert bzw. 
direkt oder indirekt von ihr kontrol-
liert wird, oder 
(b) 
under direct or indirect common con-
trol with such specified Person. 
 
(b) 
mit dieser bestimmten Person unter 
direkter oder indirekter gemeinsamer 
Kontrolle steht. 
For the purposes of this definition, "control" 
when used with respect to any Person means 
the power to direct the management and 
policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, 
whether through the ownership of voting se-
curities, by contract or otherwise (section 15 
of the German Stock Corporation Act (Ak-
tiengesetz); and the terms "controlling" and 
"controlled" have meanings correlative to 
the foregoing. 
 
Für den Zweck dieser Definition bezeichnet 
"Kontrolle" bei Verwendung in Bezug auf eine 
Person die Befugnis, deren Geschäftsführung 
und Unternehmenspolitik direkt oder indi-
rekt zu bestimmen (§ 15 Aktiengesetz), sei es 
durch den Besitz von stimmberechtigten Ka-
pitalanteilen, eine vertragliche Festlegung 
oder anderweitig, und die Bedeutung der Be-
griffe "kontrolliert" und "kontrollieren" ist 
entsprechend zu verstehen. 
Within 30 days upon the Issuer becoming 
aware that a Change of Control Triggering 
Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give no-
tice (a Put Event Notice) to the Holders in ac-
cordance with § 12 stating: 
 
Innerhalb von 30 Tagen, nachdem die Emit-
tentin von einem Kontrollwechselereignis 
Kenntnis erlangt hat, wird die Emittentin dies 
den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 bekannt machen 
(Vorzeitige Rückkaufsgrunderklärung) und 
dabei folgendes mitteilen: 
(a) 
that a Change of Control Triggering 
Event has occurred; 
 
(a) 
dass ein Kontrollwechselereignis ein-
getreten ist; 
(b) 
the circumstances and relevant facts 
regarding such Change of Control 
Triggering Event; 
 
(b) 
die Umstände und relevanten Infor-
mationen bezüglich des Kontrollwech-
selereignisses; 
(c) 
the repurchase date (which shall be 
no earlier than 30 days nor later than 
 
(c) 
den Tag des Rückkaufs (der nicht frü-
her als 30 und nicht später als 60 Tage

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
60 days from the date such Put Event 
Notice is given) (the Optional Re-
demption Date); 
nach dem Tag, an dem die Vorzeitige 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung erfolgt, lie-
gen darf) (der Stichtag); 
(d) 
that each Note will be subject to re-
purchase only in integral multiples of 
the Specified Denomination; and 
 
(d) 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen nur in 
ganzen Vielfachen der Festgelegten 
Stückelung zurückgekauft werden; 
und 
(e) 
the instructions determined by the Is-
suer that a Holder must follow in or-
der to have its Notes purchased pur-
suant to this § 5(4). 
 
(e) 
die Anweisungen, die ein Gläubiger 
befolgen muss, damit die Schuldver-
schreibungen gemäß diesem § 5(4) zu-
rückgekauft werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder 
must submit during normal business hours at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed option exercise notice in the form 
available from the specified office of the Fis-
cal Agent within the period of 20 days after a 
Put Event Notice is given. No option so exer-
cised may be revoked or withdrawn without 
the prior consent of the Issuer. 
 
Um ein solches Recht auszuüben, muss ein 
Gläubiger während der allgemeinen Ge-
schäftszeiten bei der angegebenen Ge-
schäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine voll-
ständig ausgefüllte Ausübungserklärung in 
der durch die Emissionsstelle bereitgestellten 
Form innerhalb eines Zeitraums von 20 Tagen 
nach Bekanntmachung der Vorzeitigen Rück-
zahlungserklärung übermitteln. Kein in dieser 
Form ausgeübtes Recht kann ohne vorherige 
Zustimmung der Emittentin widerrufen oder 
zurückgezogen werden. 
The Issuer will comply with the requirements 
of any applicable securities laws or regula-
tions in connection with an early redemption 
of Notes at the option of the Holders upon a 
Change of Control pursuant to this § 5(4). To 
the extent that the provisions of any securi-
ties laws or regulations or applicable stock 
exchange listing rules conflict with the provi-
sions of this § 5(4), the Issuer will comply 
with the applicable securities laws, regula-
tions and listing rules and will not be deemed 
to have breached its obligations under this 
§ 5(4) by virtue thereof.] 
 
Die Emittentin wird die Anforderungen der 
anwendbaren 
Wertpapiergesetze 
oder 
-vorschriften im Zusammenhang mit einer 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung von Schuldver-
schreibungen nach Wahl der Inhaber bei ei-
nem Kontrollwechsel gemäß diesem § 5(4) 
erfüllen. Soweit die Bestimmungen eines 
Wertpapiergesetzes oder -verordnung oder 
eines anwendbaren Börsenzulassungsregel-
werks im Widerspruch zu den Bestimmungen 
dieses § 5(4) stehen, wird die Emittentin die 
anwendbaren Wertpapiergesetze, -verord-
nungen und -regelwerke einhalten und dies 
wird nicht als Verletzung ihrer Pflichten aus 
diesem § 5(4) angesehen werden.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer the following applies:  
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuld-
verschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: 
[(5)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer.  
[(5)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emit-
tentin.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem 
all or some only of the Notes within 
the Call Redemption Period(s) at the 
Call Redemption Amount(s) set forth 
below together with accrued interest, 
if any, to (but excluding) the relevant 
redemption date. 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie ge-
mäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder teilweise innerhalb des/der 
Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraums/-räume 
(Call) zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzah-
lungsbetrag/-beträgen 
(Call), 
wie 
nachfolgend angegeben, nebst etwai-
gen bis zum maßgeblichen Rückzah-
lungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufe-
nen Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
Call Redemption Pe-
riod(s) 
Call Redemp-
tion Amount(s) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum/-
räume  
(Call) 
Wahl-Rückzah-
lungsbetrag/-
beträge  
(Call) 
[Call Redemption  
Period(s)] 
[Call Redemp-
tion 
Amount(s)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungszeitraum/-
räume] 
[Wahl-Rückzah-
lungs-betrag/-
beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Re-
demption at the Option of the 
Holder, the following applies: The Is-
suer may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the sub-
ject of the prior exercise by the 
Holder thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note under 
subparagraph [(7)] of this § 5.] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vor-
zeitig zu kündigen, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rück-
zahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Aus-
übung seines Wahlrechts nach Ab-
satz [(7)] dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given 
by the Issuer to the Holders of the 
Notes in accordance with § 12. Such 
notice shall specify:  
 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzuge-
ben. Sie muss die folgenden Angaben 
enthalten: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to 
redemption; 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie 
von Schuldverschreibungen;  
(ii) 
whether such series is to be 
redeemed in whole or in part 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
only and, if in part only, the ag-
gregate principal amount of 
the Notes which are to be re-
deemed; 
zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren Fall den Gesamt-
nennbetrag der zurückzuzah-
lenden 
Schuldverschreibun-
gen;  
(iii) 
the relevant redemption date, 
which shall be not less than 20 
nor more than 40 days after 
the date on which notice is 
given by the Issuer to the 
Holders; and 
 
(iii) 
den maßgeblichen Rückzah-
lungstag, der nicht weniger als 
20 und nicht mehr als 40 Tage 
nach dem Tag der Kündigung 
durch die Emittentin gegen-
über den Gläubigern liegen 
darf; und  
(iv) 
the Call Redemption Amount 
at which such Notes are to be 
redeemed. 
 
(iv) 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag (Call), zu dem die Schuld-
verschreibungen 
zurückge-
zahlt werden. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules 
of the relevant Clearing System. [In 
the case of Notes in NGN form, the 
following applies: For technical pro-
cedure of the ICSDs, in the case of a 
partial redemption the outstanding 
redemption amount will be reflected 
in the records of the ICSDs as either a 
reduction in nominal amount or as a 
pool factor, at the discretion of the 
ICSDs.]] 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, wer-
den die zurückzuzahlenden Schuld-
verschreibungen 
in 
Übereinstim-
mung mit den Regeln des betreffen-
den 
Clearingsystems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in 
Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Für das tech-
nische Verfahren der ICSDs wird im 
Fall einer teilweisen Rückzahlung der 
entstehende 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
entweder als reduzierter Nennbetrag 
oder als Poolfaktor nach Ermessen 
der ICSDs in das Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommen.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
Transaction Trigger Event the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuld-
verschreibungen vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines Trans-
aktions-Ereignisses zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[(6)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a Transaction Trigger 
Event. 
 
[(6)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emit-
tentin bei Eintritt eines Transaktions-Ereig-
nisses. 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of a Transaction 
Trigger Event, the Issuer may, upon 
notice given in accordance with 
clause (b), redeem all of the Notes on 
the Event Redemption Date at the 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem ein 
Transaktions-Ereignis aufgetreten ist 
und sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen ins-
gesamt 
an 
dem 
Ereignis-

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
Event Redemption Amount together 
with interest (if any) to the Event Re-
demption Date (excluding). 
Rückzahlungstag zum Ereignis-Rück-
zahlungsbetrag, wie nachfolgend an-
gegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum Er-
eignis-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließ-
lich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurück-
zahlen. 
The Issuer may waive its right to call 
the Notes for redemption based on a 
Transaction Trigger Event by giving 
notice in accordance with § 12. 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur 
vorzeitigen Kündigung der Schuldver-
schreibungen aufgrund eines Trans-
aktions-Ereignisses durch Bekannt-
machung gemäß § 12 verzichten. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Re-
demption at the Option of the Holder 
the following applies: The Issuer may 
not exercise such option in respect of 
any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Holder thereof 
of its option to require the redemp-
tion of such Note under subpara-
graph [(7)] of this § 5.] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vor-
zeitig zu kündigen, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rück-
zahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Aus-
übung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz 
[(7)] dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be given 
by the Issuer to the Holders of the 
Notes in accordance with § 12. Such 
notice shall specify:  
 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzuge-
ben. Sie muss die folgenden Angaben 
enthalten: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject to 
redemption; 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Serie 
von Schuldverschreibungen;  
(ii) 
the Event Redemption Date, 
which shall be not less than 30 
days nor more than 60 days af-
ter the date on which notice of 
the occurrence of the Transac-
tion Trigger Event is given by 
the Issuer to the Holders; and 
 
(ii) 
den 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungs-
tag, der nicht weniger als 30 
Tage und nicht mehr als 60 
Tage nach dem Tag der Mittei-
lung des Eintritts eines Trans-
aktions-Ereignisses durch die 
Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf; und  
(iii) 
the 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount at which such Notes 
are to be redeemed. 
 
(iii) 
den Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag, zu dem die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden. 
(c) 
Whereby: 
 
(c) 
Dabei gilt:

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
Event Redemption Amount means 
[insert amount per Note]. 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
be-
zeichnet [Betrag pro Schuldver-
schreibung einfügen]. 
Event Redemption Date means the 
date fixed for redemption of the 
Notes pursuant to subparagraph [(6)] 
(b) of this § 5. 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag 
bezeich-
net den Tag, der für die Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen gemäß 
Absatz [(6)] (b) dieses § 5 festgesetzt 
wurde. 
Transaction means [insert descrip-
tion of envisaged acquisition trans-
action for which the Notes are in-
tended to be issued for refinancing 
purposes]. 
 
Transaktion bezeichnet [Beschrei-
bung der geplanten Akquisitions-
transaktion für deren Finanzierung 
die Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
werden]. 
Transaction Trigger Event means a 
notice given by the Issuer to the Hold-
ers [in the case of a Transaction Trig-
ger Cut-off Date insert: on or prior to 
[Transaction Trigger Cut-off Date]] in 
accordance with § 12 that the Trans-
action has been terminated prior to 
completion and the Issuer has pub-
licly stated that it no longer intends to 
pursue the Transaction.] 
 
Transaktions-Ereignis bezeichnet die 
Mitteilung der Emittentin [Im Fall ei-
nes Transaktions-Stichtages, einfü-
gen: an oder vor dem [Transaktions-
Stichtag]] an die Gläubiger gemäß 
§ 12, dass die Transaktion vor ihrem 
Abschluss abgebrochen wurde und 
die Emittentin öffentlich erklärt hat, 
dass sie nicht länger beabsichtigt, die 
Transaktion zu verfolgen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder the following applies:  
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuld-
verschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist folgen-
des anwendbar: 
[(7)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder.
 
[(7)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläu-
bigers. 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Holder of any Note, redeem such 
Note on the Put Redemption Date(s) 
at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set 
forth below together with accrued in-
terest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
Put Redemption Date. 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldver-
schreibung nach Ausübung des ent-
sprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger am/an den Wahl-Rück-
zahlungstag(en) 
(Put) 
zum/zu 
dem/den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/-beträgen (Put), wie nachfol-
gend angegeben nebst etwaigen bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/beträge (Put)

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
[Put Redemp-
tion Date(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[Wahl-Rückzah-
lungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●] 
[●] 
The Holder may not exercise such op-
tion in respect of any Note which is 
the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Issuer of any of its options to re-
deem such Note under this § 5. 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahl-
recht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuld-
verschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung ei-
nes ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 
verlangt hat. 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, the 
Holder must, not less than [Minimum 
Notice to Issuer] nor more than 
[Maximum Notice to Issuer] days be-
fore the Put Redemption Date on 
which such redemption is required to 
be made as specified in the Put Re-
demption Notice (as defined below), 
submit during normal business hours 
at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent a duly completed early re-
demption notice (Put Redemption 
Notice) in the form available from the 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent 
and the Paying Agent. The Put Re-
demption Notice must specify (i) the 
principal amount of the Notes in re-
spect of which such option is exer-
cised, and (ii) the securities identifica-
tion number of such Notes, if any. No 
option so exercised may be revoked 
or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be 
required to redeem Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised 
against delivery of such Notes to the 
Issuer or to its order.] 
 
(b) 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat 
der Gläubiger nicht weniger als [Min-
destkündigungsfrist] und nicht mehr 
als [Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage vor 
dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an 
dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklärung 
(wie nachfolgend definiert) erfolgen 
soll, der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle 
der Emissionsstelle während der nor-
malen Geschäftszeiten eine ord-
nungsgemäß ausgefüllte Mitteilung 
zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung (die 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklärung), 
wie sie bei den bezeichneten Ge-
schäftsstellen der Emissionsstelle und 
der Zahlstelle erhältlich ist, zu über-
mitteln. 
Die 
Rückzahlungs-Aus-
übungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) 
den Nennbetrag der Schuldverschrei-
bungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausge-
übt wird und (ii) die Wertpapier-
Kenn-Nummer 
dieser 
Schuldver-
schreibungen (soweit vergeben). Die 
Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen, für wel-
che das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden 
ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emit-
tentin oder deren Order.]

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
§ 6 
(THE FISCAL AGENT,THE PAYING AGENT AND THE 
CALCULATION AGENT) 
 
§ 6 
(DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE,DIE ZAHLSTELLE UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE) 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. 
The initial fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent) and 
the initial paying agent (the Paying Agent) 
and its initial specified office shall be: 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle (die 
Emissionsstelle) und die anfänglich bestellte 
Zahlstelle (die Zahlstelle) und ihre bezeich-
nete Geschäftsstelle lautet wie folgt: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Security Services 
Operations Frankfurt 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Trust & Security Services 
Operations Frankfurt 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
The initial calculation agent (the Calculation 
Agent) and its initial specified office shall be:
 
[●].] 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Berechnungsstelle 
(die Berechnungsstelle) und ihre bezeich-
nete Geschäftsstelle lautet wie folgt: 
[●].] 
The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent 
[and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right 
at any time to change their respective speci-
fied offices to some other specified office in 
the same country. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahlstelle 
[und die Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre jeweiligen be-
zeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine an-
dere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demsel-
ben Land zu ersetzen. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appointment. 
 
(2) 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent or the Cal-
culation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal 
Agent or additional or other Paying Agents 
or another Calculation Agent. The Issuer 
shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent 
[in the case of Notes listed on a stock ex-
change the following applies: [,] [and] (ii) so 
long as the Notes are listed on the [name of 
Stock Exchange], a Paying Agent (which may 
be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in 
[location of Stock Exchange] and/or in such 
other place as may be required by the rules 
of such stock exchange] [,] [and] [(iii)] a Pay-
ing Agent in an EU Member State, if possible, 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, je-
derzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle 
oder einer Zahlstelle oder der Berechnungs-
stelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und eine 
andere Emissionsstelle oder zusätzliche oder 
andere Zahlstellen oder eine andere Berech-
nungsstelle zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird 
zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine Emissionsstelle 
unterhalten [im Fall von Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die an einer Börse notiert sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: [,] [und] (ii) solange 
die Schuldverschreibungen an der [Name 
der Börse] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle (die 
die Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit bezeichne-
ter Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz der Börse] 
und/oder 
an 
solchen 
anderen 
Orten

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
that will not be obliged to withhold or de-
duct tax in connection with any payment 
made in relation to the Notes unless the Pay-
ing Agent would be so obliged in each other 
EU Member State if it were located there, [,] 
[and] [(iv)] a Calculation Agent [in the case of 
payments in United States dollar the follow-
ing applies: and [(v)] if payments at or 
through the offices of all Paying Agents out-
side the United States (as defined in § 1(6)) 
become illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange con-
trols or similar restrictions on the full pay-
ment or receipt of such amounts in United 
States dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in New York City]. Any variation, termi-
nation, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insol-
vency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to 
the Holders in accordance with § 12. 
unterhalten, die die Regeln dieser Börse ver-
langen] [,] [und] [(iii)] eine Zahlstelle in ei-
nem Mitgliedsstaat der Europäischen Union, 
sofern dies möglich ist, unterhalten, die 
nicht zum Einbehalt oder Abzug von Quellen-
steuern oder sonstigen Abzügen verpflichtet 
ist, es sei denn, dass eine solche Einbehalts- 
oder Abzugspflicht auch in allen anderen 
Mitgliedsstaaten der Europäischen Union 
bestünde [,] [und] [(iv)] eine Berechnungs-
stelle unterhalten [im Fall von Zahlungen in 
US-Dollar ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
[(v)] falls Zahlungen bei den oder durch die 
Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1(6) defi-
niert) aufgrund der Einführung von Devisen-
beschränkungen oder ähnlichen Beschrän-
kungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zah-
lung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich oder tat-
sächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahl-
stelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in 
New York City unterhalten]. Eine Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger 
Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im Insol-
venzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort 
wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 12 vorab unter Einhaltung einer 
Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 
45 Tagen informiert wurden. 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as the agents of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for 
any Holder. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und über-
nehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegen-
über den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auf-
trags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen 
ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
§ 7 
(TAXATION) 
 
§ 7 
(STEUERN) 
All payments of principal and interest made by the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Holders shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any present or future taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of 
 
Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen von der 
Emittentin an die Gläubiger zahlbaren Kapital- oder 
Zinsbeträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug an 
der Quelle für oder wegen gegenwärtiger oder zu-
künftiger Steuern oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
deduction or withholding by or on behalf of (1) the 
Federal Republic of Germany or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, (2) any ju-
risdiction from or through which payment on the 
Notes or the Guarantee is made, or any political 
subdivision or governmental authority thereof or 
therein having the power to tax and/or (3) any 
other jurisdiction in which the payor is organized or 
otherwise considered to be resident or doing busi-
ness for tax purposes, or any political subdivision or 
governmental authority thereof or therein having 
the power to tax (each a Relevant Taxing Jurisdic-
tion), unless such deduction or withholding is re-
quired by law. In that event the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts (the Additional Amounts) as 
shall result in receipt by the Holders of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no Additional Amounts shall be payable 
with respect to: 
gezahlt, die von oder im Namen (1) der Bundesre-
publik Deutschland oder einer dort zur Steuererhe-
bung ermächtigten Behörde, (2) einer Rechtsord-
nung, aus der bzw. über die eine Zahlung auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder die Garantie geleistet 
wird, oder einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermäch-
tigten Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde, und/oder 
(3) einer anderen Rechtsordnung, in der die zah-
lende Partei errichtet ist oder anderweitig als ge-
bietsansässig gilt oder im steuerlichen Sinn ge-
schäftlich tätig ist, oder einer dort zur Steuererhe-
bung ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder Be-
hörde (jeweils eine Relevante Steuerjurisdiktion) 
im Wege des Abzugs oder Einbehalts auferlegt oder 
erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug 
oder Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In die-
sem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen 
Beträge (Zusätzliche Beträge) zahlen, die erforder-
lich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug je-
weils den Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entspre-
chen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von den Gläubigern erhalten worden wären; jedoch 
sind solche Zusätzlichen Beträge nicht zu zahlen in 
Bezug auf: 
(a) 
taxes or duties which are payable by 
any Person acting as custodian bank 
or collecting agent on behalf of a 
Holder, or otherwise in any manner 
which does not constitute a deduc-
tion or withholding by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor, as applicable, from 
payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
 
(a) 
Steuern oder Abgaben, die von einer 
als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauf-
tragter eines Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder auf eine sonstige Weise 
zu entrichten sind, die keinen Abzug 
oder Einbehalt von Zahlungen von Ka-
pital oder Zinsen durch die Emittentin 
bzw. die Garantiegeberin darstellen; 
oder 
(b) 
payments that would not have been 
so imposed but for the existence of 
any present or former connection be-
tween such Holder (or between a fi-
duciary, settlor, beneficiary, member 
or shareholder of, or a person having 
a controlling power over, such 
Holder) and any Relevant Taxing Ju-
risdiction including, without limita-
tion, such Holder (or such fiduciary, 
settlor, beneficiary, member, share-
holder or person having such a con-
trolling power) being or having been 
 
(b) 
Zahlungen, die nicht erhoben worden 
wären, wenn nicht (i) eine gegenwär-
tige oder ehemalige Beziehung zwi-
schen dem betreffenden Gläubiger 
(oder einem Treuhänder, Treugeber, 
Begünstigten, Mitglied oder Gesell-
schafter dieses Gläubigers oder einer 
Person, die beherrschenden Einfluss 
auf diesen Gläubiger hat) und einer 
Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion beste-
hen würde, unter anderem in der 
Form, dass der betreffende Gläubiger 
(bzw. 
Treuhänder, 
Treugeber,

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
a citizen or resident or treated as a 
resident of, being or having been en-
gaged in a trade or business in, or 
having or having had a permanent es-
tablishment in, a Relevant Taxing Ju-
risdiction other than any connections 
arising solely from a Holder acquiring, 
holding or disposing of, receiving any 
payment under or with respect to or 
enforcing a Note or any Guarantee; or
Begünstigte, Mitglied, Gesellschafter 
oder die Person, die beherrschenden 
Einfluss hat) Staatsbürger einer Rele-
vanten Steuerjurisdiktion ist oder war 
oder dort ansässig ist oder war oder 
als dort ansässig gilt oder galt oder 
dort ein Gewerbe oder eine Ge-
schäftstätigkeit betreibt oder betrie-
ben hat oder dort eine Betriebsstätte 
unterhält oder unterhalten hat, mit 
Ausnahme von Beziehungen, die al-
lein dadurch entstehen, dass ein 
Gläubiger eine Schuldverschreibung 
oder die Garantie erwirbt, hält oder 
veräußert bzw. eine Zahlung darunter 
oder in Bezug auf diese erhält oder 
Ansprüche darauf geltend macht; 
oder 
(c) 
payments to, or to a third party on 
behalf of, a Holder where no such 
withholding or deduction would have 
been required to be made if the 
Notes were credited at the time of 
payment to a securities deposit ac-
count with a bank, financial services 
institution, securities trading busi-
ness or securities trading bank, in 
each case outside the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction; or 
 
(c) 
Zahlungen an den Gläubiger oder an 
einen Dritten für den Gläubiger, falls 
kein Einbehalt oder Abzug hätte er-
folgen müssen, wenn die Schuldver-
schreibung zum Zeitpunkt der fragli-
chen Zahlung einem Depotkonto bei 
einer bzw. einem nicht in der Rele-
vanten Steuerjurisdiktion ansässigen 
Bank, 
Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut, 
Wertpapierhandelsunternehmen 
oder Wertpapierhandelsbank gutge-
schrieben gewesen wäre; oder 
(d) 
payments where such withholding or 
deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) 
any European Union Directive or Reg-
ulation concerning the taxation of 
savings, or (ii) any international treaty 
or understanding relating to such tax-
ation and to which the Relevant Tax-
ing Jurisdiction or the European Un-
ion is a party/are parties, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to con-
form with, such Directive, Regulation, 
treaty or understanding, or (iv) the 
Luxembourg law of 23 December 
2005; or 
 
(d) 
falls der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß 
(i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung 
der Europäischen Union zur Zinsbe-
steuerung oder (ii) einem internatio-
nalen Abkommen oder Übereinkom-
men zu einer solchen Besteuerung, 
bei dem die Relevante Steuerjurisdik-
tion oder die Europäische Union Par-
teien sind, oder (iii) einem diese 
Richtlinie oder Verordnung oder die-
ses Abkommen oder Übereinkom-
men umsetzenden oder sie befolgen-
den oder zu ihrer Befolgung erlasse-
nen Gesetz, oder (iv) dem Luxembur-
ger Gesetz vom 23. Dezember 2005 
erhoben wird; oder

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
(e) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is payable by or 
on behalf of a Holder who could law-
fully mitigate (but has not so miti-
gated) such withholding or deduction 
by complying or procuring that any 
third party complies with any statu-
tory requirements or by making or 
procuring that a third party makes a 
declaration of non-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption to any tax 
authority in the place where the pay-
ment is effected (including, in the 
case of a payment by a Paying Agent 
situated in the United States, by 
providing prior to the receipt of any 
such payment, a complete, correct 
and executed IRS Form W-8 or W-9 or 
successor form, as applicable, with all 
appropriate attachments); or 
 
(e) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
dem Gläubiger oder von einem Drit-
ten für den Gläubiger zahlbar ist, der 
einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
dadurch rechtmäßigerweise hätte 
vermindern können (aber nicht ver-
mindert hat), dass er gesetzliche Vor-
schriften beachtet, oder dafür sorgt, 
dass Dritte dieses tun, oder dadurch 
dass er eine Nichtansässigkeitserklä-
rung oder einen ähnlichen Antrag auf 
Quellensteuerbefreiung 
gegenüber 
der am Zahlungsort zuständigen 
Steuerbehörde; abgibt oder dafür 
sorgt, dass dies durch einen Dritten 
erfolgt (einschließlich, im Falle einer 
Zahlung durch eine Zahlstelle mit Sitz 
in den Vereinigten Staaten, durch Be-
reitstellung eines vollständigen, kor-
rekten 
und 
ausgefüllten 
IRS-
Formulars W-8 oder W-9 oder eines 
Nachfolgeformulars, falls zutreffend, 
mit allen entsprechenden Anlagen); 
oder 
(f) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is payable by or 
on behalf of a Holder who would have 
been able to mitigate such withhold-
ing or deduction by effecting a pay-
ment via another Paying Agent in a 
Member State of the European Un-
ion, not obliged to withhold or deduct 
tax; or 
 
(f) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
dem Gläubiger oder von einem Drit-
ten für den Gläubiger vorzunehmen 
ist, der einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug durch die Bewirkung einer Zah-
lung über eine andere Zahlstelle in ei-
nem Mitgliedsstaat der Europäischen 
Union, welche nicht zu einem solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist, 
hätte vermindern können; oder 
(g) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is for or on ac-
count of the presentation by the 
Holder of any Note for payment on a 
date more than 30 days after the date 
on which such payment became due 
and payable or the date on which 
payment thereof is duly provided for, 
whichever occurs later; or 
 
(g) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug für 
einen Gläubiger oder dessen Rech-
nung vorzunehmen ist, der Schuld-
verschreibungen mehr als 30 Tage 
nach dem Tag, an dem eine Zahlung 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen fäl-
lig und zahlbar wurde bzw., soweit 
dies später eintritt, nach dem Tag, an 
dem die Zahlung ordnungsgemäß 
vorgenommen wurde, vorgelegt hat; 
oder

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
(h) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is required pur-
suant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the Internal Rev-
enue Code), or any amended or suc-
cessor version thereof, any current or 
future regulations or official interpre-
tations thereof, any agreement en-
tered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b) of the Internal Revenue 
Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legis-
lation, rules or practices adopted pur-
suant to any intergovernmental 
agreement entered into in connec-
tion with the implementation of such 
Sections of the Internal Revenue 
Code; or  
 
(h) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug ge-
mäß §§ 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Inter-
nal Revenue Code von 1986 in seiner 
jeweils gültigen Fassung (der Internal 
Revenue Code), oder einer geänder-
ten oder nachfolgenden Fassung da-
von, jeder gegenwärtigen oder zu-
künftigen Verordnung oder offiziellen 
Auslegung davon, jeder Vereinba-
rung, die gemäß § 1471(b) des Inter-
nal Revenue Codes eingegangen 
wurde oder jeder steuerlichen oder 
regulatorischen Gesetzgebung, sowie 
steuerlichen und regulatorischen Ge-
setzen oder Vorgehensweisen, die 
nach einem völkerrechtlichen Ver-
trag, der zur Umsetzung der Bestim-
mungen des Internal Revenue Codes 
geschlossen wurde, vorzunehmen ist; 
oder 
(i) 
any tax imposed on interest by the 
United States or any political subdivi-
sion 
or 
governmental 
authority 
thereof or therein by reason of any 
Holder holding or owning, actually or 
constructively, 10% or more of the to-
tal combined voting power of all clas-
ses of stock of the Issuer or the Guar-
antor entitled to vote; or 
 
(i) 
jede Steuer, die von den Vereinigten 
Staaten oder einer ihrer politischen 
Unterabteilungen oder Regierungs-
behörden auf Zinsen erhoben wird, 
weil ein Inhaber tatsächlich oder kon-
struktiv 10 % oder mehr der gesam-
ten kombinierten Stimmrechte aller 
Aktiengattungen der Emittentin oder 
der Garantiegeberin hält oder besitzt; 
oder 
(j) 
any tax imposed on interest by the 
United States or any political subdivi-
sion 
or 
governmental 
authority 
thereof or therein by reason of any 
Holder being a controlled foreign cor-
poration that is a related person 
within the meaning of Section 
864(d)(4) of the Internal Revenue 
Code with respect to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor; or 
 
(j) 
jede Steuer, die von den Vereinigten 
Staaten oder einer politischen Unter-
abteilung oder Regierungsbehörde 
der Vereinigten Staaten oder darin 
erhoben wird, weil ein Inhaber eine 
kontrollierte ausländische Körper-
schaft ist, die eine verwandte Person 
im Sinne von § 864(d)(4) des Internal 
Revenue Code in Bezug auf die Emit-
tentin oder die Garantiegeberin ist; 
oder 
(k) 
any tax imposed on interest by the 
United States or any political subdivi-
sion 
or 
governmental 
authority 
thereof or therein by reason of any 
Holder being a bank extending credit 
 
(k) 
jede Steuer, die von den Vereinigten 
Staaten oder einer politischen Unter-
abteilung oder Regierungsbehörde 
der Vereinigten Staaten oder darin 
erhoben wird, weil ein Inhaber eine

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
pursuant to a loan agreement en-
tered into in the ordinary course of its 
trade or business; or 
Bank ist, die einen Kredit gemäß ei-
nem Kreditvertrag gewährt, der im 
normalen Geschäftsverkehr abge-
schlossen wurde; oder 
(l) 
payments which are payable by rea-
son of the Holder (or beneficiary or 
other recipient of a payment under 
the Notes) being resident in a non-co-
operative territory (nicht koopera-
tives Steuerhoheitsgebiet) in the 
meaning of the German Law to pre-
vent Tax Avoidance and Unfair Tax 
Competition (Gesetz zur Abwehr von 
Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb), as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including 
any ordinance (Verordnung) enacted 
based on this law); or 
 
(l) 
Zahlungen, die aufgrund der Ansäs-
sigkeit des Gläubigers (oder Begüns-
tigten oder sonstigen Empfängers ei-
ner Zahlung aus den Schuldverschrei-
bungen) in einem nicht kooperativen 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet im Sinne des Ge-
setzes zur Abwehr von Steuervermei-
dung und unfairem Steuerwettbe-
werb in der Fassung wie jeweils geän-
dert oder ersetzt (einschließlich der 
aufgrund von diesem Gesetz ergan-
genen Verordnungen) zu zahlen sind; 
oder 
(m) 
any combination of items (a)-(l);  
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with re-
spect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who is 
a fiduciary or partnership or who is other than the 
sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent 
such payment would be required by the laws of the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction(s) to be included in the 
income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor 
with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such 
partnership or a beneficial owner who would not 
have been entitled to such Additional Amounts had 
such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial 
owner been the Holder of the Note.] 
 
(m) 
jegliche Kombination der Absätze (a)-
(l).  
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im Hin-
blick auf Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
an einen Gläubiger gezahlt, welcher die Zahlung als 
Treuhänder oder Personengesellschaft oder als 
sonstiger nicht alleiniger wirtschaftlicher Eigentü-
mer erhält, soweit nach den Gesetzen der Relevan-
ten Steuerjurisdiktion(en) eine solche Zahlung für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Begünstigten 
bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermögens oder dem 
Gesellschafter der Personengesellschaft zugerech-
net würde, der jeweils selbst nicht zum Erhalt von 
Zusätzlichen Beträgen berechtigt gewesen wäre, 
wenn der Begünstigte, Gründer eines Treuhandver-
mögens, Gesellschafter oder wirtschaftliche Eigen-
tümer unmittelbarer Gläubiger der Schuldver-
schreibungen wäre.] 
For the avoidance of doubt: No Additional Amounts 
will be paid with respect to German capital gains tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer), including withholding tax 
(Abgeltungsteuer), to be deducted or withheld pur-
suant to the German Income Tax Act, even if the de-
duction or withholding has to be made by the Issuer 
or its representative, and the German Solidarity 
Surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) or any other tax 
which may substitute the German capital gains tax 
 
Zur Klarstellung: Keine Zusätzlichen Beträge werden 
gezahlt in Bezug auf die deutsche Kapitalertrag-
steuer (inklusive der sog. Abgeltungsteuer), die 
nach dem deutschen Einkommensteuergesetz ab-
gezogen oder einbehalten wird, auch wenn der Ab-
zug oder Einbehalt durch die Emittentin oder ihren 
Vertreter vorzunehmen ist, und den deutschen So-
lidaritätszuschlag oder jede andere Steuer, welche

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) or solidarity surcharge (Soli-
daritätszuschlag), as the case may be. 
die deutsche Kapitalertragsteuer bzw. den Solidari-
tätszuschlag ersetzen sollte. 
§ 8 
(PRESENTATION PERIOD) 
 
§ 8 
(VORLEGUNGSFRIST) 
The presentation period provided in § 801 para-
graph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) is re-
duced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorle-
gungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibungen auf 
zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
(EVENTS OF DEFAULT) 
 
§ 9 
(KÜNDIGUNG) 
(1) 
Events of default. 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. 
Each Holder shall be entitled to declare due 
and payable by notice to the Fiscal Agent its 
entire claims arising from the Notes and de-
mand immediate redemption thereof at the 
principal amount together with accrued in-
terest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of 
repayment, in the event that: 
 
Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine sämtli-
chen Forderungen aus den Schuldverschrei-
bungen durch Kündigung gegenüber der 
Emissionsstelle fällig zu stellen und die un-
verzügliche Rückzahlung zum Nennbetrag, 
zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Tag der Rückzah-
lung (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zu 
verlangen, falls: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or in-
terest under the Notes within 30 days 
from the relevant due date, or 
 
(a) 
die Emittentin auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen Kapital oder Zinsen 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
dem 
betreffenden 
Fälligkeitstag 
zahlt; oder 
(b) 
the Guarantor fails to pay amounts 
payable under the Guarantee within 
30 days from the relevant due date, 
or 
 
(b) 
die Garantiegeberin auf die Garantie 
zahlbare Beträge nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
zahlt; oder 
(c) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform any 
other material obligation arising from 
the Notes and such failure continues 
unremedied for more than 60 days af-
ter the Fiscal Agent has received a re-
quest thereof in the manner set forth 
in § 9(3) from a Holder to perform 
such obligation; or 
 
(c) 
die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen we-
sentlichen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterlässt 
und die Unterlassung jeweils länger 
als 60 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emissionsstelle eine Aufforderung in 
der in § 9(3) vorgesehenen Art und 
Weise von dem Gläubiger erhalten 
hat, die Verpflichtung zu erfüllen; 
oder 
(d) 
any Capital Market Indebtedness of 
the Issuer or any of its Material 
 
(d) 
eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
ihrer

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
Subsidiaries or the Guarantor (unless 
the Guarantee has been released in 
accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions) becomes prematurely re-
payable as a result of a default in re-
spect of the terms thereof, or the Is-
suer or any of its Material Subsidiar-
ies or the Guarantor (unless the Guar-
antee has been released in accord-
ance with these Terms and Condi-
tions) fails to fulfill any payment obli-
gation in excess of EUR 75,000,000 or 
the equivalent thereof under any 
Capital Market Indebtedness or un-
der any guarantees or suretyships 
given for any Capital Market Indebt-
edness of others within 30 days from 
its due date or, in the case of such 
guarantee or suretyship, within 30 
days of such guarantee or suretyship 
being invoked, unless the Issuer or 
the relevant Material Subsidiary or 
the Guarantor contests in good faith 
that such payment obligation exists 
or is due or that such guarantee or 
suretyship has been validly invoked 
or if a security granted therefor is en-
forced on behalf of or by the credi-
tor(s) entitled thereto; or 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften 
oder der Garantiegeberin (es sei 
denn, die Garantie wurde gemäß die-
sen Emissionsbedingungen freigege-
ben) vorzeitig zahlbar wird aufgrund 
einer Pflichtverletzung aus dem die-
ser Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit zu-
grunde liegenden Vertrag oder die 
Emittentin oder eine ihrer Wesentli-
chen Tochtergesellschaften oder die 
Garantiegeberin (es sei denn, die Ga-
rantie wurde gemäß diesen Emissi-
onsbedingungen freigegeben) eine 
Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder 
im 
Gegenwert 
von 
mehr 
als 
EUR 75.000.000 aus einer Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeit oder aufgrund 
einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die 
für 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
Dritter gegeben wurde, nicht inner-
halb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fällig-
keit bzw. im Fall einer Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 
Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus 
dieser Bürgschaft oder Garantie er-
füllt, es sei denn, die Emittentin oder 
die betreffende Wesentliche Tochter-
gesellschaft oder die Garantiegeberin 
bestreitet in gutem Glauben, dass 
diese Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht 
oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie berechtigterweise gel-
tend gemacht wird, oder falls eine für 
solche Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Si-
cherheit für die oder von den daraus 
berechtigten Gläubiger(n) in An-
spruch genommen wird; oder 
(e) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Sub-
sidiaries or the Guarantor (unless the 
Guarantee has been released in ac-
cordance with these Terms and Con-
ditions) announces its inability to 
meet its financial obligations or 
ceases its payments generally; or 
 
(e) 
die Emittentin oder eine ihrer We-
sentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften 
oder die Garantiegeberin (es sei 
denn, die Garantie wurde gemäß die-
ser Emissionsbedingungen freigege-
ben) gibt ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt oder stellt ihre Zahlungen 
ein; oder 
(f) 
a court opens insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer or the Guarantor 
 
(f) 
ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren 
gegen die Emittentin oder die

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
(unless the Guarantee has been re-
leased in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions) and such pro-
ceedings are instituted and have not 
been discharged or stayed within 90 
days, or the Issuer applies for or insti-
tutes such proceedings; or 
Garantiegeberin (es sei denn, die Ga-
rantie wurde gemäß dieser Emissi-
onsbedingungen freigegeben) eröff-
net, und ein solches Verfahren einge-
leitet und nicht innerhalb von 90 Ta-
gen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt wor-
den ist, oder die Emittentin die Eröff-
nung eines solchen Verfahrens bean-
tragt oder einleitet; oder 
(g) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (unless 
the Guarantee has been released in 
accordance with these Terms and 
Conditions) enters into liquidation 
unless this is done in connection with 
a merger or other form of combina-
tion with another company and such 
company assumes all obligations con-
tracted by the Issuer or the Guarantor 
in connection with the Notes or the 
Guarantee; or 
 
(g) 
die Emittentin oder die Garantiege-
berin (es sei denn, die Garantie wurde 
gemäß dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
freigegeben) in Liquidation tritt, es sei 
denn, dies geschieht im Zusammen-
hang mit einer Verschmelzung oder 
einer anderen Form des Zusammen-
schlusses mit einer anderen Gesell-
schaft und die andere oder neue Ge-
sellschaft übernimmt alle Verpflich-
tungen, die die Emittentin oder die 
Garantiegeberin im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen oder 
der Garantie eingegangen ist; oder 
(h) 
the Guarantee shall cease to be in full 
force and effect in accordance with 
its terms for any reason except pursu-
ant to these Terms and Conditions or 
terms of the Guarantee governing the 
release of the Guarantee or the satis-
faction in full of all the obligations 
thereunder or shall be declared inva-
lid or unenforceable other than as 
contemplated by its terms, or the 
Guarantor shall repudiate, deny or 
disaffirm any of its obligations there-
under or under the Terms and Condi-
tions. 
 
(h) 
die Garantie aus irgendeinem Grund 
nicht mehr gemäß ihren Bedingungen 
uneingeschränkt wirksam ist, es sei 
denn, dies beruht auf diesen Emissi-
onsbedingungen oder den Bedingun-
gen der Garantie bezüglich der Frei-
gabe der Garantie oder der vollstän-
digen Erfüllung aller diesbezüglichen 
Verpflichtungen, oder aus anderen 
Gründen als in ihren Bedingungen 
festgelegt für unwirksam oder un-
durchsetzbar erklärt wird, oder die 
Garantiegeberin eine ihrer Verpflich-
tungen aus der Garantie oder aus den 
Emissionsbedingungen zurückweist, 
leugnet oder ablehnt. 
Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
which: 
 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet 
eine Tochtergesellschaft von Fresenius Me-
dical Care AG & Co. KGaA: 
(a) 
has unconsolidated EBITDA repre-
senting 5% or more of the EBITDA of 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
 
(a) 
deren unkonsolidiertes EBITDA 5% 
oder mehr des EBITDA der Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA und

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
KGaA and its subsidiaries on a consol-
idated basis; or 
ihrer Tochtergesellschaften auf einer 
konsolidierten Basis darstellt, oder  
(b) 
has unconsolidated gross assets rep-
resenting 5% or more of the gross as-
sets of Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA and its subsidiaries on a 
consolidated basis,  
 
(b) 
deren unkonsolidiertes Bruttovermö-
gen 5% oder mehr des Bruttovermö-
gens der Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA und ihrer Tochtergesell-
schaften auf einer konsolidierten Ba-
sis darstellt,  
in each case as determined by reference to 
the latest audited annual financial state-
ments prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
 
in allen Fällen bestimmt nach dem letzten 
geprüften Jahresabschluss, die in Überein-
stimmung mit IFRS erstellt wurden. 
EBITDA means operating income plus depre-
ciation and amortization and is derived from 
the operating income determined in accord-
ance with IFRS. 
 
EBITDA entspricht dem Operativen Ergebnis 
zuzüglich Abschreibungen und wird von dem 
nach IFRS ermittelten Operativen Ergebnis 
abgeleitet. 
(2) 
No Termination. 
 
(2) 
Keine Kündigung. 
The right to declare Notes due shall termi-
nate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. No event 
or circumstance other than an event speci-
fied in § 9(1) shall entitle Holders to declare 
their Notes due and payable prior to their 
stated maturity save as expressly provided 
for in these Terms and Conditions and sub-
ject to applicable mandatory law. 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kün-
digungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts ge-
heilt wurde. Vorbehaltlich anwendbaren 
zwingenden Rechts berechtigen andere Er-
eignisse oder Umstände als die in § 9(1) ge-
nannten den Gläubiger nicht dazu, seine 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zur Rück-
zahlung fällig zu stellen, es sei denn, dies ist 
ausdrücklich in diesen Emissionsbedingun-
gen bestimmt. 
(3) 
Notice. 
 
(3) 
Kündigungserklärung. 
Any default notice in accordance with § 9(1) 
shall be made at least in text form (section 
126b of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) to the specified office of the Fis-
cal Agent together with evidence by means 
of a certificate of the Holder's Custodian (as 
defined in § [13][14](3)) that such Holder, at 
the time of such notice, is a holder of the rel-
evant Notes. 
 
Eine Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 9(1) hat 
in der Weise zu erfolgen, dass der Gläubiger 
bei der angegebenen Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle eine entsprechende Erklä-
rung zumindest in Textform (§ 126 Bürgerli-
ches Gesetzbuch) übergibt und dabei durch 
eine Bescheinigung seiner Depotbank (wie in 
§ [13][14](3) definiert) nachweist, dass er die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zum 
Zeitpunkt der Erklärung hält. 
(4) 
Quorum. 
 
(4) 
Quorum.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(c) 
and/or (d) of this § 9, any notice declaring 
Notes due shall, unless at the time such no-
tice is received any of the events specified in 
subparagraph (1)(a), (b) and (e) through (g) 
of this § 9 entitling Holders to declare their 
Notes due has occurred, become effective 
only when the Fiscal Agent has received such 
default notices from the Holders represent-
ing at least 25% of the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding. 
 
In den Fällen gemäß Absatz (1)(c) und/oder 
(d) dieses § 9 wird eine Kündigungserklä-
rung, sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich 
einer der in Absatz (1)(a), (b) und (e) bis (g) 
dieses § 9 bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei der Emissi-
onsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von Gläu-
bigern im Nennbetrag von mindestens 25% 
des Gesamtnennbetrages der zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt noch insgesamt ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
§ 10 
(SUBSTITUTION) 
 
§ 10 
(ERSETZUNG) 
(1) 
Substitution. 
 
(1) 
Ersetzung 
The Issuer (reference to which shall always 
include any previous Substitute Debtor (as 
defined below)) may, at any time, if no pay-
ment of principal of or interest on any of the 
Notes is in default, without the consent of 
the Holders, substitute for the Issuer any Af-
filiate (as defined below) of Fresenius Medi-
cal Care AG & Co. KGaA as the principal 
debtor in respect of all obligations arising 
from or in connection with the Notes (any 
such company, the Substitute Debtor), pro-
vided that: 
 
Die Emittentin (wobei eine Bezugnahme auf 
die Emittentin auch alle früheren Nachfolge-
schuldner (wie nachfolgend definiert) um-
fasst) ist jederzeit berechtigt, wenn kein Zah-
lungsverzug hinsichtlich Kapital oder Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt, 
ohne weitere Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein 
mit der Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA verbundenes Unternehmen (wie nach-
folgend definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Haupt-
schuldnerin (ein solches Unternehmen ist 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) für alle Verpflich-
tungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, voraus-
gesetzt, dass: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes all ob-
ligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes and is in a position to fulfill all 
payment obligations arising from or 
in connection with the Notes in the 
Specified Currency without, subject 
to lit. (e) below, the necessity of any 
taxes or duties levied by the country 
or jurisdiction in which the Substitute 
Debtor is domiciled (other than taxes 
which would also be levied in the ab-
sence of such substitution) to be 
withheld or deducted at source and 
to transfer all amounts which are re-
quired therefore to the Paying Agent 
without any restrictions, and that in 
 
(a) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Ver-
pflichtungen der Emittentin im Zu-
sammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen rechtswirksam über-
nimmt und sie sämtliche sich aus 
oder im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen ergebenden 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen in der Fest-
gelegten Währung ohne die Notwen-
digkeit (vorbehaltlich Buchstabe (e)) 
einer Einbehaltung an der Quelle 
oder des Abzugs irgendwelcher Steu-
ern oder Abgaben in dem Land oder 
Hoheitsgebiet, in dem die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin ihren Sitz hat (mit Aus-
nahme 
von 
Steuern, 
die 
auch

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
particular all necessary authoriza-
tions to this effect by any competent 
authority have been obtained, and, to 
the extent service of process must be 
effected to the Substitute Debtor out-
side of Germany, a service of process 
agent in Germany is appointed; 
angefallen wären, wäre die Ersetzung 
nicht erfolgt), erfüllen sowie die 
hierzu erforderlichen Beträge ohne 
Beschränkungen an die Zahlstelle 
transferieren kann und sie insbeson-
dere jede hierfür notwendige Geneh-
migung der Behörden ihres Landes 
erhalten hat, und, sofern eine Zustel-
lung an die Nachfolgeschuldnerin au-
ßerhalb von Deutschland erfolgen 
müsste, ein Zustellungsbevollmäch-
tigter in Deutschland bestellt wird; 
(b) 
if at the time of such substitution the 
Issuer is Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA, the Issuer irrevocably and 
unconditionally guarantees (the Sub-
stitution Guarantee) in favor of each 
Holder the payment of all sums paya-
ble by the Substitute Debtor in re-
spect of the Notes on terms equiva-
lent to the terms of the Guarantee; 
 
(b) 
wenn zum Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA die Emittentin ist, die Emitten-
tin unwiderruflich und unbedingt ge-
genüber den Gläubigern die Zahlung 
aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahl-
baren Beträge zu Bedingungen garan-
tiert (die Ersetzungsgarantie), die 
den Bedingungen der Garantie ent-
sprechen; 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer 
have obtained all necessary govern-
mental and regulatory approvals and 
consents for such substitution and for 
the giving by the Issuer of the Substi-
tution Guarantee in respect of the ob-
ligations of the Substitute Debtor, 
that the Substitute Debtor has ob-
tained all necessary governmental 
and regulatory approvals and con-
sents for the performance by the Sub-
stitute Debtor of its obligations under 
the Notes, and that all such approvals 
and consents are in full force and ef-
fect and that the obligations assumed 
by the Substitute Debtor and the Sub-
stitution Guarantee given by the Is-
suer are each valid and binding in ac-
cordance with their respective terms 
and enforceable by each Holder; 
 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und die 
Emittentin alle für die Ersetzung und 
die Abgabe der Ersetzungsgarantie 
von der Emittentin notwendigen Ge-
nehmigungen und Einverständniser-
klärungen von Regierungsstellen und 
Aufsichtsbehörden erhalten haben, 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle für die 
Erfüllung ihrer Verpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen notwen-
digen Genehmigungen und Einver-
ständniserklärungen von Regierungs-
stellen und Aufsichtsbehörden erhal-
ten hat und weiterhin sämtliche die-
ser Genehmigungen und Einverständ-
niserklärungen in vollem Umfang gül-
tig und wirksam sind und zudem die 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Nachfolge-
schuldnerin und die von der Emitten-
tin begebene Ersetzungsgarantie ge-
mäß ihren Bestimmungen wirksam 
und rechtsverbindlich und durch je-
den Gläubiger durchsetzbar sind;

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
(d) 
§ 9 shall be deemed to be amended 
so that it shall also be an Event of De-
fault under such provision if the Sub-
stitution Guarantee shall cease to be 
valid or binding on or enforceable 
against Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA; 
 
(d) 
§ 9 dergestalt als ergänzt gilt, dass ein 
zusätzlicher Kündigungsgrund unter 
dieser Bestimmung der Wegfall der 
Wirksamkeit, 
Rechtsverbindlichkeit 
oder Durchsetzbarkeit der Erset-
zungsgarantie gegen Fresenius Medi-
cal Care AG & Co. KGaA ist; 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor undertakes to 
reimburse any Holder for such taxes, 
fees or duties which may be imposed 
upon such Holder in connection with 
any payments on the Notes (including 
taxes or duties being deducted or 
withheld at source), upon conversion 
or otherwise, as a consequence of the 
assumption of the Issuer's obligations 
by the Substitute Debtor, provided 
that such undertaking shall be limited 
to amounts that would not have been 
imposed upon the Holder had such 
substitution not occurred; and 
 
(e) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich ver-
pflichtet, jedem Gläubiger alle Steu-
ern, Gebühren oder Abgaben zu er-
statten, die ihm im Zusammenhang 
mit Zahlungen auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen (einschließlich Steuern 
und Abgaben, die an der Quelle abge-
führt oder einbehalten wurden), 
durch den Schuldnerwechsel oder in 
anderer Weise infolge der Schuld-
übernahme durch die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin auferlegt werden, vo-
rausgesetzt, dass sich die Verpflich-
tung auf Beträge beschränkt, die der 
Gläubiger ohne die Ersetzung der 
Emittentin nicht hätte tragen müs-
sen; und  
(f) 
there shall have been delivered to the 
Fiscal Agent one opinion for each ju-
risdiction affected of lawyers of rec-
ognized standing to the effect that 
subparagraphs (a) through (e) above 
have been satisfied. 
 
(f) 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
jeweils 
ein 
Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der be-
troffenen Rechtsordnungen von an-
erkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt 
wurden, die bestätigen, dass die Best-
immungen in den vorstehenden Un-
terabsätzen (a) bis (e) erfüllt wurden.
For purposes of this § 10, Affiliate shall mean 
any affiliated company (verbundenes Un-
ternehmen) within the meaning of sections 
15 et seqq. of the German Stock Corporation 
Act (Aktiengesetz) held by Fresenius Medical 
Care AG & Co. KGaA. 
 
Für Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet verbunde-
nes Unternehmen jedes von Fresenius Medi-
cal Care AG & Co. KGaA gehaltene verbun-
dene Unternehmen im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. Ak-
tiengesetz. 
(2) 
Discharge from Obligations. References. 
 
(2) 
Schuldbefreiung. Bezugnahmen. 
Upon a substitution in accordance with this 
§ 10, the Substitute Debtor shall be deemed 
to be named in the Notes as the principal 
debtor in place of the Issuer as issuer and the 
Notes shall thereupon be deemed to be 
amended to give effect to the substitution 
 
Nach einer Ersetzung gemäß dieses § 10 gilt 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin als in den Schuld-
verschreibungen an Stelle der Emittentin als 
Hauptschuldnerin bestimmt und die Schuld-
verschreibungen gelten als dementspre-
chend ergänzt, um der Ersetzung zur

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
including that the relevant jurisdiction in re-
lation to the Issuer in § 7 shall be the Substi-
tute Debtor's country of domicile for tax pur-
poses. Furthermore, in the event of such 
substitution, in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative 
reference to the Federal Republic of Ger-
many shall be deemed to have been in-
cluded in addition to the reference according 
to the preceding sentence to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation purposes 
of the Substitute Debtor. 
Durchsetzung zu verhelfen, und als die rele-
vante Steuerjurisdiktion in Bezug auf § 7 gilt 
die Jurisdiktion, in der die Nachfolgeschuld-
nerin steuerlich ansässig ist. Des Weiteren 
gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung in § 7 und § 5(2) 
eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Bun-
desrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maß-
gabe des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, 
in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz 
oder Steuersitz hat). 
Any such substitution, together with the no-
tice referred to in subparagraph (3) below, 
shall, in the case of the substitution of any 
other company as principal debtor, operate 
to release the Issuer as issuer from all of its 
obligations as principal debtor in respect of 
the Notes. 
 
Jede Ersetzung zusammen mit der Mittei-
lung gemäß Absatz 3 dieser Bestimmung be-
freit, im Fall der Einsetzung einer anderen 
Gesellschaft als Hauptschuldnerin, die Emit-
tentin von allen Verbindlichkeiten, die sie als 
Hauptschuldnerin unter den Schuldver-
schreibungen hatte. 
(3) 
Notification to Holders. 
 
(3) 
Benachrichtigung der Gläubiger. 
Not later than 15 Payment Business Days af-
ter effecting the substitution, the Substitute 
Debtor shall give notice thereof to the Hold-
ers and, if any Notes are listed on any stock 
exchange, to such stock exchange in accord-
ance with § 12 and to any other person or 
authority as required by applicable laws or 
regulations. 
 
Spätestens 15 Zahltage nach Durchführung 
der Ersetzung wird die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
dies den Gläubigern und, sollten die Schuld-
verschreibungen an einer Börse notiert sein, 
dieser Börse gemäß § 12 mitteilen und jede 
andere Person oder Stelle, gemäß den an-
wendbaren Gesetzen und Regelungen infor-
mieren. 
§ 11 
(FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION) 
 
§ 11 
(BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG) 
(1) 
Further Issues. 
 
(1) 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
The Issuer may from time to time, without 
the consent of the Holders, issue further 
Notes having the same terms and conditions 
as the Notes of this series in all respects (or 
in all respects except for the issue date, in-
terest commencement date and/or the issue 
price) so as to form a single series with the 
Notes of this series. 
 
Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben, die in jeder Hinsicht (gegebenen-
falls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, 
des Zinslaufbeginns und/oder des Ausgabe-
preises) die gleichen Bedingungen wie die 
Schuldverschreibungen dieser Serie haben 
und die zusammen mit den Schuldverschrei-
bungen dieser Serie eine einheitliche Ge-
samtemission bilden.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
(2) 
Purchases. 
 
(2) 
Ankauf. 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes 
in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at 
the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or 
surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancella-
tion. If purchases are made by tender, ten-
ders for such Notes must be made available 
to all Holders of such Notes alike. 
 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder an-
derweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kau-
fen. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl 
der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterver-
kauft oder bei der Emissionsstelle zwecks 
Entwertung eingereicht werden. Sofern 
diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot er-
folgen, muss dieses Angebot allen Gläubi-
gern gemacht werden. 
(3) 
Cancellation. 
 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled 
forthwith and may not be reissued or resold.
 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben 
oder wiederverkauft werden. 
§ 12 
(NOTICES) 
 
§ 12 
(MITTEILUNGEN) 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admit-
ted to trading on the regulated market of the Lux-
embourg Stock Exchange the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im amtli-
chen Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am regulierten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(1) 
Publication. 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
As long as the Notes are listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (and as 
long as the rules and regulations of the Lux-
embourg Stock Exchange so require), all no-
tices concerning the Notes will be made by 
means of electronic publication on the inter-
net website of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change (www.bourse.lu). Any notice will be 
deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such publica-
tion (or, if published more than once, on the 
third day following the date of the first such 
publication). 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen im amtli-
chen Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger 
Börse notiert und zum Handel am regulier-
ten Markt der Luxemburger Börse zugelas-
sen sind (und die Vorschriften der Luxem-
burger Börse dies verlangen), sind alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mittei-
lungen auf der Internetseite der Luxembur-
ger Börse (www.bourse.lu) zu veröffentli-
chen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem 
dritten Tag nach dem Tag der Veröffentli-
chung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichun-
gen mit dem dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirk-
sam erfolgt.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subpar-
agraph (1) shall apply. If the Rules of the Lux-
embourg Stock Exchange otherwise so per-
mit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant no-
tice to the Clearing System for communica-
tion by the Clearing System to the Holders, 
in lieu of publication as set forth in subpara-
graph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen im amtli-
chen Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger 
Börse notiert und zum Handel am regulier-
ten Markt der Luxemburger Börse zugelas-
sen sind, sind alle die Schuldverschreibun-
gen betreffenden Mitteilungen gemäß Ab-
satz 1 bekanntzumachen. Soweit die Regeln 
der Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann 
die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach 
Absatz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das Clea-
ring System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubi-
ger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung 
an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a 
stock exchange other than the official list of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the follow-
ing applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einer anderen Börse als im amtlichen Kurs-
blatt (official list) der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(1) 
Publication. 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
All notices concerning the Notes will be 
made by means of electronic publication on 
the internet website of the stock exchange 
with respect to which the Issuer applied for 
listing of the Notes, as long as the Notes are 
listed on such stock exchange and if the rules 
of such stock exchange so permit. Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the third day following the date of 
such publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the third day following the date of 
the first such publication). 
 
Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffen-
den Mitteilungen sind auf der Internetseite 
der Börse, an der die Emittentin das Listing 
der Notes veranlasst hat, zu veröffentlichen, 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an die-
ser Börse notiert sind und die Regeln dieser 
Börse dies zulassen. Jede derartige Mittei-
lung gilt mit dem dritten Tag nach dem Tag 
der Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffent-
lichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on such a 
stock exchange, subparagraph (1) shall ap-
ply. If the rules of such stock exchange oth-
erwise so permit, the Issuer may deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to 
the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth 
in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen an dieser 
Börse notiert sind, sind alle die Schuldver-
schreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen ge-
mäß Absatz 1 bekanntzumachen. Soweit die 
Regeln dieser Börse dies zulassen, kann die 
Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Ab-
satz 1 durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
shall be deemed to have been given on the 
seventh day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am 
siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an 
das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mit-
geteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the 
following applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
nicht an einer Börse notiert sind, ist folgen-
des anwendbar: 
The Issuer will deliver all notices to the Clear-
ing System for communication by the Clear-
ing System to the Holders. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Holders on the seventh day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clear-
ing System.] 
 
Die Emittentin wird alle die Schuldverschrei-
bungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mit-
teilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes that provide for Reso-
lutions of Holders the following applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die Be-
schlüsse der Gläubiger vorsehen, ist folgen-
des anwendbar: 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
BY RESOLUTION OF THE HOLDERS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE, AMENDMENT OF THE 
GUARANTEE 
 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER, ÄNDERUNG DER 
GARANTIE 
(1) 
Majority resolutions pursuant to the German 
Act on Issues of Debt Securities. 
 
(1) 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse nach dem Schuldver-
schreibungsgesetz. 
The Holders may with consent of the Issuer 
(if required) by a majority resolution pursu-
ant to section 5 et seqq. of the German Act 
on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissio-
nen) (the SchVG), as amended from time to 
time, agree to amendments of the Terms 
and Conditions or resolve any other matters 
provided for by the SchVG. In particular, the 
Holders may consent to amendments which 
materially change the substance of the 
Terms and Conditions, including such 
measures as provided for under section 5 
paragraph 3 of the SchVG by resolutions 
passed by such majority of the votes of the 
Holders as stated under § 13(2) below. A 
duly passed majority resolution shall be 
binding upon all Holders. 
 
Die Gläubiger können mit Zustimmung der 
Emittentin (soweit erforderlich) aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses nach Maßgabe der 
§§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldverschrei-
bungen aus Gesamtemissionen (das SchVG) 
in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung die Emissi-
onsbedingungen ändern oder sonstige Maß-
nahmen gemäß dem SchVG beschließen. Die 
Gläubiger können insbesondere einer Ände-
rung wesentlicher Inhalte der Emissionsbe-
dingungen, einschließlich der in § 5 Abs. 3 
SchVG vorgesehenen Maßnahmen durch Be-
schlüsse mit den in dem nachstehenden 
§ 13(2) genannten Mehrheiten zustimmen. 
Ein ordnungsgemäß gefasster Mehrheitsbe-
schluss ist für alle Gläubiger verbindlich.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
(2) 
Majority. 
 
(2) 
Mehrheit. 
Except as provided by the following sen-
tence and provided that the quorum re-
quirements are being met, the Holders may 
pass resolutions by simple majority of the 
voting rights participating in the vote. Reso-
lutions which materially change the sub-
stance of the Terms and Conditions, in par-
ticular in the cases of section 5 paragraph 3 
numbers 1 through 9 SchVG, or relating to 
material other matters may only be passed 
by a majority of at least 75% of the voting 
rights participating in the vote (a Qualified 
Majority). 
 
Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und 
der Erreichung der erforderlichen Beschluss-
fähigkeit, beschließen die Gläubiger mit der 
einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Emissionsbedingungen, insbesondere in den 
Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nummern 1 bis 9 
SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von mindestens 
75% der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte (eine Qualifizierte Mehrheit). 
(3) 
Passing of resolutions. 
 
(3) 
Beschlussfassung. 
The Holders can pass resolutions in a meet-
ing (Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by 
means of a vote without a meeting (Abstim-
mung ohne Versammlung) in accordance 
with section 18 and section 5 et seqq. of the 
SchVG. 
 
Die Gläubiger können Beschlüsse in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung gemäß §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG oder im Wege einer Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 und § 5 ff. 
SchVG fassen. 
(4) 
Meeting. 
 
(4) 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
Attendance at the meeting and exercise of 
voting rights is subject to the Holders' regis-
tration. The registration must be received at 
the address stated in the convening notice 
no later than the third day preceding the 
meeting. As part of the registration, Holders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to partici-
pate in the vote in accordance with sec-
tion 10 paragraph 3 of the SchVG. 
 
Die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversamm-
lung und die Ausübung der Stimmrechte ist 
von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der Gläubi-
ger abhängig. Die Anmeldung muss unter 
der in der Bekanntmachung der Einberufung 
mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten 
Tag vor der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
Mit der Anmeldung müssen die Gläubiger 
ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Ab-
stimmung gemäß § 10 Absatz 3 SchVG nach-
weisen. 
(5) 
Vote without a meeting. 
 
(5) 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
Together with casting their votes Holders 
must demonstrate their eligibility to partici-
pate in the vote in accordance with § 10 par-
agraph 3 of the SchVG. 
 
Zusammen mit der Stimmabgabe müssen 
die Gläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur Teil-
nahme an der Abstimmung gemäß § 10 Ab-
satz 3 SchVG nachweisen.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
(6) 
Second meeting. 
 
(6) 
Zweite Versammlung. 
If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for 
the meeting pursuant to § 13(4) or the vote 
without a meeting pursuant to § 13(5), in 
case of a meeting the chairman (Vor-
sitzender) may convene a second meeting in 
accordance with section 15 paragraph 3 sen-
tence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a vote 
without a meeting the scrutineer (Abstim-
mungsleiter) may convene a second meeting 
within the meaning of section 15 paragraph 
3 sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the 
second meeting and exercise of voting rights 
is subject to the Holders' registration. The 
provisions set out in § 13(4) sentence 3 shall 
apply mutatis mutandis to the Holders' reg-
istration for a second meeting. 
 
Wird für die Gläubigerversammlung gemäß 
§ 13(4) oder die Abstimmung ohne Ver-
sammlung gemäß § 13(5) die mangelnde Be-
schlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann – im Fall 
der Gläubigerversammlung – der Vorsit-
zende eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne 
von § 15 Absatz 3 Satz 2 SchVG und – im Fall 
der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung – der 
Abstimmungsleiter eine zweite Versamm-
lung im Sinne von § 15 Absatz 3 Satz 3 SchVG 
einberufen. Die Teilnahme an der zweiten 
Versammlung und die Ausübung der Stimm-
rechte sind von einer vorherigen Anmeldung 
der Gläubiger abhängig. Für die Anmeldung 
der Gläubiger zu einer zweiten Versammlung 
gilt § 13(4) Satz 3 entsprechend. 
(7) 
Holders' Representative. 
 
(7) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes the 
following applies: The Holders may by ma-
jority resolution provide for the appoint-
ment or dismissal of a joint representative 
(the Holders' Representative), the duties 
and responsibilities and the powers of such 
Holders' Representative, the transfer of the 
rights of the Holders to the Holders' Repre-
sentative and a limitation of liability of the 
Holders' Representative. § 13(2) to (6) also 
apply to the resolution regarding the ap-
pointment of a Holders' Representative. Ap-
pointment of a Holders' Representative may 
only be passed by a Qualified Majority if such 
Holders' Representative is to be authorized 
to consent, in accordance with § 13(2) 
hereof, to a material change in the substance 
of the Terms and Conditions or other mate-
rial matters.] 
 
[Im Fall, dass kein Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
in den Emissionsbedingungen der Schuld-
verschreibungen bestimmt ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter (der Gemeinsame Vertreter) be-
stellen oder abberufen und die Pflichten, 
Aufgaben und Befugnisse des Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters, die Übertragung der Rechte der 
Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen Vertreter 
und eine Beschränkung der Haftung des Ge-
meinsamen Vertreters festlegen. Die § 13(2) 
bis (6) gelten auch für die Beschlussfassung 
über die Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Ver-
treters. Die Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehr-
heit, wenn der Gemeinsame Vertreter be-
fugt ist, Änderungen des wesentlichen In-
halts der Emissionsbedingungen oder sonsti-
gen wesentlichen Maßnahmen gemäß § 
13(2) zuzustimmen.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
the following applies: The joint representa-
tive (the Holders' Representative) shall be 
[name, 
address]. 
The 
Holders' 
 
[Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in 
den Emissionsbedingungen bestimmt wird, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Der gemeinsame 
Vertreter (der Gemeinsame Vertreter) ist 
[Name, 
Adresse]. 
Der 
Gemeinsame

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
Representative shall have the duties and re-
sponsibilities and powers provided for by 
law. The liability of the Holders' Representa-
tive shall be limited to ten times of the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless 
the Holders' Representative has acted will-
fully or with gross negligence. The provisions 
of the SchVG apply with respect to the dis-
missal of the Holders' Representative and 
the other rights and obligations of the Hold-
ers' Representative.] 
Vertreter hat die Pflichten und Verantwort-
lichkeiten und Rechte, die ihm von Gesetzes 
wegen zustehen. Die Haftung des Gemeinsa-
men Vertreters ist auf den zehnfachen Be-
trag seiner jährlichen Vergütung begrenzt, es 
sei denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vor-
sätzlich oder grob fahrlässig gehandelt. Die 
Vorschriften des SchVG gelten im Hinblick 
auf die Abberufung des Gemeinsamen Ver-
treters und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflich-
ten des Gemeinsamen Vertreters.] 
(8) 
Publication. 
 
(8) 
Veröffentlichung. 
Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be 
made exclusively pursuant to the provisions 
of the SchVG. 
 
Alle Bekanntmachungen diesen § 13 betref-
fend erfolgen ausschließlich gemäß den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
(9) 
Amendment of the Guarantee. 
 
(9) 
Änderung der Garantie. 
The provisions set out above applicable to 
the amendment of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the Guarantee. 
 
Die oben aufgeführten auf die Änderung der 
Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschrei-
bungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen gelten 
entsprechend für die Bestimmungen der Ga-
rantie. 
§ 14 
(APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND 
ENFORCEMENT) 
 
§ 14 
(ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG) 
(1) 
Applicable Law. 
 
(1) 
Anwendbares Recht. 
The Notes, as to form and content, and all 
rights and obligations of the Holders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed in every respect by 
German law. 
 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger 
und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
(2) 
Place of Jurisdiction. 
 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Subject to any mandatory jurisdiction for 
specific proceedings under the SchVG, the 
District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am 
Main shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction 
for any action or other legal proceedings 
(Proceedings) arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes. 
 
Vorbehaltlich eines zwingenden Gerichts-
standes für besondere Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
im Zusammenhang mit dem SchVG, ist das 
Landgericht Frankfurt am Main nicht aus-
schließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zu-
sammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibun-
gen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Ver-
fahren (Rechtsstreitigkeiten).

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
(3) 
Enforcement. 
 
(3) 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. 
Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings 
against the Issuer or the Guarantor or to 
which such Holder and the Issuer or the 
Guarantor are parties, protect and enforce in 
his own name his rights arising under such 
Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued 
by the Custodian with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of 
the Notes (a) stating the full name and ad-
dress of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggre-
gate principal amount of Notes credited to 
such securities account on the date of such 
statement and (c) confirming that the Custo-
dian has given written notice to the Clearing 
System containing the information pursuant 
to (a) and (b) which has been confirmed by 
the Clearing System; (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true copy by 
a duly authorized officer of the Clearing Sys-
tem or a depositary of the Clearing System, 
without the need for production in such pro-
ceedings of the actual records or the global 
note representing the Notes or (iii) any other 
means of proof permitted in legal proceed-
ings in the country of enforcement. For pur-
poses of the foregoing, Custodian means any 
bank or other financial institution of recog-
nized standing authorized to engage in secu-
rities custody business with which the 
Holder maintains a securities account in re-
spect of the Notes and which maintains an 
account with the Clearing System, and in-
cludes the Clearing System. Each Holder 
may, without prejudice to the foregoing, 
protect and enforce his rights under these 
Notes also in any other way which is admit-
ted in the country of the Proceedings. 
 
Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen 
ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen 
die Emittentin oder die Garantiegeberin 
oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläu-
biger und die Emittentin oder die Garantie-
geberin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen 
auf der folgenden Grundlage zu schützen 
oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Be-
scheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er 
für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpa-
pierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den vollstän-
digen Namen und die vollständige Adresse 
des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnenn-
betrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeich-
net, die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung 
auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und 
(c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber 
dem Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklä-
rung abgegeben hat, die die vorstehend un-
ter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen 
enthält und einen Bestätigungsvermerk des 
Clearingsystems trägt; (ii) er legt eine Kopie 
der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine ver-
tretungsberechtigte Person des Clearingsys-
tems oder des Verwahrers des Clearingsys-
tems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage 
der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldver-
schreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich 
wäre oder (iii) auf jede andere Weise, die im 
Lande der Geltendmachung prozessual zu-
lässig ist. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden 
bezeichnet Depotbank jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das be-
rechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsge-
schäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der 
Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen unterhält und ein 
Konto beim Clearingsystem unterhält, ein-
schließlich des Clearingsystems. Jeder Gläu-
biger kann unbeschadet des Vorstehenden 
seine Rechte aus diesen Schuldverschreibun-
gen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
und durchsetzen, die im Land des Verfahrens 
zulässig ist. 
§ 15 
(LANGUAGE) 
 
§ 15 
(SPRACHE) 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the Ger-
man language with an English language transla-
tion, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher Spra-
che mit einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the Ger-
man language and provided with an English lan-
guage translation. The German text shall be control-
ling and binding. The English language translation is 
provided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die engli-
sche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the Eng-
lish language with a German language translation, 
the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache abgefasst sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the Eng-
lish language and provided with German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling and 
binding. The German language translation is pro-
vided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deut-
sche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist 
bindend und maßgeblich. Die Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the Eng-
lish language only, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the Eng-
lish language only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Notes are publicly offered in whole or in part 
in Germany or distributed in whole or in part to 
non-professional investors in Germany with Eng-
lish language Conditions, the following applies:  
 
 
Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Emissionsbedingun-
gen wird bei der Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA, Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad Homburg 
v. d. H., zur kostenlosen Ausgabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended (MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (each a Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; how-
ever, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. Fresenius Medical Care AG & 
Co. KGaA is not a manufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules.]24 
[MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Ziel-
marktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] 
Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und profes-
sionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 15. Mai 2014 über Märkte für 
Finanzinstrumente in der jeweils gültigen Fassung (MiFID II), umfasst; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete 
Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldver-
schreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (jeweils ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung 
[des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen. Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA ist kein Konzepteur oder ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der MiFID II Bestimmungen zu Produktüberwachungspflichten.]25 
[UNITED KINGDOM (UK) MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the pur-
poses of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (each a UK 
Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK Distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA is not a manufacturer or UK Distributor for the purposes 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.]26 
[VEREINIGTES KÖNIGREICH (VK) MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE 
GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgeneh-
migungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich ge-
eignete Gegenparteien, im Sinne des Handbuchs der Finanzaufsicht des VK (Financial Conduct Authority – FCA) "Conduct of Business Sourcebook" 
(COBS), und professionelle Kunden, im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 Teil des Rechts 
des VK ist (VK MiFIR), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden angemessen sind [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder 
 
24  Include this legend if MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is professional investors and eligible counterparties 
only. 
25  Diese Legende einfügen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat: ausschließlich 
geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden. 
26  Include this legend if UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is professional investors and eligible counterparties 
only.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
empfiehlt (jeweils ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein VK Vertriebs-
unternehmen, welches dem Handbuch der FCA "Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook" (VK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen 
(entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebs-
kanäle zu bestimmen. Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA ist kein Konzepteur oder ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der UK MiFIR 
Bestimmungen zu Produktüberwachungspflichten.]27 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended (MiFID II); EITHER28 [and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution ser-
vices]] OR29 [and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels 
for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and 
pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]] [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (each a Distributor) should take into considera-
tion the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].30 Frese-
nius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA is not a manufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.]31 
[MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE 
GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgeneh-
migungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegen-
parteien, professionelle Kunden und Kleinanleger, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
15. Mai 2014 über Märkte für Finanzinstrumente in der jeweils gültigen Fassung (MiFID II), umfasst; ENTWEDER32 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den 
Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen] ODER33 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle Investoren und geeignete 
Gegenparteien angemessen sind und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind - 
Anlageberatung[,/ und] Portfolio-Management[,/ und][ Verkäufe ohne Beratung ][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der 
Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Negative Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. 
Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (jeweils ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung 
des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, 
seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die 
 
27  Diese Legende einfügen, wenn VK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat: ausschließlich 
geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden. 
28  Include for notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the ESMA Guidelines). 
29  Include for Notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, 
if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness required under article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
30  If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.  
31  Include this legend if MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market." 
32  Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die ESMA Leitlinien) ESMA komplex sind. 
33  Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls an-
gepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignet-
heit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung 
von Kundenaufträgen von Kleinanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nach Art. 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebs-
unternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf die Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]34, zu bestimmen. Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA ist 
kein Konzepteur oder ein Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der MiFID Bestimmungen zu Produktüberwachungspflichten.]35 
[UNITED KINGDOM (UK) MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER36 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]37] OR38 [and (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appro-
priate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]] [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (each a UK Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a UK Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Gov-
ernance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the man-
ufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the UK Distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].39 Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA is not a manufacturer or UK Distributor for the 
purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.]40  
[VEREINIGTES KÖNIGREICH (VK) MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN 
UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen Klein-
anleger, im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 (EUWA) Teil des Rechts 
des VK ist und geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des Handbuchs der Finanzaufsicht des VK (Financial Conduct Authority - FCA) "Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook" (COBS), und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch das EUWA Teil des 
Rechts des VK ist (VK MiFIR), umfasst; ENTWEDER41 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind [einschließ-
lich Anlageberatung, Portfoliomanagement, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]42] ODER43 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für 
den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle 
für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind – Anlageberatung[,][ und] Portfolio-Management[,/ und][ Verkäufe 
 
34  Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
35  Legende einfügen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt Kleinanleger". 
36  Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
37  This list may not be necessary, especially for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all 
channels of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
38  Include for certain ESMA complex Notes (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. 
39  If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determi-
nation of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
40  Include this legend if UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market." 
41  Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im VK-Kontext, wie in COBS reflektiert). 
42  Diese Liste ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, insbesondere für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im VK-Kontext, 
wie in COBS reflektiert) und bei denen alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb angemessen sein können. Sie spiegelt die Liste wider, die in den 
Beispielen der ESMA Leitlinien verwendet wird. 
43  Einfügen für bestimmte ESMA komplexe Schuldverschreibungen (im VK-Kontext, wie in COBS definiert). Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls 
angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeig-
netheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung 
von Kundenaufträgen von Kleinanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
ohne Beratung ][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick auf 
Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]]. [Negative Zielmärkte berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, 
verkauft oder empfiehlt (jeweils ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein 
VK Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die VK MiFIR Product Gover-
nance Rules) unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzu-
führen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Ver-
triebskanäle [nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des VK Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]44, zu be-
stimmen.]] Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA ist kein Konzepteur oder ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der VK MiFIR Bestimmungen 
zu Produktüberwachungspflichten.]45 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (recast), as amended, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs), as amended 
(the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and, 
therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]46  
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, 
zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanle-
gern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke 
dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinan-
leger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, MiFID II); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der 
Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (wie ergänzt oder ersetzt), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II 
gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 
2017 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die Prospektverordnung). Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer 
jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, die PRIIPs-Verordnung) erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die 
sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die 
sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]47 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, (as amended FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
 
44  Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Kleinanlegern ohne 
Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit 
notwendig. 
45  Diese Legende einsetzen, wenn VK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt Klein-
anleger". 
46  Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Inves-
tors". 
47  Legende einzufügen, sofern in Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschafts-
raum" für "anwendbar" erklärt wird.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 48 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf 
oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich (VK) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im VK nicht angebo-
ten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet 
der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 
8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 (EUWA) Teil des Rechts des VK ist; (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im 
Sinne der Regelungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung (FSMA), und aller Vorschriften und Verord-
nungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen wurden, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller 
Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Abs. 1 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist; oder (iii) sie ist kein 
qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 der Prospektverordnung ist, welche durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist. Entsprechend wurde kein 
nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, welche durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist (die VK PRIIPs-Verordnung), erforderliches Basisinfor-
mationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im VK erstellt; 
daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im VK nach der VK 
PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]49 
[Singapore – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and are Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products).] 
[Singapur – In Verbindung mit Section 309B des Securities and Futures Act 2001 von Singapur (der SFA) und den Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur (die CMP Regulations 2018), hat die Emittentin festgestellt und benachrichtigt hiermit alle 
relevanten Personen (wie in Section 309A(1) des SFA definiert), dass es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen um prescribed capital markets pro-
ducts (wie in den CMP Regulations 2018 definiert) und um Excluded Investment Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products und der MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products definiert) handelt.] 
In case of Notes listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxem-
bourg) or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (Luxembourg), the Final Terms of Notes will be displayed on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange or publicly offered in one or more member 
states of the EEA other than Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of Fresenius Medical Care (www.freseniusmedical-
care.com). 
 
 
48 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors". 
49  Legende einzufügen, sofern in Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich" für 
"anwendbar" erklärt wird.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
FINAL TERMS 
ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibung] 
Series: [], Tranche [] 
Serien: [], Tranche [] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on [date(s)] 
[die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert werden und 
eine einheitliche Serie bilden] 
issued pursuant to the  
begeben aufgrund des 
EUR 10,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Program 
Dated May 17, 2022 
vom 17. Mai 2022 
of  
der 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
Issue Price: […] percent  
Ausgabepreis: […] % 
Issue Date […]50  
Begebungstag: […]50 
[Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is affiliated with the New York Fed. The New York Fed does not sanction, 
endorse, or recommend any products or services offered by the Issuer.]51 
 
50  The Issue is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery 
date.  
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung 
ist der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
51  To be included whenever the name or acronym associated with SOFR in the name, title, or description of any product 
or service offered.  
Einzufügen, wenn der Name oder das Akronym in Verbindung mit dem SOFR im Namen, im Titel oder in der Beschrei-
bung eines angebotenen Produkts oder einer Dienstleistung enthalten ist.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
[Weder die Emittentin noch die Garantin stehen mit der New York Fed in Verbindung. Di New York Fed billigt, be-
fürwortet oder empfiehlt keine Produkte oder Dienstleistungen, die von der Emittentin angeboten werden.]51

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
Important Notice 
These are the Final Terms of an issue of Notes under the EUR 10,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Program of Frese-
nius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (the Program). These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of 
Article 8(5) in conjunction with Article 25(4) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of June 14, 2017, as amended, and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 
May 17, 2022 [as supplemented by [a] Supplement[s] dated []] (the Prospectus). Full information on Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the 
Prospectus and these Final Terms. The Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available for viewing in elec-
tronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be obtained 
free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent.  
[A summary of the individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]52  
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten Angaben zur Emission von Schuldverschreibungen unter dem 
EUR 10.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programm der Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (das Programm). Diese 
Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 5 i.V.m. Artikel 25 Absatz 4 der Verordnung 
(EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, 
abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt vom 17. Mai 2022 [ergänzt durch [den Nachtrag][die 
Nachträge] vom []] (der Prospekt) zu lesen. Vollständige Informationen über Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA und das Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen sind nur verfügbar, wenn die Endgültigen Bedingungen und 
der Prospekt zusammengenommen werden. Der Prospekt sowie jeder Nachtrag können in elektronischer Form 
auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) eingesehen werden. Kostenlose Kopien sind erhält-
lich bei dem angegebenen Sitz der Emissionsstelle. 
[Eine Zusammenfassung der einzelnen Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
beigefügt.]52  
 
52  Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
Part I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Teil I: EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II, including certain further options con-
tained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:53 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthal-
tenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, ein-
fügen:53 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Conditions) [and the [German] [English] language trans-
lation thereof,] are as set out below. 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Emissionsbedingungen (die Bedingungen) [sowie die [deutschspra-
chige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt.  
[in the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]  
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I (einschließ-
lich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen]  
[in the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] im Fall von Schuldverschreibun-
gen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II (einschließlich der betreffenden weite-
ren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen]]  
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined by referring to the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II, including certain further options con-
tained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch Verweisung 
auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes 
with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the Terms and Conditions) set forth in the Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II]. 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions.  
 
53  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will be 
required where the Notes are to be offered to the public, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in whole or in 
part, to non-qualified investors. Delete all references to Part I B. of the Final Terms including numbered paragraphs and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions.  
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedingungen 
erforderlich ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte Anleger ver-
kauft oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf Teil I B. der Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen entfernen.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die Emissionsbedingungen), zu le-
sen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den Emissionsbedingungen definiert 
sind, haben, falls die Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht etwas anderes bestimmen, dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in 
diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden.  
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs 
and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions.  
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen.  
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes, shall be deemed to 
be completed with the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the 
blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms 
which are either not selected or not completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Conditions). 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Emissionsbedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in 
den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Emissi-
onsbedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Emissions-
bedingungen (die Bedingungen) gestrichen.  
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM (§ 1) 
 
Currency and Denomination  
Währung und Stückelung  
 
 
Specified Currency 
[…] or [symbol] 
(being the lawful currency of 
[…]) 
 
Festgelegte Währung 
[…] oder [Symbol] 
(das gesetzliche Zahlungsmit-
tel in […]) 
 
Aggreate Principal Amount 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[…] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
[…] 
 
Specified Denomination  
Festgelegte Stückelung  
[…] 
☐ 
Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
☐ 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
☐ 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
 
☐ 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
☐ 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
☐ 
Other Clearing System 
Anderes Clearingsystem 
[specify details, including address] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, einschließlich Adresse] 
Global Note54 
Globalurkunde 
 
☐ 
Classical Global Note 
 
☐ 
New Global Note 
 
Interest (§3)  
Zinsen (§ 3) 
 
☐ 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I)  
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
 
 
 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates  
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
[…] % per annum 
[…] % per annum 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn  
[…] 
 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Zinszahlungstag(e) 
[…] 
 
First Interest Payment Date 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[…] 
 
 
Initial Broken Amount(s) 
(per Specified Denomination) 
Anfängliche Bruchteilzinsbetrag(-beträge) 
(für jede festgelegte Stückelung) 
[…] 
 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date 
Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
[…] 
 
Final Broken Amount(s) 
(per Specified Denomination] 
Abschließende(r) Bruchteilzinsbetrag(-beträge)  
(für jede festgelegte Stückelung)  
[…] 
 
Number of regular Interest Payment Dates per calendar year 
Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr  
[… ] 
 
Deemed Interest Payment Date(s) [ ] 
Fiktive(r) Zinszahlungstag(e) 
[…] 
☐ 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II)  
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen  
(Option II) 
 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn  
 
 
54  Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs.  
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
[…] 
 
Specified Interest Period(s) 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n) 
[…] [weeks] [months] 
[…] [Wochen] [Monate] 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
☐ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte folgende Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
☐ 
Floating Rate Note (FRN) Convention (specify period) 
Floating Rate Note (FRN)-Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
[…] [weeks] [months] 
[…] [Wochen] [Monate] 
☐ 
Following Business Day Convention 
Folgende Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
☐ 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Vorhergehende Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 
☐ 
EURIBOR 
 
☐ 
Compounded Daily €STR 
 
 
Observation method 
Beobachtungsmethode 
[Lag method][shift method] 
[Lag Methode][shift 
Methode] 
 
p 
p 
[number of days] 
[Anzahl Tage] 
☐ 
Compounded €STR Index 
 
 
€STR IndexStart 
€STR IndexStart 
[…] 
[…] 
 
€STR IndexEnd 
€STR IndexEnde 
[…] 
[…] 
 
p 
p 
[number of days] 
[Anzahl Tage] 
☐ 
Compounded Daily SOFR 
 
 
Observation method 
Beobachtungsmethode 
[Lag method][shift method] 
[Lag Methode][shift 
Methode] 
 
p 
p 
[number of days] 
[Anzahl Tage] 
☐ 
Compounded SOFRIndex 
 
 
SOFR IndexStart  
SOFR IndexStart 
[…] 
[…] 
 
SOFR IndexEnd  
SOFR IndexEnde 
[…] 
[…] 
 
p 
p 
[number of days] 
[Anzahl Tage] 
Interest Determination Date 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
[number] 
[Anzahl] 
Margin 
Marge 
[…] % per annum 
[…] % per annum 
☐ 
plus 
plus

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
☐ 
minus 
minus 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
Mindestzinssatz 
 
☐ 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
Mindestzinssatz 
[…] % per annum 
[…] % per annum 
☐ 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
Höchstzinssatz 
[…] % per annum 
[…] % per annum 
Day Count Fraction55 
Zinstagequotient 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
☐ 
Actual/360 
 
☐ 
30/360 or 260/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
☐ 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
 
Payment Business Day 
Zahltag 
 
☐ 
Relevant Financial Centers (specify all) 
Relevante Finanzzentren (alle angeben) 
[…] 
☐ 
TARGET 
TARGET 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
 
Maturity Date56 
Fälligkeitstag 
[…] 
 
Redemption Month57 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
[…] 
Early Redemption 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for reason of Minimal Outstanding Principal 
Amount 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringfügigem ausstehendem 
Nennbetrag 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
 
55  Complete for all Notes.  
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen ausfüllen. 
56  Complete for Fixed Rate Notes. 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
57  Complete for Floating Rate Notes only. 
Nur für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a Benchmark Event58
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei EIntritt eines Benchmark-Ereignis-
ses 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a €STR Index Cessa-
tion 
Event 
and 
€STR 
Index 
Cessation 
Effective 
Date59
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines €STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses und €STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
[Yes/No]
 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a SOFR Index Cessa-
tion 
Event 
and 
SOFR 
Index 
Cessation 
Effective 
Date60
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses und SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
Yes/No]
 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders in case of a change of control
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger bei Kontrollwechsel 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
☐ 
Call Redemption Period(s) specified 
Wahlrückzahlungszeitraum/räume (Call) festgelegt 
 
 
 
Call Redemption Period(s)  
Wahlrückzahlungszeitraum/räume (Call) 
[…] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag(beträge) (Call) 
[…] 
 
 
☐ 
Make-Whole specified61  
Make-Whole festgelegt
 
 
Discounting 
Abzinsung 
[annual] [semi-annual] 
[jährlich] [halb-jährlich] 
 
Margin 
Marge 
[margin]% 
[Marge]% 
 
Benchmark Yield  
Benchmark-Rendite 
[relevant time] 
[maßgebliche Uhrzeit] 
 
58  Complete for Floating Rate Notes only. 
Nur für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
59  Complete for Floating Rate Notes only. 
Nur für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
60  Complete for Floating Rate Notes only. 
Nur für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
61 Complete for Fixed Rate Notes only. 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
 
Screen Page 
[HP (setting "Last Yield To 
Convention" and using the 
pricing source "FRNK")] 
[other relevant screen page] 
 
Bildschirmseite 
[HP (Einstellung "Last Yield 
to Convention" und Verwen-
dung der Preisquelle 
"FRNK")] [andere Bildschirm-
seite] 
 
Benchmark Security  
Benchmarkanleihe 
 
 
ISIN of the reference bond used at pricing the Notes 
ISIN der Referenzanleihe, die bei der Preisbestimmung der Schuldver-
schreibungen genannt wurde 
Percentage 
Prozentzahl 
Maturity 
Fälligkeitstermin 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a Transaction Trigger 
Event  
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Transaktions-Ereignis-
ses. 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Event Redemption Amount 
Ereignisrückzahlungsbetrag 
[…] 
 
Transaction 
Transaktion 
[…] 
 
Transaction Trigger Cut-off Date 
Transaktions-Stichtag 
[…] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder  
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers 
 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
[…] 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag(beträge) (Put) 
[…] 
 
Minimum Notice62 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[…] days 
[…] Tage 
 
Maximum Notice (not more than 60 days) 
Höchstkündigungsfrist (nicht mehr als 60 Tage) 
[…] days 
[…] Tage 
 
62  Euroclear and Clearstream require a minimum notice period of [five] days. 
Euroclear und Clearstream verlangen eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von [fünf] Tagen.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
[PAYING AGENT, FISCAL AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT63 (§ 7)  
ZAHLSTELLE, EMISSIONSSTELLE, BERECHNUNGSSTELLE (§ 7) 
 
Calculation Agent 
Berechnungsstelle 
[…] 
[…] 
☐ 
Fiscal Agent acting as Calculation Agent 
Emissionsstelle handelnd als Berechnungsstelle] 
 
NOTICES (§ 12)  
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 12) 
 
Place and medium of publication  
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
☐ 
Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) 
 
☐ 
Website of other stock exchange with respect to which the Issuer 
initiated the listing of the Notes  
Internetseite der Börse, an der die Emittentin das Listing der 
Schuldverschreibungen veranlasst hat 
 
☐ 
Clearing Systems 
 
☐ 
Clearingsystem 
 
AMENDMENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS, JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE (§ 13) 
[Yes/No] 
ÄNDERUNGEN DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 13) 
[Ja/Nein] 
☐ 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed by 
Holders and not in the Terms and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch Be-
schluss der Gläubiger und nicht in den Emissionsbedingungen 
 
☐ 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Terms and Condi-
tions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
 
 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative (specify details) 
Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertreters (Einzelheiten ein-
fügen] 
 
LANGUAGE (§ 15) 
SPRACHE (§ 15) 
 
Language of Conditions64 
 
 
63  Applicable only for Fixed Rate Notes that are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer with payment of a 
Make-Whole Amount and for Floating Rate Notes.  
Nur anwendbar bei Festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldver-
schreibungen vorzeitig zum Make-Whole Betrag zurückzuzahlen, sowie bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibun-
gen.  
64  To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that, subject to any stock exchange or legal require-
ments applicable from time to time, and unless otherwise agreed, in the case of Notes publicly offered, in whole or in 
part, in Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the control-
ling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
Sprache der Bedingungen 
☐ 
German and English (German controlling) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 
☐ 
English and German (English controlling) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
☐ 
German only65 
Ausschließlich Deutsch 
 
☐ 
English only 
Ausschließlich Englisch] 
 
 
 
as the controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal office 
of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es wird erwartet, dass vorbehaltlich geltender Börsen- oder anderer 
Bestimmungen und soweit nicht anders vereinbart, die deutsche Sprache für Schuldverschreibungen maßgeblich sein 
wird, die insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum Verkauf in Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifizierte Anleger 
in Deutschland verkauft werden. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht qualifi-
zierte Anleger die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird eine deutschsprachige Übersetzung der Bedin-
gungen bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA erhältlich sein. 
65  Use only in the case of Notes not publicly offered and/or not intended to be listed on any regulated market within the 
EEA or the UK. 
Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen zu nutzen, die nicht öffentlich angeboten und nicht an einem geregelten Markt 
innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums oder des Vereinigten Königreichs zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
Part II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION66 
Teil II ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
A. Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die an 
der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
[None] [specify details]
[Keine] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer to the public or for the admission to trading 
and use of proceeds67 
Gründe für das öffentliche Angebot oder die Zulassung zum Han-
del und Verwendung der Erlöse 
[specify details]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Estimated net proceeds68 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge  
[…] 
 
[Estimated total expenses of the issue69 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission] 
[…] 
Eurosystem eligibility70  
EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
☐ 
Intended to be held in a manner which would al-
low Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes/No] 
 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" in the case of a 
NGN simply means that the Notes are intended upon is-
sue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper, and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for 
 
66  There is no obligation to complete Part II. of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination 
of at least EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be listed on any regu-
lated market within the EEA or the United Kingdom. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer.  
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II. der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung vollständig auszufüllen, sofern 
diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums oder des 
Vereinigten Königreichs zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin auszufüllen. 
67  If reasons for the offer or use of proceeds are different from the disclosure under "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus, 
they need to be included here. 
Falls andere Gründe für das Angebot oder ein anderer Verwendungszweck der Erträge als im Prospekt unter "Use of 
Proceeds" dargestellt anwendbar ist, ist dies hier anzugeben. 
68  If proceeds are intended for more than one use they will need to be split out and presented in order of priority.  
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität 
der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. 
69  Not to be completed in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
70  Select "Yes" if the Notes are in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper or if the Notes 
are in CGN form and to be kept in custody by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. Select "No" if the Notes are in NGN 
form and are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper.  
"Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und von einem ICSD als common safekeeper 
gehalten werden sollen oder falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben und von Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt gehalten werden sollen. "Nein" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und 
vom common service provider als common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit opera-
tions by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[Ja. Es ist zu beachten, dass die Bestimmung "Ja" im Fall 
einer NGN lediglich bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschrei-
bungen nach Begebung bei einer der ICSDs als gemein-
samer Verwahrer hinterlegt werden sollen, und es be-
deutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldver-
schreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des Eurosys-
tem entweder nach Begebung oder zu einem Zeitpunkt 
während ihrer Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass 
die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligi-
bility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safe-
keeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit op-
erations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satis-
fied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Nein. Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser Endgül-
tigen Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt wurde, können 
die Schuldverschreibungen, sollten die Eurosystemfähig-
keitskriterien für die Zukunft derart geändert werden, 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen fähig sind diese einzu-
halten, dann bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Ver-
wahrer hinterlegt werden. Es ist zu beachten, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit im 
Sinne der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der 
taggleichen Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) 
des Eurosystem entweder nach Begebung oder zu ei-
nem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz anerkannt wer-
den. Eine solche Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB 
abhängen, dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien er-
füllt werden.]

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
B. Information concerning the securities to be offered/admitted 
to trading 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulas-
senden Wertpapiere 
 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
[Common Code 
Common Code 
[…]] 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
Internationale Wertpapierkennnummer (ISIN) 
[…] 
German Securities Code (WKN) 
Deutsche Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN) 
[…] 
[Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) 
Emittenten- und Instrumenten-Kurzname (FISN) 
[…]] 
[Classification of Financial Instruments Code (CFI) 
Klassifikationscode von Finanzinstrumenten (CFI) 
[…]] 
[Any other securities number 
Andere Wertpapierkennnummer 
 
[…]] 
Historic Interest Rates and future performance as well as 
volatility71 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie 
ihre Volatilität 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR][€STR][SOFR] rates and the future per-
formance as well as their volatility can be obtained (not free of 
charge) by electronic means from 
Reuters [EURIBOR01][…] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen [EURIBOR][€STR][SOFR] Sätzen und In-
formationen über künftige Wertentwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
können (nicht kostenfrei) auf elektronischem Weg abgerufen wer-
den unter  
Reuters [EURIBOR01][…] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption 
events 
that 
affect 
the 
[EURIBOR] 
rates
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Mark-
tes oder der Abrechnung bewirken und die [EURIBOR] Sätze 
beeinflussen 
[Not applicable]
[Please see § 3 of the Terms and Conditions]
[Nicht anwendbar]
[Bitte siehe § 3 der Emissionsbedingungen] 
Yield to final maturity72 
Rendite bei Endfälligkeit  
 
 
If different from the issuer, the identity and contact details 
of the offeror of the Notes and/or the person asking for ad-
mission to trading, including the legal entity identifier (LEI), 
if any 
[Specify details]
 
71  Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
72  Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
Gilt nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
Sofern Anbieter und Emittent nicht identisch sind, Angabe 
der Identität, der Kontaktdaten des Anbieters der Schuldti-
tel und/oder der die Zulassung zum Handel beantragenden 
Person einschließlich der Rechtsträgerkennung (LEI), wenn 
vorhanden 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Representation of debt security holders including an identifi-
cation of the organization representing the investors and pro-
visions applying to such representation. Indication of the web-
site where the public may have free access to the contracts 
relation to these forms of representation  
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die Anleger 
vertretenden Organisation und der für diese Vertretung gel-
tenden Bestimmungen. Angabe der Website, auf der die Anle-
ger die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen regeln, kos-
tenlos einsehen können  
 
[Not applicable][Name and address of the Hold-
ers' Representative]
[Nicht anwendbar][Name und Anschrift des ge-
meinsamen Vertreters] 
Resolutions, authorizations and approvals by virtue of which 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
created 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche 
die Grundlage für die Schaffung der Schuldverschreibungen 
bilden  
[Specify details]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C. 
Terms and conditions of the offer of the Notes to the 
public73 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des öffentlichen Ange-
bots von Schuldverschreibungen 
 
C.1  Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and ac-
tion 
required 
to 
apply 
for 
the 
offer 
Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforder-
liche Maßnahmen für die Antragstellung 
[Not applicable]
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt  
 
[Specify details]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Time period, including any possible amendments, during 
which the offer will be open 
Frist - einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während der das 
Angebot gültig ist  
[Specify details]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Description of the application process 
Beschreibung des Prozesses für die Umsetzung des Angebots 
 
[Specify details]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
73  Complete with respect to Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the 
manner for refunding excess amount paid by applicants 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnun-
gen und der Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahl-
ten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Specify details]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount  
of application, (whether in number of Notes or aggregate 
amount to invest)  
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeich-
nung (entweder in Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen 
oder des aggregierten zu investierenden Betrags) 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the Notes and or deliv-
ery of the Notes  
Methode und Fristen für die Ratenzahlung der Schul-
dverschreibungen und ihre Lieferung 
[Specify details]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made 
public 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergeb-
nisse des Angebots offen zu legen sind  
[Specify details]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of  
pre-emption, the negotiability of subscription rights and the 
treatment of subscription rights not exercised.  
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die 
Marktfähigkeit der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der 
nicht ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechte 
[Not applicable] 
[Nicht anwendbar]
 
C.2  Plan of distribution and allotment 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung  
[Not applicable]
[Nicht anwendbar] 
If the Offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or 
more countries and if a series has been or is being reserved for 
certain of these, indicate such series 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zwei oder 
mehrerer Ländern und wurde/ wird eine bestimmte Serie einigen 
dieser Märkte vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Serie 
[Specify details]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted and an indi-
cation whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
Verfahren zur Meldung gegenüber den Zeichnern über den zuge-
teilten Betrag und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor der 
Meldung möglich ist 
[Specify details]
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.3  Pricing 
 
Kursfeststellung 
[Not applicable]
 [Nicht anwendbar]

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
Issue Price 
Ausgabepreis 
[…] %
[…] % 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
Preis zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich  
angeboten werden 
[Not applicable][Specify details]
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber /  
purchaser 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt 
 [Not applicable][Specify details]
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.4 Placing and underwriting 
 
 Platzierung und Emission 
 
Name and address of the coordinator(s) of the global offer and of 
single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or 
the offeror, of the placers in the various countries where the offer 
takes place 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der Koordinatoren des glob-
alen Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots und – sofern der 
Emittentin oder dem Bieter bekannt – Angaben zu den Platzierern in 
den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots 
[Not applicable][Specify details]
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method of distribution 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
☐ 
Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
☐ 
Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
 
Subscription Agreement 
Übernahmevertrag 
 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
Datum des Subscription Agreements 
[...] 
Material Features of the Subscription Agreement: 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages: 
 
Management Details including form of commitment74 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der 
Art der Übernahme  
 
Specify Management Group or Dealer (names and addresses)
Bankenkonsortium oder Platzeur angeben (Namen und Anschriften) 
[…] 
☐ 
Firm commitment 
Feste Zusage 
[…] 
 
74  Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
☐ 
no firm commitment / best efforts arrange-
ments 
Keine feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Be-
dingungen 
[…] 
Commissions 
Provisionen 
 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
[…] 
Selling Concession (specify) 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
[…] 
Listing Commission (specify) 
Börsenzulassungsprovision (angeben) 
[…] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors75 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschafts-
raum  
[Applicable] [Not applicable]
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors76 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich 
[Applicable] [Not applicable]
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilising Dealer/Manager 
Kursstabilisierender Dealer/Manager 
[insert details/None]
[Einzelheiten einfügen/Keiner] 
C.5 Public Offer Jurisdictions77 
 
Jurisdiktionen für öffentliches Angebot  
 
 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
 
 
 
 
 
Jurisdiktionen, in denen ein öffentliches  
Angebot stattfindet 
[Not applicable]
[Luxembourg] [and] [Germany] [Specify 
relevant Member State(s) – which must 
be jurisdiction(s) where the Prospectus 
and any supplements have been pass-
ported]
[Nicht anwendbar] [Luxembourg] [und] 
[Deutschland] [Relevante(n) 
 
75  If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
in-formation document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified. Specifiy "Applicable" if the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document will be 
prepared. 
Im Fall dass die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte darstellen oder die Schuldverschreibun-
gen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und ein Basisinformationsblatt im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum erstellt wird, ist 
"Nicht anwendbar" anzugeben. "Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach 
der PRIIPs Verordung einzuordnen sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
76  If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified. Specifiy "Applicable" if the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document will be prepared. 
Im Fall dass die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte darstellen oder die Schuldverschreibungen 
"verpackte" Produkte darstellen und ein Basisinformationsblatt im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt wird, ist "Nicht anwend-
bar" anzugeben. "Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Ver-
ordnung einzuordnen sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
77  Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public. 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
Mitgliedstaat(en) einfügen – dieser muss 
eine/diese müssen Jurisdiktion(en) sein, in 
die der Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge 
notifiziert wurden] 
D.  Listing(s) and admission to trading 
 
 Börsenzulassung(en) und Notierungsaufnahme 
[Yes/No]
[Ja/Nein] 
☐ 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange  
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapier-
börse  
 
☐ 
Other 
Sonstige 
[specify details]
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Date of admission 
Termin der Zulassung 
[…] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading78
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
[…] 
All regulated markets or third-country markets, SME Growth Market 
or MTFs on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the 
same class of the notes to be offered to the public or admitted to 
trading are already admitted to trading79 
Angabe sämtlicher regulierter Märkte oder Märkte in Drittstaaten, 
KMU-Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen nach Kenntnis der 
Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen Wertpapierkatego-
rie, die öffentlich angeboten oder zum Handel zugelassen werden 
sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind 
 
☐ 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse  
 
☐ 
Other [None] [Specify details] 
Andere [Keine] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
☐ 
not applicable 
nicht anwendbar 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm commitment 
to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, providing liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and description of the main terms of 
their commitment 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen Zusage 
als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und Liquidität 
[Not applicable] [specify details]
 
78  Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
79  In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for 
Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die 
ursprünglichen Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibun-
gen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und Beschreibung der 
Hauptbedingungen der Zusagevereinbarung 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
E.  
Additional Information  
 
 Zusätzliche Informationen 
 
Rating of the Notes80 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
 
[Not applicable] […]
[Nicht anwendbar] […] 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in Ireland and is regis-
tered pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation).][S&P Global Ratings Eu-
rope Limited is established in Ireland and is registered pursuant to 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the CRA Regulation).] [Moody's Deutschland GmbH is es-
tablished in Germany and is registered pursuant to Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA 
Regulation).] [specify other rating agency and whether the relevant 
rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered 
or has applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 Sep-
tember 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regu-
lation).] The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) 
publishes on its web site (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) a list of credit rating agencies regis-
tered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated 
within five working days following the adoption of a decision under 
Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall 
publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Un-
ion within 30 days following such update.
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited hat ihren Sitz in Irland und ist gemäß 
Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und 
des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen (in der 
geänderten Fassung) (die Ratingverordnung) registriert.] [S&P Glo-
bal Ratings Europe Limited hat ihren Sitz in Irland und ist gemäß 
Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und 
des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen (in der 
geänderten Fassung) (die Ratingverordnung) registriert.] [Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH hat ihren Sitz in Deutschland und ist gemäß Ver-
ordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des 
Rates vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen (in der geän-
derten Fassung) (die Ratingverordnung) registriert.] [Einzelheiten 
 
80  Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has been previously published by the rating provider. 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des 
Ratings einfügen, wenn dieses unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäi-
schen Union hat und gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 
über Ratingagenturen (in der geänderten Fassung) (die Ratingver-
ordnung) registriert ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat.] Die 
Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde (ESMA) veröf-
fentlicht auf ihrer Webseite (http://www.esma.eu-
ropa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) ein Verzeichnis 
der nach der Ratingverordnung registrierten Ratingagenturen. Die-
ses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme 
eines Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingverord-
nung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission veröffentlicht das 
aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union in-
nerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Aktualisierung. 
Registration of the Administrator pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation81 
Registrierung des Administrators gemäß der Benchmark-Verordnung 
Benchmark 
[insert name of Benchmark] 
Benchmark 
[Namen der Benchmark einfügen] 
Benchmark Administrator 
 
[insert name of administrator] 
Administrator der Benchmark 
[Namen des Administrators einfügen] 
Registration of the Benchmark Administra-
tor in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the Euro-
pean Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks 
in financial instruments and financial con-
tracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regula-
tion (EU) No 596/2014 (Benchmarks Reg-
ulation) 
[applicable] [non applicable]
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 
of the Benchmarks Regulation] [the transitional provisions in Arti-
cle 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply], such that [insert name 
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain [insert if rele-
vant administrator is located within the EEA: authorization or regis-
tration] [insert if relevant administrator is located outside the EEA: 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence].] 
Eintragung des Benchmark-Administrators 
in das von der Europäischen Wertpapier- 
und Marktaufsichtsbehörde (ESMA) ge-
mäß Artikel 36 der Verordnung (EU) 
2016/1011 des Europäischen Parlaments 
und des Rates vom 8. Juni 2016 über Indi-
zes, die bei Finanzinstrumenten und Fi-
nanzkontrakten als Referenzwert oder zur 
[Zutreffend] [Nicht zutreffend]
[Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin [fällt [Benchmark einfügen] aufgrund 
von Artikel 2 der Benchmark-Verordnung nicht in den 
Anwendungsbereich der Benchmark-Verordnung] [gelten die 
Übergangsbestimmungen nach Artikel 51 der Benchmark-
Verordnung], weshalb für [Namen des Administrators einfügen] 
derzeit keine [einfügen, wenn der betreffende Administrator 
innerhalb des EWR ansässig ist: Zulassungs- oder 
 
81  Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes.  
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
Messung der Wertentwicklung eines In-
vestmentfonds verwendet werden, und zur 
Änderung der Richtlinien 2008/48/EG und 
2014/17/EU sowie der Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 596/2014 (Benchmark-Verordnung) 
erstellte und geführte Register der Admi-
nistratoren 
Registrierungspflicht] [einfügen, wenn der betreffende 
Administrator außerhalb des EWR ansässig ist: Anerkennungs-, 
Übernahme- oder Gleichwertigkeitspflicht] besteht.] 
 
F. 
Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for drawing up 
the Prospectus and the Final Terms82 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung der Emittentin oder der für die Erstel-
lung des Prospekts und der Endgültigen Bedingungen zuständigen Person 
[Not applicable.][The consent to the use of the Prospectus and these Final Terms for the subsequent resale or 
final placement of Notes by all financial intermediaries is given by the Issuer in relation to [Luxembourg] [and] 
[Germany]]. 
The subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by financial intermediaries can be made during the offer 
period. The offer period commences on [●] and ends on [●]. 
[Such consent is also subject to and given under the condition [●].]]  
[Nicht anwendbar.][Die Zustimmung zu der Verwendung des Prospekts und dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
der späteren Weiterveräußerung und der endgültigen Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen durch alle Finanz-
intermediäre wird von der Emittentin in Bezug auf [Luxemburg] [und] [Deutschland] erteilt.]  
Die spätere Weiterveräußerung und endgültigen Platzierung der Wertpapiere durch Finanzintermediäre kann 
während der Angebotsfrist erfolgen. Die Angebotsfrist beginnt am [●] und endet am [●]. 
[Ferner erfolgt diese Zustimmung vorbehaltlich [●].]]  
[Third Party Information 
Informationen von Seiten Dritter  
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified 
any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.  
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgendes: 
(i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und - soweit es der 
Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte - 
 
82  This section only applies to Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
Dieser Abschnitt gilt nur für Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
wurden keine Fakten unterschlagen, die die wiedergegebenen Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestal-
ten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verant-
wortung für ihre Richtigkeit.] 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA represented by Fresenius Medical Care Management AG, its general 
partner  
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA vertreten durch Fresenius Medical Care Management AG, ihrem persön-
lich haftenden Gesellschafter 
 
 
 
_________________________________ 
[Name(s) and title(s) of signatory/ies] 
[Name(n) und Titel des/r Unterzeichnenden] 
 
 
_________________________________ 
[Name(s) and title(s) of signatory/ies] 
[Name(n) und Titel des/r Unterzeichnenden]

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
GUARANTEE 
(GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION) 
 
(ENGLISH LANGUAGE TRANSLATION) 
GARANTIE 
 
GUARANTEE 
der 
 
of 
Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc., Waltham, Mas-
sachusetts, Vereinigte Staaten von Amerika  
 
Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc., Waltham, 
Massachusetts, United States of America 
(die Garantiegeberin) 
 
(the Guarantor) 
zugunsten der Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen 
(die Schuldverschreibungen) der 
 
for the benefit of the Holders of notes (the Notes), 
issued by 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA, Bad Hom-
burg vor der Höhe,  
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA, Bad Hom-
burg vor der Höhe,  
Federal Republic of Germany 
(die Emittentin) 
 
(the Issuer) 
im Rahmen des EUR 10.000.000.000 Debt Issuance 
Programms der Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA 
 
(das Programm) 
 
under the EUR 10,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Pro-
gram of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
(the Program) 
§ 1 
GARANTIE, STATUS 
 
§ 1 
GUARANTEE, STATUS 
(1) 
Die Garantiegeberin garantiert hiermit unbe-
dingt und unwiderruflich im Wege eines selb-
ständigen Zahlungsversprechens gegenüber 
den Gläubigern der im Rahmen des Programms 
begebenen Schuldverschreibungen (die Gläubi-
ger; die Begriffe "Schuldverschreibungen" und 
"Gläubiger" beinhalten, soweit sie in dieser Ga-
rantie verwendet werden und für die Zwecke 
dieser Garantie, alle weiteren Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von der Emittentin gemäß § 11(1) 
der Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschrei-
bungen (die Emissionsbedingungen) begeben 
werden, bzw. alle Gläubiger dieser weiteren 
Schuldverschreibungen) die ordnungsgemäße 
und pünktliche Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen sowie von jegli-
chen sonstigen Beträgen, die auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen zahlbar sind (die Garantie). Diese 
Garantie ist eine selbständige Garantie, die un-
abhängig 
von 
den 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
 
(1) 
The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and ir-
revocably guarantees by way of an independ-
ent 
payment 
obligation 
(selbstständiges 
Zahlungsversprechen) to the holders from 
time to time of any Notes under the Program 
(the Holders and the expressions "Notes" and 
"Holders" as used herein shall, for the pur-
poses of this Guarantee, include any additional 
Notes issued by the Issuer under § 11(1) of the 
terms and conditions of the Notes (the Terms 
and Conditions) and any Holders of any such 
additional Notes) the due and punctual pay-
ment of principal of, and interest on, and any 
other amounts payable under the Notes (the 
Guarantee). This Guarantee shall be separate 
and independent from the obligations of the 
Issuer and shall exist irrespective of the valid-
ity and enforceability of the obligations of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
Emittentin und unabhängig von der Wirksam-
keit und Durchsetzbarkeit der Verpflichtungen 
der Emittentin besteht. 
(2) 
Der Zweck und das Ziel dieser Garantie ist es si-
cherzustellen, dass die Gläubiger unter allen 
Umständen, ob tatsächlicher oder rechtlicher 
Art, und ungeachtet der Wirksamkeit und 
Durchsetzbarkeit der Verpflichtungen der Emit-
tentin oder irgendwelcher anderer Gründe, aus 
denen die Emittentin eine Zahlung nicht leistet, 
die gemäß den Emissionsbedingungen an die 
Gläubiger zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital, 
Zinsen und sonstigen Beträgen bei Fälligkeit der 
jeweiligen Zahlung gemäß den Emissionsbedin-
gungen erhalten. 
 
(2) 
The intent and purpose of this Guarantee is to 
ensure that the Holders under all circum-
stances, whether factual or legal, and regard-
less of the validity and enforceability of the ob-
ligations of the Issuer, or of any other grounds 
on the basis of which the Issuer may fail to ef-
fect payment, shall receive the amounts paya-
ble as principal, interest and other amounts 
payable to the Holders pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions on the due dates as provided 
for in the Terms and Conditions. 
(3) 
Die Garantiegeberin verzichtet hiermit ausdrück-
lich auf alle der Emittentin zustehenden Einreden 
(Einreden des Hauptschuldners), sowie auf die 
Einreden, welche aus einem Anfechtungs- oder 
Aufrechnungsrecht der Emittentin in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen entstehen. Dieser 
Verzicht erstreckt sich nicht auf die Aufrech-
nungseinrede mit Gegenforderungen, die (i) un-
bestritten oder (ii) rechtskräftig festgestellt sind. 
 
(3) 
The Guarantor hereby explicitly waives any 
personal defences of the Issuer (Einreden des 
Hauptschuldners) as well as any defences aris-
ing out of the Issuer's right of revocation 
(Anfechtbarkeit) or set-off (Aufrechenbarkeit) 
with respect to the Notes. This waiver shall not 
apply to any defences relating to any right of 
set-off with counterclaims that are (i) uncon-
tested (unbestritten) or (ii) based on an unap-
pealable (rechtskräftig festgestellt) court deci-
sion. 
(4) 
Die Garantiegeberin stimmt ausdrücklich zu, dass 
die Garantie unabhängig von anderen Sicherhei-
ten ist, welche im Zusammenhang mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen bestellt werden, und ver-
zichtet auf alle Rechte, die aus der Freigabe einer 
solchen anderen Sicherheit entstehen. 
 
(4) 
The Guarantor expressly consents to the Guar-
antee being independent from any other secu-
rity granted in connection with the Notes and 
waives any right which might result from the 
release of any such other security. 
(5) 
Die Zahlungsverpflichtungen der Garantiegebe-
rin aus dieser Garantie werden automatisch fäl-
lig und zahlbar, sofern und sobald die Emitten-
tin eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht bei Fälligkeit der jeweiligen Zahlung ge-
mäß den Emissionsbedingungen leistet. 
 
(5) 
The Guarantor's payment obligations under 
this Guarantee become automatically due and 
payable if and when the Issuer does not make 
a payment with respect to the Notes when 
such payment is due and payable pursuant to 
the Terms and Conditions. 
(6) 
Die Verbindlichkeiten der Garantiegeberin aus 
dieser Garantie sind mindestens gleichrangig 
mit allen anderen nicht nachrangigen und nicht 
besicherten Verbindlichkeiten der Garantiege-
berin, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht 
 
(6) 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this 
Guarantee shall rank at least pari passu with all 
other unsubordinated and unsecured obliga-
tions of the Guarantor, unless such obligations 
are accorded priority under mandatory provi-
sions of statutory law.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
durch zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein 
Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
(7) 
Diese Garantie erlischt nach Maßgabe des § 3 
nach der vollständigen und endgültigen Befriedi-
gung aller nach diesem § 1 garantierten Ansprü-
che (die Garantierten Verpflichtungen). Aller-
dings entfaltet diese Garantie weiterhin volle 
Wirksamkeit, wenn eine Garantierte Verpflich-
tung nur vorübergehend befriedigt wurde oder 
von einem Insolvenzverwalter angefochten wer-
den kann oder anderweitig abgewendet werden 
kann. 
 
(7) 
This Guarantee is discharged (in accordance 
with § 3) upon the full and irrevocable satisfac-
tion of all claims guaranteed pursuant to this 
§ 1 (the Guaranteed Obligations). However, if 
any of the Guaranteed Obligations was only 
temporarily satisfied or is subject to be set 
aside 
by 
an 
insolvency 
administrator 
(Anfechtungsrecht) or can be avoided other-
wise, the Guarantee shall continue in full force 
and effect. 
(8) 
Diese Garantie ist selbständig und unabhängig 
von den Verpflichtungen der betreffenden 
Emittentin oder der Gesellschaft, welche die 
Emittentin gemäß § 10 der Emissionsbedingun-
gen ersetzt hat (die Nachfolgeschuldnerin). Sie 
stellt eine dauerhafte Garantie dar und besteht 
solange fort, bis sämtliche von der betreffenden 
Emittentin gemäß den Emissionsbedingungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Be-
träge, unabhängig von einer vollständigen oder 
teilweisen Zwischenzahlung oder -begleichung, 
vollständig gezahlt worden sind. 
 
(8) 
This Guarantee is independent and separate 
from the obligations of the Issuer or the com-
pany which may have been substituted for the 
same pursuant to § 10 of the Terms and Con-
ditions (the Substitute Debtor). It constitutes a 
permanent guarantee and continues to exist 
until all amounts payable by the issuer in ac-
cordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Notes have been paid in full, irrespective of 
any full or partial interim payment or settle-
ment. 
(9) 
Kein Gläubiger ist verpflichtet, vor einer Inan-
spruchnahme der Garantiegeberin aus dieser 
Garantie gerichtliche Schritte gegen eine Person 
zu ergreifen, andere Rechte geltend zu machen 
oder andere Sicherheiten zu verwerten oder 
Zahlungen von einer Person zu verlangen. 
 
(9) 
No Holder will be required to proceed against 
or enforce any other rights or security or claim 
payment from any person before claiming 
from the Guarantor under this Guarantee. 
(10) 
Diese Garantie ist auf einen Betrag begrenzt, 
der den Höchstbetrag nicht übersteigt, der von 
der Garantiegeberin garantiert werden kann, 
ohne die Garantie, soweit sie sich auf die Garan-
tiegeberin bezieht, nach dem anwendbaren 
Recht in Bezug auf eine betrügerische Übertra-
gung (fraudulent conveyance) oder betrügeri-
sche Abtretung (fraudulent transfer) oder nach 
ähnlichen Gesetzen, die die Rechte der Gläubi-
ger im Allgemeinen oder unter dem anwendba-
ren Recht der Rechtsordnung, in der die Garan-
tiegeberin gegründet wurde, betreffen, unwirk-
sam zu machen. 
 
(10) 
This Guarantee is limited in amount to an 
amount not to exceed the maximum amount 
that can be guaranteed by the Guarantor with-
out rendering the Guarantee, as it relates to the 
Guarantor, voidable under applicable law relat-
ing to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent 
transfer or similar laws affecting the rights of 
creditors generally or under applicable law of 
the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Guaran-
tor.

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
§ 2 
BESTEUERUNG 
 
§ 2 
TAXATION 
Alle in Bezug auf die Garantie zahlbaren Beträge wer-
den ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug an der Quelle für oder 
wegen gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger Steuern oder 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder im 
Namen (1) der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder einer 
dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten Behörde, (2) ei-
ner Rechtsordnung, aus der bzw. über die eine Zahlung 
auf die Garantie geleistet wird, oder einer dort zur 
Steuererhebung ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft 
oder Behörde, und/oder (3) einer anderen Rechtsord-
nung, in der die zahlende Partei errichtet ist oder an-
derweitig als gebietsansässig gilt oder im steuerlichen 
Sinn geschäftlich tätig ist, oder einer dort zur Steuerer-
hebung ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder Be-
hörde (jeweils eine Relevante Steuerjurisdiktion) im 
Wege des Abzugs oder Einbehalts auferlegt oder erho-
ben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder Einbe-
halt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem Fall wird 
die Garantin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (Zusätzli-
che Beträge) zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die 
den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach die-
sem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen ent-
sprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von den Gläubigern erhalten worden wären; jedoch 
sind solche Zusätzlichen Beträge nicht zu zahlen in Be-
zug auf: 
 
All payments of principal and interest made under 
this Guarantee shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by way of deduction or withholding by or on 
behalf of (1) the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, (2) 
any jurisdiction from or through which payment on 
the Guarantee is made, or any political subdivision or 
governmental authority thereof or therein having the 
power to tax and/or (3) any other jurisdiction in which 
the payor is organized or otherwise considered to be 
resident or doing business for tax purposes, or any 
political subdivision or governmental authority 
thereof or therein having the power to tax (each a 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction), unless such deduction 
or withholding is required by law. In that event the 
Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts (the Ad-
ditional Amounts) as shall result in receipt by the 
Holders of such amounts as would have been re-
ceived by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no Additional Amounts 
shall be payable with respect to: 
(a) 
Steuern oder Abgaben, die von einer als Depot-
bank oder Inkassobeauftragter eines Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder auf eine sonstige 
Weise zu entrichten sind, die keinen Abzug oder 
Einbehalt von Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zin-
sen durch die Garantiegeberin darstellen; oder 
 
(a) 
taxes or duties which are payable by any Per-
son acting as custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in 
any manner which does not constitute a de-
duction or withholding by the Guarantor, as 
applicable, from payments made by it; or 
(b) 
Zahlungen, die nicht erhoben worden wären, 
wenn nicht (i) eine gegenwärtige oder ehema-
lige Beziehung zwischen dem betreffenden 
Gläubiger (oder einem Treuhänder, Treugeber, 
Begünstigten, Mitglied oder Gesellschafter die-
ses Gläubigers oder einer Person, die eine Be-
fugnis über diesen Gläubiger verfügt) und einer 
Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion bestehen würde, 
unter anderem in der Form, dass der betref-
fende Gläubiger (bzw. Treuhänder, Treugeber, 
Begünstigte, Mitglied, Gesellschafter oder die 
befugte Person) Staatsbürger einer Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion ist oder war oder dort 
 
(b) 
payments that would not have been so im-
posed but for the existence of any present or 
former connection between such Holder (or 
between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, 
member or shareholder of, or a person having 
a power over, such holder) and any Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction including, without limita-
tion, such Holder (or such fiduciary, settlor, 
beneficiary, member, shareholder or person 
having such a power) being or having been a 
citizen or resident or treated as a resident of, 
being or having been engaged in a trade or 
business in, or having or having had a

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
ansässig ist oder war oder als dort ansässig gilt 
oder galt oder dort ein Gewerbe oder eine Ge-
schäftstätigkeit betreibt oder betrieben hat 
oder dort eine Betriebsstätte unterhält oder un-
terhalten hat, mit Ausnahme von Beziehungen, 
die allein dadurch entstehen, dass ein Gläubiger 
eine Garantie erwirbt, hält oder veräußert bzw. 
eine Zahlung darunter oder in Bezug auf diese 
erhält oder Ansprüche darauf geltend macht; 
oder 
permanent establishment in, a Relevant Tax-
ing Jurisdiction other than any connections 
arising solely from a holder acquiring, holding 
or disposing of, receiving any payment under 
or with respect to or enforcing the Guarantee; 
or 
(c) 
Zahlungen an den Gläubiger oder an einen Drit-
ten für den Gläubiger, falls kein Einbehalt oder 
Abzug hätte erfolgen müssen, wenn die Schuld-
verschreibung zum Zeitpunkt der fraglichen 
Zahlung einem Depotkonto bei einer bzw. ei-
nem nicht in der Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion 
ansässigen Bank, Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut, 
Wertpapierhandelsunternehmen oder Wertpa-
pierhandelsbank gutgeschrieben gewesen wä-
ren; oder 
 
(c) 
payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, 
a Holder where no such withholding or deduc-
tion would have been required to be made if 
the Notes were credited at the time of pay-
ment to a securities deposit account with a 
bank, financial services institution, securities 
trading business or securities trading bank, in 
each case outside the Relevant Taxing Juris-
diction; or 
(d) 
falls der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß (i) einer 
Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen 
Union zur Zinsbesteuerung oder (ii) einem inter-
nationalen Abkommen oder Übereinkommen 
zu einer solchen Besteuerung, bei dem die Rele-
vante Steuerjurisdiktion oder die Europäische 
Union Parteien sind, oder (iii) einem diese Richt-
linie oder Verordnung oder dieses Abkommen 
oder Übereinkommen umsetzenden oder sie 
befolgenden oder zu ihrer Befolgung erlassenen 
Gesetz, oder (iv) dem Luxemburger Gesetz vom 
23. Dezember 2005 erhoben wird; oder 
 
(d) 
payments where such withholding or deduc-
tion is imposed pursuant to (i) any European 
Union Directive or Regulation concerning the 
taxation of savings, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxa-
tion and to which the Relevant Taxing Jurisdic-
tion or the European Union is a party/are par-
ties, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, 
or complying with, or introduced to conform 
with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or un-
derstanding, or (iv) the Luxembourg law of 23 
December 2005; or 
(e) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem Gläu-
biger oder von einem Dritten für den Gläubiger 
zahlbar ist, der einen solchen Einbehalt oder Ab-
zug dadurch rechtmäßigerweise hätte vermin-
dern können (aber nicht vermindert hat), dass 
er gesetzliche Vorschriften beachtet, oder dafür 
sorgt, dass Dritte dieses tun, oder dadurch dass 
er eine Nichtansässigkeitserklärung oder einen 
ähnlichen Antrag auf Quellensteuerbefreiung 
gegenüber der am Zahlungsort zuständigen 
Steuerbehörde; abgibt oder dafür sorgt, dass 
dies durch einen Dritten erfolgt (einschließlich, 
im Falle einer Zahlung durch eine Zahlstelle mit 
Sitz in den Vereinigten Staaten, durch Bereit-
stellung eines vollständigen, korrekten und 
 
(e) 
payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who could lawfully mitigate (but has 
not so mitigated) such withholding or deduc-
tion by complying or procuring that any third 
party complies with any statutory require-
ments or by making or procuring that a third 
party makes a declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption to any tax 
authority in the place where the payment is 
effected (including, in the case of a payment 
by a Paying Agent situated in the United 
States, by providing prior to the receipt of any 
such payment, a complete, correct and exe-
cuted IRS Form W-8 or W-9 or successor form,

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
ausgefüllten IRS-Formulars W-8 oder W-9 oder 
eines Nachfolgeformulars, falls zutreffend, mit 
allen entsprechenden Anlagen); oder 
as applicable, with all appropriate attach-
ments); or 
(f) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem Gläu-
biger oder von einem Dritten für den Gläubiger 
vorzunehmen ist, der einen solchen Einbehalt 
oder Abzug durch die Bewirkung einer Zahlung 
über eine andere Zahlstelle in einem Mitglieds-
staat der Europäischen Union, welche nicht zu 
einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflich-
tet ist, hätte vermindern können; oder 
 
(f) 
payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who would have been able to mitigate 
such withholding or deduction by effecting a 
payment via another paying agent in a Mem-
ber State of the European Union, not obliged 
to withhold or deduct tax; or 
(g) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug für einen Gläu-
biger oder dessen Rechnung vorzunehmen ist, 
der Schuldverschreibungen mehr als 30 Tage 
nach dem Tag, an dem eine Zahlung unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar wurde 
bzw., soweit dies später eintritt, nach dem Tag, 
an dem die Zahlung ordnungsgemäß vorgenom-
men wurde, vorgelegt hat; oder 
 
(g) 
payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is for or on account of the presen-
tation by the Holder of any Note for payment 
on a date more than 30 days after the date on 
which such payment became due and payable 
or the date on which payment thereof is duly 
provided for, whichever occurs later; or 
(h) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß 
§§ 1471 bis 1474 des Internal Revenue Code, 
oder einer geänderten oder nachfolgenden Fas-
sung davon, jeder gegenwärtigen oder zukünfti-
gen Verordnung oder offiziellen Auslegung da-
von, jeder Vereinbarung, die gemäß § 1471(b) 
des Internal Revenue Codes eingegangen wurde 
oder jeder steuerlichen oder regulatorischen 
Gesetzgebung, sowie steuerlichen und regula-
torischen Gesetzen oder Vorgehensweisen, die 
nach einem völkerrechtlichen Vertrag, der zur 
Umsetzung der Bestimmungen des Internal Re-
venue Codes geschlossen wurde, vorzunehmen 
ist; oder 
 
(h) 
payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is required pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue 
Code, or any amended or successor version 
thereof, any current or future regulations or 
official interpretations thereof, any agree-
ment entered into pursuant to Section 
1471(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, or any 
fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or prac-
tices adopted pursuant to any intergovern-
mental agreement entered into in connection 
with the implementation of such Sections of 
the Internal Revenue Code;  
(i) 
jede Steuer, die von den Vereinigten Staaten 
oder einer ihrer politischen Unterabteilungen 
oder Regierungsbehörden auf Zinsen erhoben 
wird, weil ein Inhaber tatsächlich oder konstruk-
tiv 10 % oder mehr der gesamten kombinierten 
Stimmrechte aller Aktiengattungen der Emit-
tentin oder der Garantiegeberin hält oder be-
sitzt; oder 
 
(i) 
any tax imposed on interest by the United 
States or any political subdivision or govern-
mental authority thereof or therein by reason 
of any Holder holding or owning, actually or 
constructively, 10% or more of the total com-
bined voting power of all classes of stock of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor entitled to vote; 
or  
(j) 
jede Steuer, die von den Vereinigten Staaten 
oder einer politischen Unterabteilung oder Re-
gierungsbehörde der Vereinigten Staaten oder 
darin erhoben wird, weil ein Inhaber eine 
 
(j) 
any tax imposed on interest by the United 
States or any political subdivision or govern-
mental authority thereof or therein by reason 
of any Holder being a controlled foreign

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
kontrollierte ausländische Körperschaft ist, die 
eine verwandte Person im Sinne von Section 
864(d)(4) des Internal Revenue Code in Bezug 
auf die Emittentin oder die Garantiegeberin ist; 
oder 
corporation that is a related person within the 
meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Internal 
Revenue Code with respect to the Issuer or 
the Guarantor; or  
(k) 
jede Steuer, die von den Vereinigten Staaten 
oder einer politischen Unterabteilung oder 
Regierungsbehörde der Vereinigten Staaten 
oder darin erhoben wird, weil ein Inhaber eine 
Bank ist, die einen Kredit gemäß einem Kredit-
vertrag gewährt, der im normalen Geschäfts-
verkehr abgeschlossen wurde; oder 
 
(k) 
any tax imposed on interest by the United 
States or any political subdivision or govern-
mental authority thereof or therein by reason 
of any Holder being a bank extending credit 
pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in 
the ordinary course of its trade or business; or 
(l) 
Zahlungen, die aufgrund der Ansässigkeit des 
Gläubigers (oder Begünstigten oder sonstigen 
Empfängers einer Zahlung aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen) in einem nicht kooperativen 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet im Sinne des Gesetzes zur 
Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert oder ersetzt (einschließlich der auf-
grund von diesem Gesetz ergangenen Verord-
nungen) zu zahlen sind; oder 
 
(l) 
payments which are payable by reason of the 
Holder (or beneficiary or other recipient of a 
payment under the Notes) being resident in a 
non-cooperative territory (nicht kooperatives 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet) in the meaning of the 
German Law to prevent Tax Avoidance and 
Unfair Tax Competition (Gesetz zur Abwehr 
von 
Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb), as amended or replaced 
from time to time (including any ordinance 
(Verordnung) enacted based on this law); or 
(m) 
jegliche Kombination der Absätze (a)-(l). 
 
(m) 
any combination of items (a)-(l);  
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im Hinblick 
auf Zahlungen auf die Garantie an einen Gläubiger ge-
zahlt, welcher die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder Perso-
nengesellschaft oder als sonstiger nicht alleiniger wirt-
schaftlicher Eigentümer erhält, soweit nach den Geset-
zen der Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion(en) eine solche 
Zahlung für Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Be-
günstigten bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermögens 
oder dem Gesellschafter der Personengesellschaft zu-
gerechnet würde, der jeweils selbst nicht zum Erhalt 
von Zusätzlichen Beträgen berechtigt gewesen wäre, 
wenn der Begünstigte, Gründer eines Treuhandvermö-
gens, Gesellschafter oder wirtschaftliche Eigentümer 
unmittelbarer Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen 
wäre. 
 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with respect 
to any payment on the Guarantee to a Holder who is 
a fiduciary or partnership or who is other than the 
sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent 
such payment would be required by the laws of the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction(s) to be included in the 
income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor 
with respect to such fiduciary or a member of such 
partnership or a beneficial owner who would not 
have been entitled to such Additional Amounts had 
such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner 
been the Holder of the Note. 
Klarstellend wird darauf hingewiesen, dass die in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland aufgrund von zum Bege-
bungstag geltenden Steuergesetze auf Ebene der Depot-
bank derzeit erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer und der da-
rauf jeweils anfallende Solidaritätszuschlag keine Steuer 
oder sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten Sinne sind, für 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the capital gains tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) currently levied in the Federal 
Republic of Germany at the level of the custodian 
bank 
and 
the 
solidarity 
surcharge 
(Solidar-
itätszuschlag) imposed thereon pursuant to tax law as 
in effect as of the Issue Date do not constitute a tax

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
die Zusätzliche Beträge seitens der der Garantiegeberin 
zu zahlen wären. Begebungstag bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
eine bestimmte Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen 
den Begebungstag dieser Schuldverschreibungen. 
or duty as described above in respect of which Addi-
tional Amounts would be payable by the Guarantor. 
Issue Date means in respect of a particular issue of 
Notes, the issue date of such Notes. 
§ 3 
FREIGABE DER GARANTIE 
 
§ 3 
RELEASE OF GUARANTEE 
Die Verpflichtungen der Garantiegeberin aus dieser Ga-
rantie (aber keine Zahlungsverpflichtung im Rahmen der 
Garantie, die bereits fällig und zahlbar geworden ist) 
werden in folgenden Fällen automatisch und unbedingt 
freigegeben (und gelten von diesem Zeitpunkt an als er-
loschen und unwirksam), sobald die Garantiegeberin 
nicht mehr Verpflichtete unter der Syndizierten Kredit-
linie ist, wobei, sollte unter der Syndizierten Kreditlinie 
eine neue Garantie gestellt werden, die Emittentin si-
cherstellen wird, dass eine Garantie zu den im Wesentli-
chen gleichen Bedingungen auch in Ansehung der 
Schuldverschreibungen zugunsten der Gläubiger gestellt 
wird. 
 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guaran-
tee (but not any payment obligation under the Guar-
antee which has already become due and payable) 
will be automatically and unconditionally released 
(and thereupon shall terminate and be discharged 
and be of no further force and effect) at any time 
when the Guarantor is no longer an obligor under the 
Syndicated Credit Facility, provided that, if under the 
Syndicated Credit Facility, a new guarantee is 
granted, the Issuer will procure that substantially the 
same guarantee will also be granted in respect of the 
obligations under the Notes for the benefit of the 
Holders. 
Syndizierte Kreditlinie bedeutet die syndizierte Kredit-
linie vom 1. Juli 2021 zwischen der Emittentin, der Ga-
rantiegeberin als Kreditnehmer und Garanten, der 
Bank of America Europe DAC, als Verwaltungsagent 
und den darin genannten Kreditgebern (in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung, angepasst, modifiziert, erweitert, er-
neuert und/oder ergänzt oder refinanziert oder er-
setzt). 
 
Syndicated Credit Facility means the syndicated 
credit facility dated as of July 1, 2021 among the Is-
suer and the Guarantor as borrowers and guarantors, 
Bank of America Europe DAC as administrative agent 
and the lenders named therein, (as amended, re-
stated, modified, extended, renewed and/or supple-
mented or as refinanced or replaced from time to 
time). 
§ 4 
BESCHLÜSSE DER GLÄUBIGER — ÄNDERUNGEN DER 
GARANTIE 
 
§ 4 
RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS — AMENDMENTS TO 
THE GUARANTEE 
Falls die Emissionsbedingungen Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
der Gläubiger im Hinblick auf Änderungen dieser Ga-
rantie vorsehen, können die Gläubiger durch einen ge-
mäß § 13 der Emissionsbedingungen gefassten Mehr-
heitsbeschluss Änderungen dieser Garantie in Bezug 
auf die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zustim-
men. Eine Verpflichtung zur Leistung kann für die Gläu-
biger durch Mehrheitsbeschluss nicht begründet wer-
den. 
 
If the Terms and Conditions provide for majority res-
olutions of Holders in respect of amendments of this 
Guarantee, the Holders may consent to amendments 
of this Guarantee by majority resolution passed in ac-
cordance with § 13 of the Terms and Conditions with 
respect to the relevant Notes, provided that no obli-
gation to make any payment or render any other per-
formance shall be imposed on any Holder by majority 
resolution. 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläu-
biger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbe-
schluss der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen 
für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn 
 
Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical condi-
tions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who are

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benach-
teiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
disadvantaged have expressly consented to their be-
ing treated disadvantageously. 
§ 5 
DEFINITIONEN 
 
§ 5 
DEFINITIONS 
Begriffe, die in dieser Garantie verwendet werden und 
in den Emissionsbedingungen definiert sind, haben, so-
weit in dieser Garantie nicht anders angegeben, dieselbe 
Bedeutung wie in den Emissionsbedingungen. 
 
Unless otherwise defined in this Guarantee, terms 
used herein and defined in the Terms and Conditions 
shall have the meaning attributed to them in the 
Terms and Conditions. 
§ 6 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND, SPRACHE, 
ZUSTELLUNGSBEVOLLMÄCHTIGTER UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
§ 6 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION, 
LANGUAGE, AGENT FOR SERVICE AND 
ENFORCEMENT 
(1) 
Form und Inhalt dieser Garantie sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Ga-
rantiegeberin bestimmen sich nach deutschem 
Recht, jeweils unter Ausschluss der Grundsätze 
des Internationalen Privatrechts. 
 
(1) 
This Guarantee, as to form and content, and all 
rights and obligations of the Holders and the 
Guarantor, shall be governed by German law 
without giving effect to the principles of con-
flict of law thereof. 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand für sämtliche im Zusammenhang 
mit dieser Garantie entstehenden Klagen oder 
sonstigen Verfahren ist Frankfurt am Main. 
 
(2) 
The place of non-exclusive jurisdiction for any 
action or other legal proceedings or in connec-
tion with this Guarantee shall be Frankfurt am 
Main. 
(3) 
Diese Garantie stellt einen Vertrag zugunsten 
Dritter im Sinne des § 328 Abs. 1 BGB dar, der 
jedem Gläubiger das Recht gibt, die Erfüllung 
der in dieser Garantie übernommenen Ver-
pflichtungen unmittelbar von der Garantiege-
berin zu verlangen und unmittelbar gegen die 
Garantiegeberin durchzusetzen. 
 
(3) 
This Guarantee constitutes a contract for the 
benefit of the Holders from time to time as 
third party beneficiaries in accordance with 
§ 328(1) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerli-
ches Gesetzbuch) giving rise to the right of 
each Holder to require performance of this 
Guarantee directly from the Guarantor and to 
enforce this Guarantee directly against the 
Guarantor. 
(4) 
Diese Garantie ist in der deutschen Sprache ab-
gefasst und in die englische Sprache übersetzt. 
Die deutschsprachige Fassung ist verbindlich 
und allein maßgeblich. 
 
(4) 
This Guarantee is written in the German lan-
guage and attached hereto is a non-binding 
English translation. 
(5) 
Unbeschadet irgendeiner anderen nach dem 
maßgeblichen Recht zulässigen Zustellungsart 
bestellt die Garantiegeberin hiermit unwider-
ruflich Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA, 
Else-Kröner-Str. 1, 61352 Bad Homburg vor der 
Höhe, Deutschland, zu ihrem Empfangsbevoll-
mächtigten für Zustellungen, Mitteilungen und 
Aufforderungen im Hinblick auf alle die 
 
(5) 
Without prejudice to any other mode of ser-
vice allowed under any relevant law, the Guar-
antor hereby irrevocably appoints the Issuer as 
its agent authorized to receive service of pro-
cess, notice and demand on its behalf with re-
spect to any matters relating to the Guarantee 
(in such capacity, the Process Agent) and 
hereby agrees that any services of process,

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
Garantie betreffenden Angelegenheiten (in die-
ser Eigenschaft der Zustellungsbevollmäch-
tigte) und bestätigt hiermit, dass jede Zustel-
lung, Mitteilung oder Aufforderung im Hinblick 
auf die Garantie, die von einem Gläubiger ge-
genüber der Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA erfolgt, gegenüber der Garantiegeberin 
als wirksam erfolgt gilt. Fresenius Medical Care 
AG & Co. KGaA nimmt ihre Bestellung als Zustel-
lungsbevollmächtigter hiermit an. 
notice or demand in respect of the Guarantee 
made or given by a Holder to the Issuer shall 
be deemed to have been validly made or given 
to the Guarantor. The Issuer hereby accepts its 
appointment as Process Agent. 
(6) 
Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechts-
streit gegen die Garantiegeberin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die Ga-
rantiegeberin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus die-
ser Garantie im eigenen Namen auf der Grund-
lage einer Kopie dieser Garantie, die von einer 
autorisierten Person der Emissionsstelle bestä-
tigt wurde, ohne Vorlage des Originals der Ga-
rantie, zu schützen und geltend zu machen. 
 
(6) 
Any Holder may in any proceedings against the 
Guarantor, or to which such Holder and the 
Guarantor are parties, protect and enforce in 
his own name his rights arising under this 
Guarantee on the basis of a copy of this Guar-
antee certified by an authorized person of the 
Fiscal Agent without presentation of the origi-
nal Guarantee. 
 
Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, im Mai 2022 
 
Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, May 2022 
FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE AG & CO. KGAA 
 
FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE AG & CO. KGAA 
vertreten 
durch 
FRESENIUS 
MEDICAL 
CARE 
MANAGEMENT AG, ihrem persönlich haftenden Gesell-
schafter 
 
represented 
by 
FRESENIUS 
MEDICAL 
CARE 
MANAGEMENT AG, its general partner 
als Zustellungsbevollmächtigte 
 
as Process Agent 
 
 
 
_______________________________________ 
Durch: / By: 
_______________________________________ 
Durch: / By: 
 
 
 
Waltham, MA, Vereinigte Staaten, im Mai 2022 
 
Waltham, MA, United States, May 2022 
FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE HOLDINGS, INC.  
 
FRESENIUS MEDICAL CARE HOLDINGS, INC.  
als Garantiegeberin 
 
as Guarantor

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
_______________________________________ 
Durch: / By: 
 
 
 
Wir akzeptieren die Bestimmungen der vorstehenden 
Garantie ohne Obligo, Gewährleistung oder Rückgriff 
auf uns. 
 
We accept the terms of the above Guarantee without 
recourse, warranty or liability. 
Frankfurt am Main, im Mai 2022 
 
Frankfurt am Main, May 2022 
DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
 
DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
 
 
 
_______________________________________ 
Durch: / By: 
_______________________________________ 
Durch: / By:

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Except as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, the Issuer will apply the net proceeds of the issue of 
each Series of Notes for its general corporate purposes. If in respect of any particular issue there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable.

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
TAXATION WARNING 
THE PROPOSED INVESTMENT DOES NOT ATTRACT A TAX REGIME SPECIFIC TO THAT TYPE OF INVESTMENT. 
HOWEVER, THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES AND/OR 
OF THE ISSUER'S AND/OR THE GUARANTOR'S COUNTRIES OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE 
INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE THEREFORE ADVISED TO 
CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND 
DISPOSITION OF NOTES INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS 
APPLICABLE IN GERMANY AND LUXEMBOURG AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR 
OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO TAXATION.

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Underwriting 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers (as defined herein) and any addi-
tional Dealer appointed under the Program from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a 
specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together, the Dealers). Notes may be distributed by way of public or private 
placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Series 
of Notes will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements under 
which the Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, the Dealers are 
set out in a dealer agreement dated on or about the date of the Prospectus (the Dealer Agreement) and made 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the 
form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the 
Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect 
of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Pro-
gram or in relation to a particular Series of Notes. A subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement) pre-
pared in connection with a particular Series of Notes will typically be dated on or about the respective date of 
the Final Terms applicable to such Series of Notes. 
Description of public offer (if any) and offer mechanics 
If the Notes are publicly offered, the following details have to be inserted under section "Additional Information" 
in the Final Terms applicable to a Series of Notes: conditions to which the offer is subject, time period, during which 
the offer will be open, description of the application process, description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions 
and the manner for refunding excess amount paid by applicants, details of the minimum and/or maximum amount 
of application, method and time limits for paying up the Notes and for delivery of the Notes, manner and date in 
which results of the offer are to be made public, procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the nego-
tiability of subscription rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised, various categories of potential 
investors to which the Notes are offered, process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and indica-
tion whether dealing may begin before notification is made, method of determining the offered price and the pro-
cess for its disclosure, amount of any expenses and taxes specifically charged to the subscriber or purchaser, name 
and address of the coordinator(s) of the global offer and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the 
Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place. 
Selling Restrictions 
1. General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has complied and will comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes the Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material and will 
obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes 
under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such pur-
chases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any other Dealer shall have any 
responsibility therefore. 
With regard to each Series of Notes, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
2. European Economic Area 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as not 
applicable, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will 
be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a)  
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i)  
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;  
(ii)  
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distri-
bution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)  
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient infor-
mation on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required 
to represent and agree, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each a Relevant State), that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a)  
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Articles 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Nonexempt 
Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in an-
other Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that 
any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-
exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on 
the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Articles 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any 
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes, and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
3. United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as not 
applicable, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will 
be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a)  
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or 
(ii)  
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
as amended or superseded (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK law by 
virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b)  
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient infor-
mation on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the 
UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a)  
Approved prospectus: if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes 
may be made other than pursuant to Section 86 of the FSMA (a Public Offer), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Finan-
cial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct 
Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amend-
ment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been com-
pleted by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to 
its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b)  
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Pro-
spectus Regulation as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA;

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
(c)  
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA) 
subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor for any such offer; or 
(d)  
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expres-
sion Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has furthermore represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the pur-
poses of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to 
persons: (A) whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of in-
vestments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (B) who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of their businesses, where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Sec-
tion 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in 
which Section 21 (1) FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
4. United States 
(a) 
With regard to each Series of Notes, each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act, including Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to U.S. persons 
except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration require-
ments of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has not 
offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Note constituting part of its allotment within the United 
States except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). 
Accordingly, each Dealer further has represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor its 
affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed 
selling efforts with respect to any Note. Each Dealer has agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
any Note in bearer form within the United States or to U.S. persons except as permitted by the Sub-
scription Agreement. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any per-
sons acting on its or their behalf have offered or sold or will offer and sell the Notes by means of any 
form of general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Rule 502(c) under the 
Securities Act) in the United States. Each Dealer has further represented, warranted and undertaken 
that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have made or caused to 
be made or will make or cause to be made a public offering of the Notes in the United States. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of any Note within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the regis-
tration requirements of the Securities Act. 
(b) 
From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to make 
the representations set forth in Clause 4.1.16 of the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer (i) acknowledges 
that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accord-
ance with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securi-
ties Act; (ii) has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has not offered, sold or delivered any 
Notes, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes, (x) as part of its distribution at any time or (y) oth-
erwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date, except 
in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S; and accordingly, (iii) further has represented, warranted 
and undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have en-
gaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have com-
plied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) also has 
agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer 
or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during 
the restricted period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii) of Regulation S 
(i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commence-
ment of the offering and the closing date, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S. Terms 
used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
(c) 
With regard to each Series of Notes, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has 
not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or de-
livery of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Notes, other than Notes with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued in accordance with 
the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended) (the C Rules), or in accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
(or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (the D Rules), as specified in the Final Terms. 
In addition, where the C Rules are expressly specified in the Final Terms as being applicable to any 
Series of Notes, Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in 
connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that 
it, in connection with the original issuance of Notes has not offered sold or delivered and will not 
offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes within the United States or its possessions in connec-
tion with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken in 
connection with the original issuance of Notes, that it has not communicated, and will not communi-
cate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such Dealer or such purchaser is 
within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or 
sale of Notes. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules and any successor provisions 
thereto. 
In addition, in respect of Notes issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and undertaken that:  
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during 
the restricted period will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to a person who is 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (y) such Dealer 
has not delivered and will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive 
Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably de-
signed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are 
aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person 
who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as 
permitted by the D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance, and not for the purpose of resale directly or indi-
rectly to a person within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
and if such Dealer retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with 
the requirements of the D Rules (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that 
are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended); 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offer-
ing or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats and con-
firms the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this par-
agraph (d) on such affiliate's behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the 
benefit of the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and 
(iii) of this paragraph (d); and 
(v) 
it shall obtain for the benefit of the Issuer the representations, undertakings and agree-
ments contained in subclauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this paragraph (d) from any person 
other than its affiliate with whom it enters into a written contract (a "distributor" as defined 
in the D Rules, for the offer or sale during the restricted period of the Notes.

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
In addition, each Note issued in accordance with the D Rules will bear the following legend: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME 
TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 
1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA." 
Terms used in this paragraph (d) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and treasury regulations thereunder, including the D 
Rules and any successor provisions thereto. 
Terms used in the paragraphs (a) – (c) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
5. Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, each Dealer has undertaken that it has not offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a Japanese 
Person except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and 
guidelines promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the 
relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, Japanese Person shall mean any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan. 
6. Canada: 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accred-
ited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the 
Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Re-
quirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accord-
ance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, pro-
vided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed 
by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable 
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or 
consult with a legal advisor. 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not 
required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in 
connection with this offering. 
7. Singapore 
The Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, 
the Notes may not be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, nor 
may the Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
subscription or purchase, of any Notes may not be circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to 
any person in Singapore other than: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
amended or modified (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; 
(b) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA and where applicable in accordance with the conditions in Regulation 3 of 
the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018; or  
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of which 
is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each 
of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined in Sec-
tion 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that 
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pur-
suant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA, except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; or 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Secu-
rities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
8. Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading 
venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither the Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
9. Prohibition of sales into Non-Cooperative Jurisdictions  
The Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed to any person resident in a non-cooperative jurisdiction as 
defined in 
(i)  
the German Law to prevent Tax Avoidance and Unfair Tax Competition (Combating Tax Havens Act – 
Gesetz zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb) and as set out in the Ger-
man Ordinance on the implemention of Section 3 of the Combating Tax Havens Act (Combating Tax 
Havens Ordinance – Steueroasen-Abwehrverordnung), and/or 
(ii)  
the EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes of the Council of the European Union, in 
each case as amended from time to time (together the Non-Cooperative Jurisdictions). 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
acknowledge, that the Notes may not be offered and the Prospectus may not be distributed to a person resident 
in a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree that, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
(i)  
to any resident of a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction (which term as used herein means any person resi-
dent in a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction, also including any corporation or other entity organized under 
the laws of or having its place of management in a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction), 
(ii) 
for the benefit of any resident of a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction, and 
(iii) 
to any other person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction. 
This selling restriction shall not apply if the inapplicability of the Combating Tax Havens Act to the Notes issued 
under the Program has been clarified as a result of a change of legislation or by way of an administrative pro-
nouncement.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
their affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Moreover, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer' affiliates 
or Guarantor's or the Guarantor's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relation-
ship with the Issuer and the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by 
entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Program. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Program. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. Interests of persons involved in a specific issue of Notes under 
the Program, if any, will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Authorization 
The establishment and update of the Program and the issue of Notes thereunder have been duly authorized by 
the Issuer. 
The Issuer will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorizations in connection with 
the issue and performance of its obligations under the Notes. 
The granting of the Guarantee has been duly authorized by the Guarantor. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) for the Notes issued 
under this Program to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Program provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges, as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. Notes may further be issued under the Program 
which will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main (Mergenthal-
erallee 61, 65760 Eschborn) (CBF), Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxem-
bourg, Luxembourg) (CBL), and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium) (Eu-
roclear). The appropriate German securities number (WKN) (if any), Common Code and ISIN for each Series of 
Notes allocated by CBF, CBL and Euroclear will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to be

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Documents on Display 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, when 
published, be available free of charge during normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer and 
from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent:  
(i) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
a copy of the Prospectus; 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated herein by reference; 
(iv) 
a copy of any supplements to the Prospectus; and 
(v) 
a copy of the Guarantee. 
Electronic versions of the constitutional documents of the Issuer and of the Prospectus are also available on the 
website of the Issuer (www.freseniusmedicalcare.com).  
This Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Prospectus will be pub-
lished on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
In the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in Luxem-
bourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In 
the case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange or publicly offered in one or more member states of the 
EEA other than Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Issuer (www.freseniusmed-
icalcare.com). 
Third Party Information: 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified 
any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
Available Information 
The Issuer files annual reports on Form 20-F and furnishes periodic reports on Form 6-K to the SEC, including 
financial statements prepared in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards (as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board). We post these reports on our web site (www.freseniusmedical-
care.com) under "Investors – News & publications – Financial reports". The reports may be viewed and printed 
from the web site maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov, which contains reports and other information regard-
ing registrants that file electronically with the SEC. The NYSE currently lists American Depositary Shares repre-
senting our ordinary shares. Our periodic reports, registration statements and other information that we file 
with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document retrieval services.

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
In addition, the Issuer also prepares annual and interim period reports in conformity with IFRS as adopted by 
the EU since 2017. The annual reports contain financial statements examined and reported upon, with opinions 
expressed by, PwC as independent auditors. The Issuer publishes the consolidated annual financial statements, 
according to IFRS as adopted by the EU on its website and through the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), in 
accordance with German laws. These annual and quarterly reports to our shareholders are posted on the Issuer's 
web site at 'https://www.freseniusmedicalcare.com/en/investors/news-publications/financial-reports/'. Except 
for the financial statements listed under "Documents Incorporated by Reference", the Issuer in furnishing its 
web site address in the Prospectus does not intend to incorporate any information on its web site into the Pro-
spectus, and you should not consider any information on the Issuer's web site to be part of the Prospectus.

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The specified pages of the following documents which have previously been published or are published simul-
taneously with the Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF are incorporated by reference into and 
form part of the Prospectus. The page numbers set out below refer to the page numbers in the form of a pdf 
document available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu): 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements (IFRS) of the Issuer as of and for the three 
months ended March 31, 2022, included in the English-language "Interim Report Q1 2022" 
Consolidated Statements of Income  
page 27 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
page 28 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
page 29 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
page 30 
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
page 31 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 32 to 48 
The audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS) of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ended Decem-
ber 31, 2021, included in the German-language "Geschäftsbericht 2021" 
Consolidated Statements of Income  
page 188 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
page 189 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
page 190 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
page 191 to 192 
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
pages 193 to 195 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 196 to 294 
Independent Auditor's Report 
pages 294 to 300 
The audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS) of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ended Decem-
ber 31, 2020, included in the German-language "Geschäftsbericht 2020" 
Consolidated Statements of Income  
page 158 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
page 159 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
page 160 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
page 161 to 162 
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
pages 163 to 165 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 166 to 266 
Independent Auditor's Report 
pages 266 to 272

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. 
The English-language audited consolidated financial statements (U.S. GAAP) of the Guarantor as of and for 
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
Independent Auditors' Report 
pages 1 to 2 
Consolidated Balance Sheets  
page 3 
Consolidated Statements of Income  
page 4 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
page 5 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity  
page 6 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
pages 7 to 8 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 9 to 45 
The non-incorporated parts of such documents, i.e. the pages not listed in the tables above, are either not rele-
vant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in the Prospectus or in a document that is incorporated by reference herein will be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of the Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
herein or in any other subsequently filed document that also is incorporated by reference herein modifies or 
supersedes such statement. The modifying or superseding statement need not state that it has modified or 
superseded a prior statement or include any other information set forth in the document that it modifies or 
supersedes. The making of a modifying or superseding statement will not be deemed an admission for any pur-
poses that the modified or superseded statement, when made, constituted a misrepresentation, an untrue 
statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact that is required to be stated or that is neces-
sary to make a statement not misleading in light of the circumstances in which it was made. Any such statement 
so modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of the 
Prospectus.  
Availability of documents incorporated by reference 
Any document incorporated herein by reference are available free of charge and may be inspected during usual 
business hours on any working day from the date hereof for the whole life of the Prospectus at the offices of the 
Issuer as set out at the end of the Prospectus and will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in the Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from the 
registered office of the Issuer and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference are also available on the website of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and can be accessed by using the following hyperlinks: 
1. 
The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements (IFRS) of the Issuer as of and for the 
three months ended March 31, 2022, included in the English-language "Interim Report Q1 2022" 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/102d42c29d98ee4836b86746d12561f3d7 
2. 
The audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS) of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2021, included in the German-language "Geschäftsbericht 2021" 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10f0377746e0d44756a8b8179af5aa7000

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
3. 
The audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS) of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2020, included in the German-language "Geschäftsbericht 2020" 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10daada60d0662491e894440eff394147a 
4. 
The English-language audited consolidated financial statements (U.S. GAAP) of the Guarantor as of and 
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1010895c93612e4ac6bf41399a98c0d4c2

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
THE ISSUER 
THE GUARANTOR 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
Else-Kröner-Straße 1 
61352 Bad Homburg v. d. H. 
Germany 
Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. 
920 Winter Avenue 
Waltham, Massachusetts 02451-1547 
 United States 
 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany  
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
DEALERS  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, DO2RF29 
Ireland 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Crédit Agricole Corporate  
and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis  
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
as to German law 
Noerr Partnerschaftsgesellschaft mbB 
Börsenstraße 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
as to US law 
Baker & McKenzie LLP  
452 Fifth Avenue  
New York, NY 10018  
United States 
To the Dealers  
 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
AUDITORS 
to the Issuer 
to the Guarantor 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37 
60327 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
101 Seaport Blvd. 
Boston, Massachusetts, 02210 
United States