--- Page 1 ---
FRESENIUS 
Base Prospectus  
May 12, 2023 
 
 
 
 
This document constitutes three base prospectuses for the purposes of article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation): (i) the base prospectus of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA in respect of non-equity securities 
within the meaning of article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation (Non-Equity Securities), (ii) the base 
prospectus of Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company in respect of Non-Equity Securities 
and (iii) the base prospectus of Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company in respect of Non-
Equity Securities (together, the Prospectus). 
 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA  
(Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
and, in respect of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company and  
Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company, 
as Guarantor 
Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company 
(Balbriggan, Co. Dublin, Ireland) 
as Issuer 
Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company 
(Balbriggan, Co. Dublin, Ireland) 
as Issuer 
€15,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Program 
(the Program) 
 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) 
in Luxembourg as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the 
Guarantor or of the quality of the notes issued under the Program (the Notes) that are the subject of this 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Each Issuer has requested the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation and the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated July 16, 2019 (Loi du 
16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières – the Luxembourg Law) to provide the 
competent authority in the Federal Republic of Germany with a certificate of approval attesting that the 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (Notification). Each Issuer 
may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional Member States within the European 
Economic Area with a Notification. By approving a prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as 
to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of each issuer 
pursuant to article 6(4) Luxembourg Law. 
Application has been made to list Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
admit Notes to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg". 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II). However, Notes may 
also be issued under the Program which are listed on a stock exchange other than the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or which are not listed on any stock exchange.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
BBVA 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Commerzbank 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
J.P. Morgan 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
 
This Prospectus and any supplement to this Prospectus will be published in electronic form together with 
all documents incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.LuxSE.com). It is valid for a period of twelve months from its date of approval. The validity ends 
upon expiration of May 12, 2024.  
The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in accordance with article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation 
in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (the Company or the Guarantor, together with its consolidated group 
companies, Fresenius, Fresenius Group or the Group, also referred to as we, us or our) with its 
registered office in Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Federal Republic of Germany, Fresenius Finance Ireland 
Public Limited Company (Fresenius Ireland) with its registered office in Balbriggan, Co. Dublin, 
Ireland and Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company (Fresenius Ireland II) with its 
registered office in Balbriggan, Co. Dublin, Ireland (each an Issuer and together the Issuers) accept 
responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and for the information which will be 
contained in the Final Terms (as defined herein). 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor hereby declare that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such 
is the case, the information contained in this Prospectus for which it is responsible is, to the best of its 
knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.  
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated herein by reference and, in relation to any tranche of Notes (each a 
Tranche), together with the relevant final terms (the Final Terms). Full information on the Issuers and 
any Tranche is only available on the basis of the combination of this Prospectus, any supplement to this 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms.  
Each Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Prospectus contains all information 
with regard to the Issuers, the Guarantor, and the Notes which is material in the context of the Program 
and the issue and offering of Notes thereunder; that the information contained herein with respect to the 
Issuers, the Guarantor, and the Notes is accurate in all material respects and is not misleading; that the 
opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held; that there are no other facts with respect to 
the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Notes, where the omission of which would make this Prospectus as a 
whole or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading in any 
material respect and that the Issuers have made all reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material for 
the purposes aforesaid. 
This Prospectus and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their 
respective dates of issue. The delivery of this Prospectus, any supplement thereto, or any Final Terms 
and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an implication that the information 
contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or 
that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuers or the Guarantor since such 
date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Program is accurate at any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Each Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation or publish a new prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material 
mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus in respect of Notes issued 
on the basis of this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises 
or is noted between the time when this Prospectus has been approved and the closing of any tranche of 
Notes offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any tranche of Notes on a regulated 
market begins in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this Prospectus. 
No person has been authorized to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with 
this Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Program or any information supplied 
by any Issuer or any other information in the public domain and, if given or made, such information must 
not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuers, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the 
Issuers, is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any supplement hereto, or any 
Final Terms or any document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent 
permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for 
the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Final 
Terms come are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. For a description 
of the restrictions applicable in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (the UK), the 
United States of America (United States, U.S. or US), Japan, Ireland, Switzerland, Canada and Singapore 
see "Selling Restrictions". In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and include notes in bearer form that are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered 
in, into nor within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. None of Fresenius, Fresenius Ireland and Fresenius 
Ireland II is a manufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a UK Distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK Distributor subject to the 
UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. None of Fresenius, Fresenius 
Ireland and Fresenius Ireland II is a manufacturer or UK Distributor for the purposes of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
CANADA INVESTORS - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, 
as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or 
in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities 
legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer 
to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for 
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in 
the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 
3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required 
to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in 
connection with this offering.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the relevant Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. If the above mentioned legend is included in the relevant 
Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. If the above mentioned 
legend is included in the relevant Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE (THE SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all 
Notes issued or to be issued under the Program shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
The language of the Prospectus is English. Any part of this Prospectus in the German language constitutes 
a translation. In respect of the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Program, the German text of the 
terms and conditions (the Terms and Conditions) may be controlling and binding if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In respect of the German law governed guarantee (the Guarantee) (including the 
negative pledge contained therein) the German language version is always controlling and binding. 
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person 
to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Prospectus, any supplement thereto and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES UNDER THE 
PROGRAM, THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS STABILISATION 
MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION 
MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR 
EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE MARKET PRICE OF THE 
NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL. 
HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC 
DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES 
IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER 
THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT 
TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE 
RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-
ALLOTMENT 
MUST 
BE 
CONDUCTED 
BY 
THE 
RELEVANT 
STABILISATION 
MANAGER(S) (OR PERSON(S) ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION 
MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
ANY U.S. PERSON WHO HOLDS AN OBLIGATION UNDER THIS PROGRAM THAT IS 
TREATED AS IN BEARER FORM FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES WILL BE 
SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE U.S. INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN CLAUSES 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.  
BENCHMARKS REGULATION - STATEMENT IN RELATION TO ADMINISTRATOR'S 
REGISTRATION – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes offered on the basis of this Prospectus 
may specify that interest amounts payable under the relevant Notes may be calculated by reference to the 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), which as at the date of this Prospectus is provided by 
European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), the Euro short-term rate (€STR), which is provided by the 
European Central Bank (the ECB) or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), which is provided 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the Federal Reserve). As at the date of this Prospectus, 
EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 8, 2016, as amended (the Benchmarks 
Regulation). The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter 
of public record and save where required by applicable law the Issuers do not intend to include in the 
relevant Final Terms any information on the registration status of any administrator. Given that the 
Benchmarks Regulation does not apply to central banks and that the €STR and SOFR are administered 
by the ECB and the Federal Reserve, respectively, €STR and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation as of the date of this Prospectus. 
CURRENCIES - In this Prospectus, all references to €, EUR or euro are to the currency introduced at 
the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union, and defined in article 2 of 
Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of May 3, 1998, on the introduction of the euro, as amended. U.S. 
dollars, USD, or $ refer to the lawful currency of the United States. 
REFERENCES - In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, a 
reference to a law or a provision of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or 
re-enacted. 
RATING - Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating 
and the respective rating agency will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
ESG RATINGS – The Issuer's exposure to Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks and the 
related management arrangements established to mitigate those risks has been assessed by several 
agencies through Environmental, Social and Governance ratings (ESG Ratings). Other than disclosed in 
"5.4 Sustainability" ESG Ratings are not incorporated in, and do not form part of, this Prospectus. ESG 
Ratings are a statement of opinion, not a statement of facts. They provide an opinion on certain 
environmental, social and related sustainability considerations. They are no recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes or to 
enter into any financing agreement. Our ESG Ratings are not indicative of our current or future operating 
or financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on 
which they were initially issued. ESG Ratings may vary as the methodologies or criteria used to 
determine ESG Ratings differ. Currently, the providers of such ESG Ratings are not subject to any 
regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG Ratings. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of ESG Ratings information contained

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
in this Prospectus or elsewhere in making their investment decision. For more information regarding the 
assessment methodologies used to determine ESG Ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency's 
website (which website is not part of, and is not incorporated by reference in, this Prospectus). 
MARKET DATA - To the extent not otherwise indicated, the information contained in this Prospectus 
on the market environment, market developments, growth rates, market trends and competition in the 
markets in which the Group operates is taken from publicly available sources, including, but not limited 
to, third-party studies or the Group's own estimates that are also primarily based on data or figures from 
publicly available sources. The information from third-party sources that is cited here has been 
reproduced accurately. As far as the Issuers are aware and are able to ascertain from information 
published by such third-party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
published inaccurate or misleading. 
This Prospectus also contains estimates of market data and information derived from these estimates that 
would not be available from publications issued by market research firms or from any other independent 
sources. This information is based on the Group's internal estimates and, as such, may differ from the 
estimates made by the Group's competitors or from data collected in the future by market research firms 
or other independent sources. To the extent the Issuers derived or summarized the market information 
contained in this Prospectus from a number of different studies, an individual study is not cited unless 
the respective information can be taken from it directly. 
Neither the Issuers nor the Dealers have independently verified the market data and other information on 
which third parties have based their studies or the external sources on which the Issuers' own estimates 
are based. Therefore, the Issuers assume no responsibility for the accuracy of the information on the 
market environment, market developments, growth rates, market trends and competitive situation 
presented in this Prospectus from third-party studies or the accuracy of the information on which the 
Issuers' own estimates are based. Any statements regarding the market environment, market 
developments, growth rates, market trends and competitive situation presented in this Prospectus 
regarding Fresenius Group and its operating divisions contained in this Prospectus are based on own 
estimates and/or analysis unless other sources are specified. 
The information of any website included in the Prospectus except for the website www.LuxSE.com in the 
context of the documents incorporated by reference, do not form part of the Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinized or approved by the CSSF. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement 
that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results 
and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are 
identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", 
"intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project" and similar terms and phrases, including references and 
assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus containing information on future 
earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding Fresenius Group's business and management, its 
growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuers make to the best of their present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to 
risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including Fresenius Group's 
financial position and operational result, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have 
expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. Fresenius Group's 
business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking 
statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are 
strongly advised to read the following sections of this Prospectus: "2 Risk Factors", "4.1 Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA (Issuer and Guarantor)", "4.2 Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company 
(Issuer)", "4.3 Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company (Issuer)" and "5 Business of the 
Fresenius Group". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact 
on Fresenius Group's business and the markets in which it operates.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not 
occur. In addition, neither the Issuers nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, 
to update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events 
or developments. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Prospectus contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs), such as EBITDA; EBITDA 
adjusted; EBIT adjusted; Net Income, adjusted; Net Income, adjusted, attributable to shareholders of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA; Net Debt; Ratio of Net Debt to EBITDA, adjusted and Net Financial Debt 
as defined in the guidelines issued by ESMA concerning the presentation of APMs disclosed in regulated 
information and prospectuses published as from July 3, 2016, which are not recognized financial 
measures under the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
(IFRS). Fresenius reports these performance measures because it believes they are each a helpful figure 
for evaluating the Fresenius Group's operating performance. The relevant measure reported is not 
necessarily comparable to similar performance figures published by other companies. Such APMs must 
be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial information prepared 
in accordance with IFRS included elsewhere in this Prospectus. Investors are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on these APMs and are also advised to review them in conjunction with the financial 
statements of the Issuers including the related notes.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1. 
General Description of the Program ......................................................................................... 10 
2. 
Risk Factors .............................................................................................................................. 12 
3. 
Presentation of Financial Information ...................................................................................... 46 
4. 
General Information on the Issuers and the Guarantor ............................................................. 47 
5. 
Business of the Fresenius Group .............................................................................................. 71 
6. 
Issue Procedures ....................................................................................................................... 97 
7. 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .......................................................................................... 99 
8. 
Form of Final Terms .............................................................................................................. 217 
9. 
Guarantee ............................................................................................................................... 245 
10. 
Use of Proceeds ...................................................................................................................... 255 
11. 
Taxation Warning ................................................................................................................... 256 
12. 
Subscription and Sale ............................................................................................................. 257 
13. 
General Information ............................................................................................................... 265 
14. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .................................................................................. 267 
15. 
Names and Addresses............................................................................................................. 271

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM 
1.1 
General 
Under this €15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Program, the relevant Issuer may from time to time issue 
Notes to one or more of the following dealers: Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., Banco Santander, 
S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Credit Suisse Bank 
(Europe), S.A., Credit Suisse International, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE, J.P. Morgan SE, and Société Générale, and any additional dealer appointed under the 
Program from time to time by the Issuer(s), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis (together, the Dealers).  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Program (the Arranger). 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch acts as listing agent (the Listing Agent).  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent) and paying agent (the 
Paying Agent). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes from time to time outstanding under the Program 
(the Program Amount) will not exceed €15,000,000,000 (or nearly equivalent in another currency). The 
Issuers may increase the Program Amount in accordance with the terms of the dealer agreement (as 
defined herein) from time to time.  
1.2 
Issue of Notes 
Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II will have the benefit of a guarantee (the 
Guarantee) given by the Company. The Guarantee constitutes an irrevocable, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor ranking pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor.  
Notes may be issued on a continuous basis in Tranches, each Tranche consisting of Notes which are 
identical in all respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a 
single series and are identical in all respects, but which may have different issue dates, interest 
commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments may form a series (Series) of 
Notes. Further Notes may be issued as part of existing Series.  
Notes will be issued in such denomination as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the 
Notes will be, if in euro, €1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such other currency 
of at least €1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in euro or any other 
currency. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price, which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated 
in the relevant Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of 
pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which 
are received by the Dealers during the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only 
be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to 
correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates is calculated in accordance with the International Capital 
Markets Association (the ICMA) method and based on the issue price of the Notes. The ICMA method 
determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms of 
Notes listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg will be displayed on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www. LuxSE.com). In the case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange 
or publicly offered in one or more member states of the EEA (other than the Grand Duchy of

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Luxembourg), the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of Fresenius (www.fresenius.com) under 
the section "Investor Relations". 
1.3 
Distribution of Notes 
The Notes are freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant clearing 
system and may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors. 
Notes will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. 
1.4 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Program to 
be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Program provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges, as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. Notes may further be 
issued under the Program which will not be listed on any stock exchange.

--- Page 12 ---
2.1.1.1 
12 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS  
Before deciding to purchase any Notes, investors should carefully review and consider the following risk 
factors and the other information contained in this Prospectus or incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. The occurrence of one or more of these risks alone or in combination with other 
circumstances may have a material adverse effect on the business and cash flows, financial position and 
operational result of Fresenius, the Company, Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II and may affect 
the Company's and/or Fresenius Ireland's and/or Fresenius Ireland II's ability to fulfill their obligations 
under the Notes and the Guarantee, as applicable.  
The following description is limited to risk factors which the Company, Fresenius Ireland and Fresenius 
Ireland II consider to be specific and material. The Company, Fresenius Ireland and Fresenius Ireland II 
describe only those risk factors they are aware of as of the date of this Prospectus and which could impair 
their ability to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes and the Guarantee, as applicable. 
Investing in the Notes could involve additional risks and uncertainties of which, as of the date of this 
Prospectus, the Company, Fresenius Ireland and Fresenius Ireland II may not be aware, or which, as of 
the date of this Prospectus, the Company, Fresenius Ireland and Fresenius Ireland II may not consider 
material on the basis of their regular risk assessments. The risks to which the business of Fresenius is 
exposed may result in inaccuracies in risk assessments or other forward-looking statements.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors and each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of the investment in light of its own circumstances and financial position. In 
particular, each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes 
and the Guarantee, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information 
contained in this Prospectus; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment 
in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the reference currency of the investor; 
• 
understand thoroughly the Terms and Conditions and the Guarantee; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
2.1 
Risks relating to the Fresenius Group's Business and Industry 
2.1.1 
Overall Economic, Political, Social and Geopolitical Risks 
 Adverse global economic conditions and disruptions in financial markets, in particular 
those caused by international conflicts such as the current war between Russia and 
Ukraine and the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic, could have an adverse effect on 
our businesses.  
Fresenius is dependent on the conditions of the financial markets and the global economy. As of the date 
of this Prospectus, the growing geopolitical instability, which significantly intensified at the beginning 
of 2022, has an impact on the global economic conditions, including international financial markets. In 
particular, the war against Ukraine launched by Russia in February 2022 and the resulting 
macroeconomic uncertainties have had and will continue to have a significant negative impact on our 
business, financial position and operational result. As a provider of life-sustaining medical devices and 
healthcare services, we are continuing our operations in both Russia and Ukraine to the best of our ability 
despite the war and notwithstanding the extensive economic sanctions against Russia and Belarus 
imposed by numerous governments in response to the war as well as the countersanctions imposed by

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Russia. However, we cannot rule out the possibility that operations in Ukraine, Russia, or Belarus may 
be adversely affected by the destruction of assets, expropriation or other official measures.  
In addition to such risks, the highly dynamic situation gives rise to considerable uncertainties, in 
particular due to a further deterioration of the global macroeconomic outlook. Although the direct and 
indirect effects of the war in Ukraine are difficult to assess at present, the macroeconomic inflationary 
environment, including significantly rising prices for energy, leads to, inter alia, cost increases for 
supplies and transportation. The discontinuation of energy supplies from Russia intensified these effects 
and had additional negative consequences for our business. In addition, the war in Ukraine increased the 
risk of cyber-security attacks on our systems and data. Also, our ability to access capital could be 
impacted by increasing volatility and disruptions in the financing markets, as well as by further rises in 
interest rates. An expansion of the war beyond the borders of Ukraine would have significant 
consequences for the whole of Europe. 
Overall, the above-mentioned factors could have further negative impact on our business, financial 
position and operational result. 
In order to pursue its business, the Group is reliant on capital, as are its customers and commercial 
healthcare insurers. Limited or more expensive access to capital in the financial markets could adversely 
affect our businesses and profitability. Among other things, the potential decline in, or redirection to 
other purposes of, federal and state revenues may create additional pressures to contain or reduce 
reimbursements for our services from public payors around the world, including Medicare and Medicaid 
in the United States, and other government sponsored programs in the United States and other countries 
around the world.  
In the United States, changes in the unemployment rate may result in a smaller percentage of our patients 
being covered by an employer group health plan and a larger percentage being covered by lower paying 
Medicare and Medicaid programs. To the extent that payors are negatively impacted by a decline in the 
economy, we may experience further pressure on prices, a further slowdown in collections, and a 
reduction in the amounts we expect to collect. 
Devaluation of currencies and worsening economic conditions, including inflationary cost increases in 
various markets in connection with deteriorating country ratings also increase the risk of a goodwill 
impairment, which could lead to a partial or total goodwill write-off in the affected cash generating units. 
In addition, uncertainty in the financial markets could adversely affect the variable interest rates payable 
under our credit facilities or could make it more difficult to obtain or renew such facilities or to obtain 
other forms of financing in the future. Increasing interest rates would result in higher interest expense 
and additional strain on our cash flow impairing our ability to repay debt. Furthermore, Fresenius is 
exposed to volatility in the global banking sector. During the first months of 2023, uncertainty in the 
financing markets has temporarily increased due to difficulties of certain US regional banks such as 
Silicon Valley Bank, as well as of the globally systemically important bank Credit Suisse, which was 
rescued by central bank liquidity aid and the announced takeover by UBS. 
The global COVID-19 pandemic also continued to have a significant impact on our business in 2022. It 
was characterized by regional differences in the development of the COVD-19 pandemic with 
persistently high infection rates overall and the associated shortage of resources. The further development 
of the global situation remains uncertain and depends on the extent of the spread of new virus variants 
and associated local lockdowns.  
Negative effects on our business could be caused, for example, by a continuing or increasing excess 
mortality of our dialysis patients, restrictions on the business activities of our suppliers, customers and 
ourselves, including our personnel, resulting from regulatory requirements, orders and conditions at 
regional, national or international level. The unavailability of crucial manpower and increased costs, e.g. 
due to protective measures in our dialysis clinics, hospitals and production facilities, could also have a 
negative impact on our business, particularly if prices for our products and services remain unchanged 
or cannot be adjusted sufficiently to reflect increased costs for energy and material supply as well as 
personnel. 
Any or all of these factors, or other consequences of the continuation, or worsening, of domestic and 
global economic conditions, which as of the date of this Prospectus cannot be predicted, could adversely 
affect our businesses and operational result.

--- Page 14 ---
2.1.1.2 
2.1.1.3 
14 
 
 Market developments and government actions, including regarding sovereign debt, could 
adversely affect our business, financial position, operational result, and liquidity. 
Global markets and economic conditions have in the past years repeatedly been negatively impacted by 
concerns regarding the ability of certain European Union member states and other countries to service 
their sovereign debt obligations. If the fiscal obligations of these countries continue to exceed their fiscal 
revenue, taking into account the reactions of the credit and swap markets, the ability of such countries to 
service their debt in a cost-efficient manner or to meet their other obligations could be impaired. The 
continued uncertainty over the outcome of various international financial support programs and the 
possibility that other countries may experience similar financial pressures could further disrupt global 
markets. In addition, current or worsening economic conditions, including as consequence of the 
COVID-19 pandemic or the war between Russia and Ukraine, could adversely affect the ability of our 
customers, including governments, to pay for our services, products, and amount spent on healthcare 
generally. We have exposure to government obligations, principally for accounts receivable from public 
healthcare organizations in such countries. Continued adverse conditions in these countries for an 
extended period of time could adversely affect collection of our accounts receivable in these countries 
and require us to re-evaluate the collectability and valuation of our receivables, which could result in 
credit losses and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, operational result, and 
liquidity. 
 We face specific risks from international operations. 
Our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including but not limited to the following:  
• 
the economic situation in certain countries could deteriorate or become unstable;  
• 
inflation rates could further accelerate and even may require hyperinflation accounting, as 
we need to apply for Argentina, Lebanon and Türkiye for example; 
• 
fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect profitability;  
• 
we could face difficulties in enforcing and collecting accounts receivable under some 
countries' legal systems; 
• 
we could be negatively impacted by the ability of certain countries to service their 
sovereign debt obligations;  
• 
local regulations could restrict our ability to obtain a direct ownership interest in healthcare 
clinics or other operations;  
• 
political, social, or economic instability, especially in developing and newly industrializing 
countries, could disrupt our operations;  
• 
some customers and governments could increase their payment cycles, with resulting 
adverse effects on our cash flow;  
• 
some countries could impose additional or higher taxes, for example resulting from the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) initiatives for the 
reallocation of taxation rights and the introduction of a global minimum tax, or for example 
higher corporate taxes in the United States implemented by the Biden Administration, or 
fees or restrict the import of our products; 
• 
potential increases in tariffs and trade barriers that could result for example from 
withdrawal by the United States or other countries from unions; 
• 
we could fail to receive or could lose required licenses, certifications, or other regulatory 
approvals for the operation of subsidiaries or dialysis clinics, production facilities, sale of 
equipment, products, or services or acquisitions;

--- Page 15 ---
2.1.1.4 
2,1.2.1 
15 
 
• 
civil unrest, armed conflict, or outbreaks of disease (e.g., pandemics, such as the one 
caused by COVID-19) in one or more countries in which we have material operations or 
material product revenue;  
• 
difficulty in managing geographically widespread operations;  
• 
different or less robust regulatory regimes controlling the protection of our intellectual 
property;  
• 
natural disasters, infrastructure disruptions, terrorist attacks, or other unforeseen events; 
and  
• 
transportation delays or interruptions as well as supply chain challenges. 
In addition, changes made to requirements and regulations by regulatory authorities, such as those 
affecting our production processes, can lead to lower production volumes during any transitional period 
or jeopardize production. 
International growth and expansion into emerging markets, such as Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and 
Africa, could cause us difficulty due to greater regulatory barriers than in the United States or Western 
Europe, the necessity of adapting to new regulatory systems, and problems related to entering new 
markets with different economic, social, legal, and political systems and conditions. For example, 
unstable political conditions or civil unrest could negatively impact our operations and sales in a region 
or our ability to collect receivables or reimbursements or operate or execute projects in a region. Our 
Group has, on occasion in the past, been forced to postpone or discontinue certain projects due to the 
occurrence of events that resulted in an unacceptable level of risk to our personnel, and no assurance can 
be given that such events will not occur in the future.  
In addition, our expanding geographical footprint increases the risk that our hospitals, clinics and 
manufacturing facilities may be forced to shut down or may be unable to operate at full capacity as a 
result of natural or other catastrophes. A significant disruption at any of these facilities, even on a short-
term basis, could impair our ability to treat patients or to produce and ship our products to the market on 
a timely basis. 
Any one or more of these or other factors could increase our costs, reduce our revenue, or disrupt our 
operations, including our ability to treat patients or produce and ship our products to the market on a 
timely basis, with possible material adverse effects on our business, financial position and operational 
result. 
 We face risks and uncertainties from emerging markets. 
We intend to expand further in emerging markets, such as Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Africa. We 
expect that revenue from countries outside of Europe and North America will account for an increasing 
portion of our revenue in the future. Emerging market economies can entail risks not commonly 
encountered in developed countries. These risks include, but are not limited to, underdeveloped or 
unstable political, legal and regulatory regimes, inconsistent enforcement of laws and regulations, limited 
or unreliable infrastructure, and a higher risk of conflict. Any one of these or other factors relating to our 
operations in emerging markets could increase our costs, reduce our revenue, or disrupt our operations, 
with possible material adverse effects on our business, financial position and operational result. 
2.1.2 
Risks in the Healthcare Sector 
 Changes in reimbursement and/or governmental regulations for healthcare could 
materially decrease our revenue and operating profit.  
We receive reimbursement for our healthcare services from both public, government-sponsored payors 
and private, commercial payors. A significant amount of the consolidated revenue of our Fresenius 
Medical Care business segment (Fresenius Medical Care) results from Medicare and Medicaid 
reimbursement. For example, in 2022, approximately 26% of Fresenius Medical Care's global revenue 
was attributable to reimbursements from the U.S. federal healthcare benefit programs Centers of

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). Changes in legislation or reimbursement practices, such as 
those relating to the end-stage renal disease (ESRD) Prospective Payment System (PPS), physician and 
clinical laboratory fee schedules, and the billing system for ambulatory surgical clinics, could affect both 
the level of Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement for services and the level of insurance coverage. A 
reduction in reimbursement rates, reimbursed services or changes in standards, regulations and 
government funding in countries in which we operate could adversely affect our revenue and profitability 
and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and operational result. 
Based on the Budget Control Act of 2011, reimbursement by Medicare for dialysis treatment is provided 
under a PPS, which bundles particular products and services into one reimbursement rate. Due to pressure 
to reduce healthcare costs, increases in the reimbursement rate by the U.S. government have been limited.  
As part of the PPS, Fresenius Medical Care's dialysis clinics in the United States participate in the Quality 
Improvement Program (QIP). Medicare reimbursement benefits can be reduced by up to 2% based on 
the previous year's benefits if clinics do not meet the quality standards of the QIP. Underlying quality 
measures are reviewed, extended, and amended annually by the CMS. A material failure by Fresenius 
Medical Care to achieve the minimum client quality standards under the QIP could materially and 
adversely affect business, financial position, and operational result.  
Through value and risk-based agreements and risk care programs, Fresenius Medical Care assumes the 
risk of both medical and administrative costs for certain patients in return for fixed periodic payments or 
set benchmark targets from governmental and commercial insurers. As of the date of this Prospectus, 
Fresenius Medical Care participates in various value and risk-based care programs, including: 
(i) 
the CMS Comprehensive ESRD Care Initiative;  
(ii) 
the treatment choices model for patients with chronic kidney failure (ESRD Treatment Choices 
Model), which was launched on January 1, 2021; 
(iii) 
the Comprehensive Kidney Care Contracting (CKCC) model; and 
(iv) 
sub-capitation or remuneration agreements with commercial insurers in which Fresenius 
Medical Care receives a fixed fee to cover all or a defined portion of the medical costs of a 
defined population of patients. 
In the CKCC model, healthcare providers can take on financial risks to varying degrees by forming a 
Kidney Care Entity (KCE). This entity assumes responsibility for the overall cost and quality of care for 
Medicare patients with stage 4 and 5 chronic kidney failure and Medicare patients with ESRD. The 
implementation period for the CKCC model began on October 15, 2020, on a no-risk basis, and Fresenius 
Medical Care began participation in the first performance year of the CKCC model on January 1, 2022, 
at which time each participating entity starts to assume financial risk. Fresenius Medical Care does not 
yet know whether it and its partners will be able to deliver better health outcomes while lowering CMS' 
costs. 
CMS relied on authority granted by the Affordable Care Act (ACA) to implement the Comprehensive 
ESRD Care Model and the Bundled Payments for Care Improvement (BPCI), which seeks to deliver 
better health outcomes for ESRD patients while lowering CMS' costs. Efforts to abolish or replace the 
ACA have not been successful. 
The reserves that Fresenius Medical Care establishes for health insurance policy benefits and other 
contractual rights and benefits are based upon assumptions and judgements concerning a number of 
factors, including trends in healthcare costs, expenses, general economic conditions and other factors. To 
the extent the actual claims experience is less favorable than estimated based on Fresenius Medical Care's 
underlying assumptions, incurred losses would increase, and future earnings could be adversely affected.  
Fresenius Medical Care receives reimbursement for the treatment of Medicare patients based upon the 
ESRD PPS rates as determined by CMS. CMS subjects a base ESRD PPS payment rate to case-mix 
adjustments that take into account individual patient characteristics. The annually adjusted rates may not 
provide fully compensating reimbursement for the services or products consumed during service.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Pharmaceuticals included within the bundled rate are subjected to increased reimbursement pressure in 
comparison to the pharmaceuticals reimbursed outside the bundle. In some cases, pharmaceuticals that 
were reimbursed outside of the bundle are transitioned for inclusion within the bundle. If Fresenius 
Medical Care is unable to secure appropriate reimbursement arrangements for the pharmaceuticals it 
provides in its dialysis clinics, Fresenius Medical Care could experience a material adverse effect on its 
operational result. 
Further, an increased utilization of bundled pharmaceuticals or decreases in reimbursement for 
pharmaceuticals outside the bundled rate may result in a material adverse impact on Fresenius Medical 
Care's operational result. Fresenius Medical Care is also subject to audits and reviews by enforcement 
authorities, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), for compliance with applicable 
drug regulations. These audits or reviews may impact Fresenius Medical Care's participation in Medicare 
and Medicaid programs, the imposition of potential fines or penalties as well as oversight or recalibration 
of processes and procedures which may have a material adverse impact on Fresenius Medical Care's 
business and operational result. 
Fresenius Medical Care's profitability in its value and risk-based agreements and insurance products is 
dependent in part upon the ability to contract on favorable terms with hospitals, physicians, and other 
healthcare providers. The failure to maintain or to secure cost-effective healthcare provider contracts may 
result in a loss of beneficiaries or higher medical costs, which could adversely affect our business. 
Government reimbursement programs generally pay less than private insurance. In addition, Fresenius 
Medical Care may experience higher write-offs of Medicare deductibles and other amounts due to 
uninsured and underinsured patients, resulting in an increase in uncollectible accounts. As a result, the 
payments Fresenius Medical Care receives from private payors generate a substantial portion of the 
profits Fresenius Medical Care reports. 54% of Fresenius Medical Care's U.S. patient service revenues 
were attributable to private payors in 2022. 
Any of the following events, among others, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
position and operational result:  
• 
we may be subject to reductions in reimbursement from private payors; 
• 
we may experience a reduction in Fresenius Medical Care's ability to obtain commercially 
insured patients to utilize our healthcare services; 
• 
efforts by private payors to continue to control the cost of and/or the eligibility for access 
to healthcare services, in particular relatively to products on and off the healthcare 
exchanges established by the ACA and potential efforts by employer group health plans 
and commercial insurers to make dialysis reimbursement payments at a lower "out-of-
network" rate as a result of the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in Marietta Memorial Hospital 
Employee Health Benefit Plan v. DaVita Inc., No. 20-1641 (Oct. Term 2021), decided 
June 21, 2022, particularly if the U.S. Congress fails to enact proposed legislation that 
would reverse the effects of that decision, may reduce reimbursement for our services or 
eliminate reimbursement for some of our services; 
• 
a portion of Fresenius Medical Care's business that, as of the date of this Prospectus, is 
reimbursed by private insurers or hospitals may become reimbursed by integrated care 
organizations, which may use payment methodologies that reduce reimbursement for 
Fresenius Medical Care's services; there can be no assurance that we can achieve future 
price increases from private insurers and integrated care organizations offering private 
insurance coverage to our patients; 
• 
if legislative or regulatory efforts or litigation to restrict or eliminate the charitable funding 
of patient insurance premiums are successful, our patients with coverage under publicly 
funded programs like Medicare may be unable to continue to pay the premiums for that 
coverage and may become uninsured for dialysis services; in addition, a portion of our 
patients who are currently covered by private insurers may be unable to continue to pay 
the premiums for that coverage and may become uninsured for dialysis services or may

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
elect to transition to government funded reimbursement programs that reimburse us at 
lower rates for our services; 
• 
termination of the public health emergency originally declared in January 2020 with 
respect to the COVID-19 pandemic, which U.S. President Biden has announced will occur 
on May 11, 2023 and, commencing April 1, 2023, state termination of Medicaid coverage 
that was expanded during the public health emergency, either or both of which, among 
other consequences, could reduce Medicaid coverage for many Americans, resulting in an 
increase in the uninsured dialysis patient population;  
• 
if we are unable to secure appropriate reimbursement arrangements for the pharmaceuticals 
we provide in our dialysis clinics, we could experience a material adverse effect on our 
operating results. An increased utilization of bundled pharmaceuticals, as part of the ESRD 
PPS, or decreases in reimbursement for pharmaceuticals outside the bundled rate may 
result in a material adverse impact on our operational result. 
In addition to the foregoing factors, the healthcare insurance industry is experiencing continuing 
consolidation among insurers and pharmacy benefit managers, including increasing buyer power and 
impacts on referral streams. This may have an adverse impact on Fresenius Medical Cares' ability to 
negotiate favorable coverage terms and commercially reasonable rates with such insurers.  
Changes in reimbursement from government and private insurers for Fresenius Medical Care's entire 
product and service portfolio in the United States could have a material adverse effect on its business and 
operational result. 
Furthermore, our business segment Fresenius Helios derives significant portions of its revenues from 
government reimbursement programs. A case-based reimbursement system for hospitals (based on 
diagnosis related groups or DRG) was introduced in Germany in 2003 for inpatients. This scheme, which 
phased in and was fully implemented in 2010, replaced the former composite scheme of mostly 
departmental per diem payments and a small share of case-based payments. Under the case-based 
reimbursement system, hospitals receive a flat fee per patient (more exactly for an inpatient case of the 
patient). The fee takes into account the individual conditions of each patient by evaluating the patient's 
principal and secondary diagnoses, age, the procedures undertaken on the patient, and the patient's 
discharge status. Hospitals receive additional payments for some specific services provided based on the 
procedure. Essentially, the DRG system is intended to increase efficiency in hospitals and reduce 
expenses in the healthcare system. To a considerable extent, occupancy in the hospitals is provided by 
statutory health insurance funds and pension insurance institutions. The continuation of contracts with 
these institutions therefore influences the success of Helios Germany. 
As part of the Nursing Personnel Strengthening Act (Pflegepersonalstärkungsgesetz – PpSG), nursing 
costs were removed from the flat rates per case (DRG) from 2020 and the costs of patient-centered care 
were reimbursed in full by the health insurance funds via separate care budgets. As early as 2021, each 
additional or increased bedside care position was fully refinanced by payers, and the care budget's 
inclusion criteria were changed. As negotiations with the payers on the care budgets have largely not yet 
been concluded, this gives rise to a potential risk to Fresenius Group's business, financial position and 
operational result. The allocation of nursing staff to the care budget has been adjusted to the current 
definitions of nursing specialist and nursing assistant or other professions in the Nursing Staff Lower 
Limits Ordinance (Verordnung zur Festlegung von Personaluntergrenzen in pflegeintensiven Bereichen 
in Krankenhäusern – PpUGV). For the 2022 care budget, the personnel costs of the occupational groups 
nursing specialist and nursing assistant (nursing assistant, physician assistant, anesthesia technician, 
emergency paramedic, nursing and geriatric nursing assistant) were fully included in the care budget. 
Digital and technical measures that reduce or support nursing activities were included in the care budget 
(4% of the total care budget). If Fresenius Helios is unable to obtain the same level of reimbursements 
as before the changes mentioned above this could have an adverse effect on Fresenius Helios' operational 
result.  
In the German market, Helios Germany is observing a general trend towards outpatient treatment, which 
could lead to lower case number growth for inpatient treatments. To take account of this trend, Helios 
Germany is expanding outpatient services in a separate division. If Helios Germany does not succeed in

--- Page 19 ---
2.1.2.2 
19 
 
sustainably adapting its business model through appropriate measures, this could lead to a decline in case 
numbers and have a material adverse effect on our business and operating profit. 
As a result of the acquisition of IDC Salud Holding S.L.U. (Quirónsalud), Fresenius Helios operates 
hospitals in Spain, among other things, via public-private partnership (PPP) contracts, among other 
methods. These hospitals are part of the public healthcare system in Spain. Quirónsalud receives 
remuneration in the form of a per capita flat rate or a fee for the respective service provided. If 
Quirónsalud loses the concession to operate hospitals under PPP contracts or obtains poorer terms in 
renegotiations with public or private insurers, or if the hospitals are unable to offset lower reimbursement 
rates through cost savings, this may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and 
operational result.  
Savings in the reimbursement of healthcare services may also have a negative impact on the sales prices 
of Fresenius Kabi's products. 
Changes in legislation, reimbursement practices and healthcare programs could affect the scope of 
reimbursement for services, the scope of insurance coverage and the product business. This could have 
a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and operational result. 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry such that the potential for legislative reform 
provides uncertainty and potential threats to our operating models and operational 
result. 
The delivery of healthcare services and products is highly regulated in most of the countries in which we 
operate. Proposals for legislative reform in these countries are often introduced to improve access to care, 
address quality of care issues and manage costs of the healthcare system. The previous U.S. 
administration had publicly announced its intention to implement significant changes to existing 
healthcare programs, including new payment models designed to encourage earlier detection and 
treatment of kidney disease and to strengthen home dialysis and transplantation. Efforts to repeal or 
replace the ACA have not been successful and the current U.S. administration has announced its intention 
to continue and expand ACA. In addition, variations on restructuring the Medicare program into a defined 
contribution "premium support" model and converting Medicaid funding into "block grants" or per capita 
arrangement that could provide greater flexibility for states are also under consideration. Changes of this 
nature could have significant effects on our businesses.  
The U.S. administration also announced its decision to end subsidies, known as cost-sharing reduction 
(CSR) payments, to health insurance companies to help pay out-of-pocket costs of low-income 
Americans, in 2017. Some private insurers have stated that they will need much higher premiums and 
may withdraw from the insurance exchanges created under the ACA if the subsidies were eliminated. 
The Biden Administration's budget request to the U.S. Congress for 2023 included appropriations for 
CSR payments, although the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023, which will fund the federal 
government during 2023, did not include specific CSR appropriations. It is not possible to predict the 
outcome of ongoing litigation on this matter. As a result, significant increases in insurance premiums and 
a reduction in the availability of insurance through such exchanges could reduce the number of Fresenius 
Medical Care's privately insured patients and shift such patients to Medicare and Medicaid. In addition, 
the United States Supreme Court's recent ruling in Marietta Memorial Hospital Employee Health Benefit 
Plan, et al. v. DaVita Inc. et al. No. 20-1641 (Marietta) will make it easier for health plans to design plan 
benefits for Medicare eligible ESRD patients in a way that makes private health insurance relatively less 
attractive to ESRD patients and Medicare relatively more attractive. In the Marietta case, the questions 
presented involved whether the health plan violated the Medicare Secondary Payor Act (MSPA) by 
"taking into account" that plan beneficiaries are eligible for Medicare and/or by "differentiating" between 
the benefits that the plan offers to patients with dialysis versus others. On June 21, 2022, the United 
States Supreme Court reversed the Sixth Circuit decision and held that the employee group health plan 
(EGHP) for Marietta Memorial Hospital did not violate the MSPA. 
Because Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates are generally lower than the reimbursement rates 
paid by private insurers, a shift of privately insured patients to Medicare and Medicaid could have a 
material adverse impact on our business, financial position, and operational result.

--- Page 20 ---
2.1.2.3 
2.1.2.4 
2.1.2.5 
20 
 
Further federal or state legislation or regulations may be enacted in the future through a public 
referendum process in the United States that could substantially modify or reduce the amounts paid for 
services and products offered by us and our subsidiaries and/or implement new or alternative operating 
models and payment models that could present more risk to our healthcare service operations. If 
successful, ballot initiatives introduced at the state level in the United States can force a vote of all state 
citizens to directly adopt or reject proposed new legislation. These ballot initiatives require a material 
commitment of resources by us to participate in public discourse regarding the proposed new legislation 
underlying the initiatives, which if passed, could further regulate clinic staffing requirements, state 
inspection requirements and margins on commercial business. State regulation at this level would 
introduce an unprecedented level of oversight and additional expense at the clinic level which could have 
a material adverse effect on our business in the impacted states. While there is uncertainty regarding the 
passage and scope of these ballot initiatives, if some form of restrictive dialysis-related legislation passes 
at the state level, such action could have a material adverse impact on our business. It is also possible 
that statutes may be adopted or regulations may be promulgated in the future that impose additional 
eligibility requirements for participation in the federal and state healthcare programs. Such new 
legislation or regulations could, depending upon the detail of the provisions, have adverse effects, 
possibly material, on our businesses and operational result. 
 Any material disruption in U.S. federal government operations and funding could have a 
material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings, cash flows and financial position. 
A substantial portion of our revenues is dependent on federal healthcare program reimbursement, and 
any disruptions in federal government operations could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, 
earnings and cash flows. If the U.S. government defaults on its debt, there could be broad macroeconomic 
effects that could raise our cost of borrowing funds, and delay or prevent our future growth and 
expansion. Any future federal government shutdown, U.S. government default on its debt and/or failure 
of the U.S. government to enact annual appropriations could have a material adverse effect on our 
revenues, earnings and cash flows. Additionally, disruptions in federal government operations may 
negatively impact regulatory approvals and guidance that are important to our operations, and create 
uncertainty about the pace of upcoming healthcare regulatory developments. 
 In our hospital operations business, we are dependent on contracts with national public 
health insurance funds as well as government social security insurance authorities and 
government tax funds.  
Most of Fresenius Helios' patients in Germany are insured by public health insurance and social security 
insurance authorities. Therefore, we are highly dependent on the accreditation of our acute care hospitals 
which allows for the provision of services to these patients on behalf of, and in return for payment from 
the statutory health insurers. Hospitals are accredited for such treatment of statutorily insured patients if 
(i) they have been admitted to the respective state hospital supply plan (Krankenhausplan), or (ii) if they 
have entered into a medical care contract (Versorgungsvertrag) with the relevant state associations of 
statutory health insurers. Should a Fresenius Helios acute care hospital lose the accreditation for the 
provision of services to statutorily insured patients, or should the hospitals be unable to compensate for 
lower reimbursement levels, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position 
and operational result.  
In Spain, Quirónsalud operates public-private partnership hospitals that are integrated within the public 
healthcare network. The company is assigned responsibility for the publicly insured inhabitants of certain 
coverage areas and receives remuneration based on capitation or activity performed. Should Quirónsalud 
lose the concession to operate public-private partnership hospitals, or should Quirónsalud be unable to 
contract on favorable terms with the government or private healthcare insurers, or should hospitals be 
unable to compensate for lower reimbursement rates, this could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial position and operational result. 
 Our efforts to develop and market new and existing products and therapies successfully 
may fail. 
The development of new products and therapies always carries the risk that the goal of commercialization 
might not be achieved or might take longer than planned. This is particularly true for the Fresenius Kabi

--- Page 21 ---
2.2.1.1 
21 
 
biosimilars products. The development of biosimilar products carries risks, including substantial 
development costs and the still-developing regulatory and approval processes. Regulatory approval of 
new products requires comprehensive, cost-intensive preclinical and clinical studies. Furthermore, there 
is a risk that regulatory authorities either not grant, or delay, product approval, or withdraw an existing 
approval. In addition, adverse effects of our products that may be discovered after regulatory approval 
or registration may lead to a partial or complete withdrawal from the market, either due to regulatory 
actions or our voluntary decision to stop marketing a product. For example, following feedback from the 
European Medicines Agency (EMA), risk mitigation measures for hydroxyethyl starch (HES) products 
from Fresenius Kabi (controlled dispensing of HES medicines to accredited hospitals, training and letters 
to healthcare professionals and warnings on packaging) were initiated in 2019. Based on the results of a 
study investigating the routine use of HES in accredited clinics, the EMA had advocated a suspension of 
the marketing authorization of HES-containing solutions. However, the EU countries were allowed to 
decide for themselves whether to implement the suspension of marketing authorization immediately or 
to make use of an 18-month transitional solution. As of the date of this Prospectus, two regulatory studies 
are being conducted to evaluate the long-term safety and efficacy of our HES products in surgical and 
severely injured (trauma) patients. The respective clinical study reports have been submitted to the 
national competent authorities in Europe at the end of February 2023 and are currently being assessed. 
Follow-up studies as well as similar measures could also be taken by authorities in non-EU countries and 
lead to the suspension or withdrawal of all or part of marketing authorizations in those countries.  
With generic IV drugs, it is also crucial that new products are continually brought to the market in a 
timely manner. Delays or unanticipated costs in any part of the process or our failure to obtain regulatory 
approval for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and 
operational result, by restricting or delaying the introduction of new products or therapies.  
Furthermore, Fresenius Medical Care as well as Fresenius Kabi are exposed to typical patent risks. This 
includes an insufficient protection by patents of the technologies and products that we developed. 
Competitors may copy our products without bearing comparable research and development costs. 
2.2 
Risks relating to the Fresenius Group's Business Operations 
2.2.1 
Operating Risks 
 Significant competition could adversely affect pricing and revenue in our business 
segments and our ability to grow. 
We face numerous competitors in each of our four business segments. Some of these competitors possess 
substantially greater financial, marketing, or research and development resources. In particular, 
technological innovation has historically been a significant competitive factor in the healthcare sector. 
The introduction of new products and services by competitors could render one or more of our products 
or services less competitive or even obsolete, and thus have a significantly negative impact on future 
revenue, the prices of our products, and our range of service. This includes the introduction of generic or 
patented drugs by competitors, which may have an impact on our revenue and operational result. These 
factors could result in lower revenue and adversely affect our business, financial position and operational 
result. 
Our Fresenius Medical Care business segment faces numerous competitors in both its healthcare services 
business and its dialysis products business, some of which may possess substantial financial, marketing 
or research and development resources. Competition and especially new competitive developments and 
innovations in technology, pharmaceuticals and care delivery models could materially adversely affect 
the future pricing and sale of Fresenius Medical Care's products and services.  
Generally, the healthcare sector is characterized by pricing pressure (including from tenders), intense 
competition and efforts to contain costs. In the U.S. market for generic IV drugs, increased competition, 
among other things induced by the re-entry of competitors after production halts, could have a material 
adverse effect on the pricing of our products and services and our revenue.  
In the U.S., Fresenius Kabi sells almost all injectable pharmaceutical products through agreements with 
group purchasing organizations (GPOs) and distributors. The GPOs have also contracted with other 
manufacturers and the bidding process for products is highly competitive. If Fresenius Kabi is not

--- Page 22 ---
2.2.1.2 
2.2.1.3 
22 
 
successful in maintaining its existing contracts or if new contracts are concluded on less favorable terms, 
this could have an adverse effect on our operational result. 
Similar developments with regard to price pressure in the tender business and increasing competition and 
price reductions are affecting our business in all major markets in Asia. Further expansion of National 
Volume based Procurement (NVBP) negotiations and Provincial Volume based Procurement (PVBP) is 
expected with one or two rounds annually over the next three years. Based on the directive from the 
Chinese State Council, drug price reduction will continue to be one of the major measures to further 
contain healthcare costs in a market in which volumes are steadily growing. This development could 
result in significant price pressure and have a negative impact on our business, financial position and 
operational result if Fresenius Kabi is not successful in offsetting these price reductions, for example 
through cost savings and efficiency gains in production. 
Our Fresenius Helios business segment is Europe's leading private hospital operator. In the course of its 
further expansion, e.g., in the private Spanish hospital market, Fresenius Helios may compete with other 
hospital operators for suitable expansion targets. If consolidation in the private hospital market results in 
material restraints on Fresenius Helios' future growth, it could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial position and operational result. 
In the German market, Helios Germany is observing a general trend towards outpatient treatment, which 
could lead to lower case number growth for inpatient treatments. To take account of this trend, Helios 
Germany is expanding outpatient services in a separate division. If Fresenius Helios does not succeed in 
sustainably adapting its business model through appropriate measures, this could lead to a decline in case 
numbers and have a material adverse effect on our business and operating profit. 
 A failure of products we manufacture or purchase to meet the quality standards 
expected by our customers could materially adversely affect our business and reputation. 
Our reputation for quality is a key component of our success, and our customers expect our products to 
meet high standards for quality. Failure of one or more of the products we manufacture or of products 
we purchase for use in our hospital operations to meet these quality standards could result in decreased 
sales and a negative impact on our reputation in the markets in which we operate, which could have a 
material adverse effect on our business, financial position and operational result. 
 We face a number of risks related to our business operations. 
Our operational business around the world is exposed to a number of risks and to extensive government 
regulation, which include, among others: 
• 
the quality, safety, and efficacy of medical and pharmaceutical products, supplies, and 
therapies;  
• 
the operation and licensing of hospitals, dialysis clinics, and other healthcare facilities as 
well as manufacturing facilities and laboratories; 
• 
the planning, construction, equipment, and management of pharmaceutical and medical-
technical production facilities; 
• 
the planning, construction, equipping, and management of healthcare facilities, especially 
the operation of hospitals, dialysis clinics, and other healthcare facilities; 
• 
attracting qualified personnel; 
• 
permits from public authorities and monitoring of clinical and non-clinical research and 
development activities; 
• 
product approvals and regulatory approvals for new products and product modifications;

--- Page 23 ---
2.2.1.4 
2.2.1.5 
23 
 
• 
audits and reviews by enforcement authorities of compliance with applicable 
pharmaceutical legislation; 
• 
compliance with due diligence obligations, warranty obligations and product liability 
regulations; 
• 
the accurate reporting of and billing for reimbursements by government and private 
insurers; 
• 
discounting reimbursable pharmaceutical and medical device products and reporting drug 
prices to government agencies; 
• 
default of receivables due to lower creditworthiness of customers, particularly regarding 
federal healthcare program reimbursement in countries with budgetary problems and 
countries exposed to political risks;  
• 
the labelling and designation of pharmaceutical products and their marketing; 
• 
compensation of medical personnel and financial arrangements with physicians and 
establishments that arrange patient referrals; 
• 
access to collection, publication, use, and security of health-related information and other 
protected data; 
• 
limitation of our ability to make acquisitions or certain investments and the conditions for 
transactions of this nature. 
 We could be adversely affected if we experience shortages of goods or material price or 
energy price increases from our suppliers, or an inability to access new and improved 
products and technology. 
The Group's business is dependent on the reliable supply of several raw materials for production and 
service purposes. Potential risks arise mainly from price increases or the lack of availability of raw 
materials and goods, as the Group saw in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia's ongoing war 
against Ukraine, which the Company believes will continue to have a direct and indirect negative impact 
on the business activities of the Fresenius Group, which cannot be estimated at present. If the Group is 
unable to counteract the risk of bottleneck situations at times of limited availability of goods and other 
materials in spite of its purchasing strategy in combination with ongoing monitoring of market 
developments, this could result in delays in production and hence have an adverse effect on the Group's 
operational result. Similarly, price increases by suppliers and the inability to access new products or 
technology could also adversely affect the Group's operational result.  
The Group is also subject to the risk of rising energy costs (e.g., oil and gas) due to decreases in extraction 
and production, natural disasters, political instability (such as the ongoing war between Russia and 
Ukraine) or unrest or production limits imposed in extracting and producing countries. If the price of 
energy increases and the Group is not able to at least partially mitigate costs, the Group may face higher 
production costs that could adversely affect the Group's operational result. 
 Our continued growth will depend upon our ability to attract and retain qualified 
personnel, such as highly qualified nurses and other medical personnel. Competition for 
those employees is intense. Moreover, we believe that future success in the service 
businesses (dialysis clinics, care coordination, and Fresenius Helios' hospitals and other 
healthcare facilities) will be significantly dependent on our ability to attract and retain 
qualified physicians to serve as employees of or consultants to our services businesses. If 
we are unable to achieve that goal or if doing so requires us to bear increased costs this 
could adversely impact our growth and operational result.

--- Page 24 ---
2.2.1.6 
2.2.1.7 
24 
 
Our continued growth in the healthcare business will depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified 
personnel, including highly qualified nurses and other medical personnel. Competition for those 
employees is intense. Shortages for these sought-after employees, such as highly qualified nurses, 
engineers and research and development personnel, may increase our personnel and recruiting costs 
and/or impair our reputation for high-quality care or production of technologically advanced products. 
Moreover, we believe that future success in the business will be significantly dependent on our ability to 
attract and retain qualified physicians to serve as employees of or consultants to our healthcare services 
businesses. Since January 1, 2019, the German hospital market has also been subject to the PpUGV. The 
PpUGV stipulates minimum staffing levels for nursing personnel in certain areas of the hospital. Further 
statutory regulations on minimum personnel levels in additional hospital departments with beds may 
further intensify competition for qualified nursing staff. The Spanish hospital market is also experiencing 
a shortage of qualified nursing staff. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting additional demand 
for nursing staff, public hospitals have hired more nurses at more attractive terms than before. Greater 
employee absenteeism and longer recruiting cycles as an effect from the COVID-19 pandemic further 
contribute to the experienced shortages in personnel. 
Our products business depends on the development of new products, technologies, and treatment 
concepts to be competitive. Additionally, in recruiting, employing and retaining personnel we may be 
exposed to risks relating to various labor laws, legislative, union, or other labor-related activities or 
changes. Further, these factors could preclude us from integrating acquired companies into our 
operations, which could increase our costs, decrease our productivity and prevent us from realizing 
synergies from acquisitions. If we are unable to manage the risks above, then our growth and operational 
result could be adversely impacted. 
 Increasing regulatory requirements for sustainability could lead to additional costs and 
non-compliance with such regulatory requirements could lead to adverse effects. 
The increasing sustainability requirements of governments, investors and customers, as well as in the 
context of financing transactions, could lead to additional costs. The growing requirements and due 
diligence obligations in the regulatory environment, as well as the voluntary commitment to our own 
sustainability and climate protection targets, could lead to additional liability risks. Furthermore, business 
involvement in areas that are the focus of social debate on sustainability can be perceived negatively and 
trigger negative media attention. This could lead to reputational damage and impact the achievement of 
our business objectives. 
Further, based on regulations in various jurisdictions, Fresenius has to fulfil requirements to carefully 
manage human rights/social and environmental impacts throughout its operations as well as within 
supply chains worldwide. For example, in Germany, Fresenius is subject to the Supply Chain Due 
Diligence Act (Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz). The scope of these obligations can be subject to 
interpretation. In complex global supply chains, leverage to implement respect for human rights might 
differ. If we fail to comply with applicable legislation, Fresenius could, inter alia, be subject to financial 
penalties, regulatory actions, litigations from stakeholder groups and Fresenius may be forced to adjust 
its risk and governance framework, be barred from participation in public tenders or may have to 
terminate individual supplier relationships. 
 If physicians and other referral sources cease referring patients to Fresenius Medical 
Care's healthcare service businesses and clinics or cease purchasing or prescribing 
Fresenius Medical Care's products, our revenues would decrease. 
In providing services within its healthcare business, Fresenius Medical Care is dependent upon patients' 
choosing Fresenius Medical Care healthcare facilities as the location for their care. Patients may select a 
clinic based, in whole or in part, on the recommendation of their physician. Physicians and other 
clinicians typically consider a number of factors when recommending a particular dialysis facility, 
pharmacy, physician practice, vascular surgery center or urgent care center to a patient, including the 
quality of care, the competency of staff, convenient scheduling, and location and physical condition. 
Physicians may change their recommendations, which may result in the movement of new or existing 
patients to competing facilities, including facilities established by the physicians themselves. At most of 
Fresenius Medical Care's facilities, a relatively small number of physicians often account for the referral 
of all or a significant portion of the patient base. Fresenius Medical Care has no ability to dictate these

--- Page 25 ---
2.2.1.8 
2.2.1.9 
25 
 
recommendations and referrals. If a significant number of physicians or other referral sources ceased 
referring their patients to Fresenius Medical Care's facilities or stop purchasing or prescribing Fresenius 
Medical Care's dialysis products, this would reduce our healthcare revenue and could materially 
adversely affect our overall operations. 
 Our in-licensing of rights to, or acquisition and commercialization of products might not 
be successful, and we may never receive any return on our investment in these product 
candidates. 
We may in-license rights to acquire or commercialize products or technologies. Other companies, 
including those with substantially greater financial and sales and marketing resources, will compete with 
us to license rights to or acquire or commercialize these products. We may not be able to license rights 
to or acquire these proprietary or other products or technologies on acceptable terms, if at all. Even if we 
obtain rights to a product and commit to payment terms, including, in some cases, up-front license 
payments, we may not be able to generate product sales sufficient to create a profit or otherwise avoid a 
loss.  
A product candidate may fail to result in a commercially successful drug for other reasons, including the 
possibility that the product candidate may: fail to receive necessary regulatory approvals; be difficult or 
uneconomical to produce in commercial quantities; be precluded from commercialization by proprietary 
rights of third parties; or fail to achieve market acceptance.  
The marketing strategy, distribution channels, and levels of competition with respect to any licensed or 
acquired product may be different from those of our current products, and we may not be able to compete 
favorably in any new product category. 
 We are exposed to product liability, patent infringement, and other claims, which could 
result in significant costs and liability, which we may not be able to insure on acceptable 
terms in the future.  
Healthcare companies, including Fresenius, are typically subject to claims alleging negligence, product 
liability, breach of warranty, malpractice, and other legal theories that may involve large claims and 
significant defense costs, whether or not liability is ultimately imposed. The products of Fresenius 
Medical Care and Fresenius Kabi could also be subject to recalls and patent infringement claims, which, 
in addition to monetary penalties, may restrict our ability to sell or use our products. In addition, Fresenius 
Helios could be exposed to claims for negligence in the operation of its hospitals or other healthcare 
facilities or patient treatment, for example claims relating to hospital-based infectious diseases. Our 
business segment Fresenius Vamed could be exposed to claims arising from errors in the planning, 
construction and equipping of hospitals or other healthcare facilities or to claims arising from negligence 
regarding the facility management or the operational management and logistics of hospitals and other 
healthcare facilities. We cannot assure that such claims will not be asserted against us, that significant 
adverse verdicts will not be reached against us for patent infringements or that large scale recalls of our 
products will not become necessary. In addition, the laws of some of the countries in which we operate 
provide legal rights to users of pharmaceutical products that could increase the risk of product liability 
claims. Product liability and patent infringement claims, other actions for negligence or breach of 
contract, and product recalls or related sanctions could result in significant costs. These costs could have 
a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and operational result.  
While we have been able to obtain liability insurance in the past to partially cover our business risks, we 
cannot assure that such insurance will be available in the future either on acceptable terms or at all, or 
that our insurance carriers will not dispute their coverage obligations. In addition, we and our subsidiaries 
are partially self-insured for: professional, product, and general liability; auto liability; and worker's 
compensation claims, up to pre-determined levels above which our third-party insurance applies. A 
successful claim for which we are self-insured or in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and operational result. Liability claims, 
regardless of their merit or eventual outcome, also may have a material adverse effect on our business 
and reputation, which could in turn reduce our revenue and profitability.

--- Page 26 ---
2.2.1.10 
2.2.1.11 
2.2.2.1 
26 
 
 Third parties may claim that we infringe their proprietary rights and may prevent or 
delay us from manufacturing and selling some of our new products. 
The manufacture, use and sale of new products that are the subject of conflicting patent rights have been 
the subject of substantial litigation in the pharmaceutical industry. Pharmaceutical companies with 
patented brand products frequently sue companies that file applications to produce generic equivalents 
of their patented brand products for alleged patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property 
rights, which may delay or prevent the entry of such generic products into the market. Also, competing 
pharmaceutical companies may file lawsuits against us or our strategic partners alleging patent 
infringement or may file declaratory judgment actions of non-infringement, invalidity, or 
unenforceability against us relating to our own patents. Such litigation is often costly and time-consuming 
and could result in a substantial delay in or prevent the introduction and/or marketing of our products, 
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and operational result. 
 If our joint ventures violate the law, our business could be adversely affected. 
A number of the dialysis clinics and healthcare centers Fresenius Medical Care operates are owned or 
managed by joint ventures in which one or more hospitals, physicians, or physician practice groups hold 
an interest. Physician owners, who are usually nephrologists, may also provide medical director services 
and physician owners may refer patients to those centers or other centers Fresenius Medical Care owns 
and operates or to other physicians who refer patients to those centers or other centers Fresenius Medical 
Care owns and operates. Because Fresenius Medical Care's relationships with physicians are governed 
by the federal and state anti-kickback statutes, it has structured the joint venture arrangements to comply 
with many of the criteria for safe harbor protection under the U.S. federal Medicare and Medicaid Fraud 
and Abuse Amendments of 1977, as amended (the Anti-Kickback Statute). However, investments in 
these joint venture arrangements do not satisfy all elements of such safe harbor. While Fresenius Medical 
Care has established comprehensive compliance policies, procedures and programs to ensure ethical and 
compliant joint venture business operations, if one or more of Fresenius Medical Care's joint ventures 
were found to be in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute, the U.S. federal Ethics in Patient Referrals 
Act of 1989 (the Stark Law), or other similar laws worldwide, Fresenius Medical Care could be required 
to restructure or terminate them. Fresenius Medical Care also could be required to repay to Medicare, 
Medicaid as well as other federal healthcare programs, amounts received by the joint ventures pursuant 
to any prohibited referrals, and Fresenius Medical Care could be subject to criminal and monetary 
penalties and exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid, and other U.S. federal and state healthcare programs. 
Imposition of any of these penalties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial 
position and operational result. 
2.2.2 
Information Technology Risks 
 If we are unable to protect our information technology security systems against cyber-
attacks or prevent other privacy or data security incidents that result in security 
breaches that disrupt our operations or result in the unintended dissemination of 
sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information, we could be 
exposed to significant regulatory fines or penalties, liability or reputational damage, or 
experience a material adverse effect on our operational result, financial position and cash 
flows. 
Fresenius believes that digital information is a cornerstone and enabler for its global business as one of 
the leading healthcare groups. Fresenius is continuously digitizing its processes, opening up new markets 
with digital product solutions, and taking into account that digitization is associated with cyber risks that 
can affect confidentiality, integrity, or availability. 
The overarching cyber risks that affect the Fresenius Group holistically include the theft and disclosure 
of personal and patient data, as well as trade secrets, attacks and associated failures of its IT 
infrastructures and applications, e.g. through malware, or the targeted manipulation of data. In addition, 
cyber risks exist in connection with the business activities of our respective business units: In the product 
business, these relate to the disruption of production and logistics processes and the theft of intellectual 
property. In our healthcare facilities, cyber risks relate to patients, their patient data and the medical 
products or devices used. The unavailability of IT systems in critical situations or the compromise of

--- Page 27 ---
2.2.3.1 
27 
 
medical devices could negatively affect patient safety and treatment effectiveness. The loss of sensitive 
data or non-compliance with data protection laws, regulations and standards could damage our 
competitive position, our reputation and the company as a whole. Furthermore, Fresenius or one of its 
Group companies could be subject to substantial fines in the event of a data protection breach.  
Fresenius' business activities are also subject to data protection regulatory requirements. This includes 
compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as well as compliance with other 
country-specific data protection regulations. Breaches of these regulations or of the GDPR can result in 
substantial fines, damage to reputation, and loss of trust. The core element of data protection is the secure 
and lawful processing of personal data in accordance with these regulatory requirements. In addition to 
patient data, this also includes the personal data of employees as well as that of contractual partners and 
other persons. 
Risk areas include compliance with data protection principles, information obligations, data subjects' 
rights, risk analysis regulations, and the documentation of data processing activities, as well as ensuring 
secure data processing, including the establishment of an appropriate level of data protection in 
(inter)national data transfers. 
If any of the above risks materializes, including, but not limited to, any failure to keep our information 
technology systems and our patients' and customers' sensitive information secure from attack, damage, 
loss or unauthorized disclosure or access, whether as a result of our action or inaction or that of our 
business associates or vendors, or the non-compliance with data protection laws, regulations, and 
standards could adversely affect our competitive position, our reputation and operations and also expose 
us to mandatory public disclosure requirements, litigation and governmental enforcement proceedings, 
material fines, penalties and/or remediation costs, and compensatory, special, punitive and statutory 
damages, consent orders and other adverse actions, any of which could adversely affect our business, 
operational result, financial position or liquidity. 
2.2.3 
Other Risks 
 The Company relies on distributions from its subsidiaries to meet its payment 
obligations. 
The Company functions as a holding company for our Group, has no material amount of independent 
operations, and derives substantially all of its consolidated revenue from its operating subsidiaries. 
Consequently, the Company's cash flow and its ability to meet its cash requirements, including its 
obligations under the Notes or, as applicable, the Guarantee, is dependent upon the profitability and cash 
flow of its subsidiaries and payments by such subsidiaries to the Company in the form of loans, dividends, 
fees, rental payments, or otherwise, as well as the Company's own credit arrangements.  
The ability of our subsidiaries to make payments to the Company may be restricted by, among other 
things, applicable corporate and other laws and regulations and by the terms of covenants and restrictions 
contained in financing agreements to which our subsidiaries are or will be a party. In addition to any 
limitations on payment to the Company contained in such agreements, any failure to comply with the 
covenants and restrictions contained in such agreements could trigger defaults under those agreements 
which could delay or preclude the distribution of dividend payments or any other similar payments to the 
Company. 
Any material reductions in distributions from its subsidiaries may adversely affect the Company's ability 
to meet its cash requirements, including its obligations under the Notes or, as applicable, the Guarantee. 
2.3 
Financial Risks relating to the Fresenius Group 
2.3.1 
Our leverage could adversely affect our financial position, prevent us from fulfilling our 
debt-service obligations, or prevent us from pursuing certain aspects of our business 
strategy. 
Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial position which could, as a result, have significant 
consequences to our ability to service the Notes. For example, it could: jeopardize the success of our

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
business strategy; increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic conditions; limit our ability to 
obtain necessary financing to fund future working capital needs, capital expenditures, and other general 
corporate requirements; require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations, as 
well as the proceeds of certain financings and asset dispositions, to payments on our indebtedness, 
thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow and such proceeds to fund other purposes; limit our 
flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; limit our ability 
to pursue possible future acquisitions and sell assets; make it more difficult for us to satisfy our 
obligations under our debt securities, including the Notes; and limit our ability to borrow additional 
funds.  
As a result, our leverage makes us vulnerable to a downturn in the operating performance of our 
subsidiaries, larger than normal fluctuations or volatility in our cash flow, or a downturn in economic 
conditions. In addition, the financing of the business can expose us to certain interest rate risks. For 
example, our ability to access capital could be impacted by increasing volatility and disruptions in the 
financing markets, as well as by further increases in interest rates. In addition, increasing interest rates 
would result in higher interest expense and additional strain on our cash flow impairing our ability to 
repay debt. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness, including the Notes, will 
depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which is dependent on various factors. These factors 
include governmental and private insurer reimbursement rates for medical treatment and general 
economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. If 
our cash flow is not sufficient to meet our debt service and principal payment requirements, we could be 
required to refinance our obligations or to dispose of assets in order to meet such requirements. In 
addition, from time to time we need to refinance our existing debt as and when it matures. In either case, 
there is no guarantee that we will be able to refinance our existing indebtedness on terms comparable to 
those governing our existing indebtedness. If our cash flow is not sufficient to meet our debt service and 
principal payment requirements, or if we are unable to refinance our existing indebtedness on acceptable 
terms, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and operational result.  
2.3.2 
Adverse changes in our credit rating could increase our costs of borrowing and affect 
our ability to obtain necessary financing. 
Our ability to obtain financing and the costs related to our financing depend on general market conditions 
and our (perceived) creditworthiness and ratings. Generally, a credit rating assesses the creditworthiness 
of an entity. Any rating downgrade or withdrawal of a rating or any change in our (perceived) 
creditworthiness could have adverse effects on the market price of our securities (including Notes issued 
under the Program) and on our options for obtaining funding as well as our financing costs. The 
challenging economic environment the Group faced in 2022 and which is expected to partly continue in 
2023 could increase the possibility of a rating downgrade. If we are unable to obtain funding on 
acceptable terms or at all, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position 
and operational result. 
2.3.3 
Changes in foreign exchange rates could have adverse effects on our financial results and 
on our ability to repay debt; our hedging efforts may be unsuccessful. 
The reporting currency of Fresenius is euro. However, a significant portion of our revenue is denominated 
in U.S. dollar. Therefore, fluctuations in exchange rates between the euro and other non-euro currencies, 
primarily the U.S. dollar, will affect the translation of our consolidated financial results into euro and 
will also affect the value of any distributions that our business segments make to us. Currency translation 
risks are not hedged. Exchange rate changes may also affect our consolidated statement of financial 
position. Changes in the euro values of our consolidated assets and liabilities resulting from exchange 
rate movements may cause us to record foreign currency gains and losses. In addition, some of our 
consolidated outstanding debt is denominated in U.S. dollars. Our ability to use cash received in 
currencies other than the euro or U.S. dollar to service that debt could be adversely affected by changes 
in exchange rates against the euro or the U.S. dollar.  
While we enter into hedging transactions to minimize the effects of certain changes in exchange rates, 
we cannot assure that such measures will be successful or that our hedging strategy will be effective. If 
these measures are unsuccessful or our hedging strategy is ineffective, this could increase our costs,

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
reduce our revenue or disrupt our operations, with possible material adverse effects on our business, 
financial position and operational result. 
2.3.4 
Our efforts to assure correct and reliable financial reporting may fail. 
Numerous measures and internal controls assure the correctness and reliability of accounting processes 
and financial reporting, and thus preparation of financial statements, consolidated financial statements, 
and management reports in compliance with applicable principles. In addition, Fresenius Medical Care 
is subject to controls of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley-Act. However, we cannot assure that such 
measures and internal controls will always be successful.  
2.3.5 
Our consolidated statement of financial position includes intangible assets, which could 
become impaired. 
The amount of intangible assets, including goodwill, product rights and tradenames represents a 
considerable part of the total assets of the Fresenius Group. An impairment test of goodwill and other 
intangible assets with indefinite useful life is performed at least once a year. There is no guarantee that 
impairments will not occur, particularly in the event of a substantial deterioration of our future prospects 
or general economic conditions. A significant deterioration in our prospects for the future or in the general 
economic environment could result in additional depreciation being necessary. If assets are considered 
to be impaired, impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statement 
of financial position and operational result. 
2.3.6 
Diverging views of fiscal authorities could require us to make additional tax payments. 
Additional or higher taxes or fees could be imposed and/or the import or export of our 
products could be restricted. 
We are subject to ongoing tax audits in the United States, Germany, and other jurisdictions. We could 
potentially receive notices of unfavorable adjustments and disallowances in connection with certain of 
these audits. If we are unsuccessful in contesting unfavorable determinations, we could be required to 
make additional tax payments, which could have a material adverse impact on our operational result and 
operating cash flow in the relevant reporting period. 
Some countries could impose additional or higher taxes or fees or restrict the import or export of our 
products; this applies in particular to any initiatives by the U.S. administration. 
2.3.7 
Despite our existing indebtedness, we may still be able to incur significantly more debt; 
this could intensify the risks described above. 
Neither the terms and conditions of the Notes nor the Guarantee contain any restrictions on the incurrence 
of additional debt. And despite our existing indebtedness, we may still be able to incur significantly more 
debt in the future. If additional debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face 
could intensify.  
2.3.8 
Our indebtedness imposes restrictions. If in the case of a breach of such restrictions the 
indebtedness under the Notes or certain other financing arrangements were to be 
accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full 
that indebtedness and the other indebtedness of the Issuers. 
Various debt instruments, including one bond issued in 2014 and maturing on February 1, 2024 (the 
2014/2024 Bond), contain covenants restricting or limiting our ability to, among other things: incur 
additional indebtedness; create liens; and merge or consolidate with other entities. All of these limitations 
are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications and, as of the date of this Prospectus, 
the limitations to incur additional indebtedness contained in the 2014/2024 Bond are suspended and will 
remain so as long as two of the three ratings assigned to the 2014/2024 Bond by Moody's Deutschland 
GmbH (Moody's), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch) 
are at least BBB- or Baa3 (as the case may be) or higher, or, in each case, the equivalent in respect of 
rating categories of any rating agencies substituted for S&P, Moody's or Fitch.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
If we breach the covenants of any financing arrangements and are unable to cure the breach (to the extent 
the breach is capable of being cured) or to obtain a waiver from the lenders (to the extent the covenant is 
capable of being waived), we would be in default under the terms of such arrangement. A default under 
any financing arrangements could result in a default under other financing arrangements, including our 
legacy bonds and bonds issued under this Program, and could cause lenders under other arrangements to 
accelerate such financing arrangements, in which case the amounts under those arrangements would 
become due as well, and could result in the inability to draw amounts under the Syndicated Credit 
Facility. If the indebtedness under the Notes or certain other financing arrangements were to be 
accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness 
and the other indebtedness of the relevant Issuer.  
In addition, Fresenius Medical Care has agreed to a number of covenants to provide protection to the 
holders of one remaining bond issued before 2018 maturing in 2024 which, under certain circumstances, 
restrict the scope of action of Fresenius Medical Care and its subsidiaries. These covenants include, 
among other things, restrictions on further debt that can be raised, the creation of liens, the disposal of 
assets, the entering into sale and leaseback transactions as well as mergers and consolidations with other 
companies. As of the date of this Prospectus, the limitations to raise further debt are suspended since the 
rating of the respective bonds reached investment grade status. A breach of any of the covenants or 
conditions of Fresenius Medical Care's financing arrangements could result in a default and acceleration 
of the debt under the respective arrangement, which could, in turn, lead to additional defaults and 
acceleration of the debt under other financing arrangements of Fresenius Medical Care and, in some 
circumstances and for as long as Fresenius Medical Care remains to be fully consolidated with Fresenius, 
of Fresenius. 
If, in the case of a breach of such restrictions, the indebtedness under the Notes or certain other financing 
arrangements were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to 
repay in full that indebtedness and the other indebtedness of the Issuers or, as applicable, the Guarantor. 
2.4 
Risks related to the Deconsolidation of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
In February 2023, the Company announced that it intends to deconsolidate Fresenius Medical Care AG 
& Co. KGaA (FMC AG & Co. KGaA) through a change of legal form of FMC AG & Co. KGaA from a 
partnership limited by shares (Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) into a stock corporation governed by 
German law (Aktiengesellschaft). The change of legal form is planned to take effect by the end of 2023 
at the latest, subject to the required approval of the general meeting of FMC AG & Co. KGaA and the 
registration in the commercial register. It is intended that an extraordinary general meeting of FMC AG 
& Co. KGaA will decide on the proposal for the change of legal form on July 14, 2023. As a result of the 
change of legal form, the Company will no longer have a controlling influence (beherrschender Einfluss) 
on FMC AG & Co. KGaA and, therefore, FMC AG & Co. KGaA will then no longer be, for the purposes 
of the consolidated financial statements of the Company, a fully consolidated part of the Fresenius Group, 
but will be accounted for according to the equity method. The Company's share of 32.17% in the 
subscribed capital of, and voting rights in, FMC AG & Co. KGaA will remain unaffected by the change 
of legal form. 
The deconsolidation of FMC AG & Co. KGaA will lead to material non-cash effective accounting effects 
in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. In addition to the above-mentioned cease of 
full consolidation of FMC AG & Co. KGaA, due to the deconsolidation of FMC AG & Co. KGaA, a 
material negative non-cash effective one-time accounting effect on the Company's consolidated income 
statement is expected, the magnitude of which will depend on the market capitalization of FMC AG & 
Co. KGaA.  
Furthermore, should the deconsolidation of FMC AG & Co. KGaA result in an adverse change in the 
credit rating of the Company, this adverse rating change would increase the costs of borrowing and could 
affect the Company's ability to obtain necessary financing as described in "2.3.2 Adverse changes in our 
credit rating could increase our costs of borrowing and affect our ability to obtain necessary financing". 
Any rating downgrade or withdrawal of a rating or any change in our (perceived) creditworthiness could 
also have adverse effects on the market price of our securities (including Notes issued under the 
Program). If we are unable to obtain funding on acceptable terms or at all, this could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial position and operational result. The same applies for FMC AG 
& Co. KGaA. Adverse effects on the ability to obtain necessary financing and/or on the financing costs

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
of FMC AG & Co. KGaA due to a rating downgrade or withdrawal of a rating or any change in the 
(perceived) creditworthiness of FMC AG & Co. KGaA could have a material adverse effect on FMC AG 
& Co. KGaA's business, financial position and operational result and thus could reduce or preclude the 
distribution of dividend payments or any other similar payments to the Company. 
2.5 
Risks from Acquisitions 
2.5.1 
Past and future acquisitions involve inherent uncertainties and risks. 
The acquisition and integration of companies carries risks that can adversely affect the business, financial 
position and operational result of Fresenius.  
Acquisition processes often include closing conditions, including but not limited to antitrust clearance, 
fulfilment of assurances and warranties and adherence to laws and regulations. Non-compliance with 
such closing conditions by either party to an acquisition could lead to litigation between the parties, with 
others and/or claims against Fresenius.  
Following an acquisition, the acquired company's structure must be integrated while clarifying legal 
questions and contractual obligations. Marketing, patient services, quality standards, and logistics must 
also be unified and, potentially, divergent corporate and management cultures have to be reconciled. 
During the integration phase, key managers can leave the company and both the course of ongoing 
business processes and relationships with customers and employees can be harmed. In addition, change 
of control clauses may be claimed in certain contracts or financial instruments, some of which may be 
material to the acquired company. The integration process may prove more difficult or require more time 
and resources than expected and anticipated synergies from the combination might not be realized. Risks 
can arise from the operations of the newly acquired company that Fresenius regarded as insignificant or 
was unaware of. An acquisition may also prove to be less beneficial than initially expected. Future 
acquisitions may be a strain on the finances and management of our business. Moreover, as a 
consequence of an acquisition Fresenius may become directly or indirectly liable towards third parties, 
or claims against third parties may turn out to be non-assertable. 
2.5.2 
Our growth depends, in part, on our ability to continue to make acquisitions. 
Acquisitions may place a financial burden on us. 
The healthcare industry has experienced significant consolidation in recent years and experiences 
continuing consolidation. This development could adversely affect our ability to find suitable acquisition 
targets and to increase future growth and product sales. Additionally, our ability to make future 
acquisitions depends, in part, on our available financial resources and could be limited by restrictions 
imposed by competition laws as well as existing credit agreements. For our future acquisitions in our 
business segments, we may need to borrow additional debt or assume significant liabilities, either of 
which might increase our financial leverage and/or cause the prices of our debt securities to decline and 
increase our future financing costs. In addition, any financing that we might need for future acquisitions 
might be available to us only on terms that restrict our business. If we are not able to effect acquisitions 
on reasonable terms, there could be an adverse effect on our business, financial position and operational 
result.  
We also compete with other companies in seeking suitable acquisition targets, and the continuing 
consolidation of competitors could affect future growth of our product sales. In addition, our ability to 
grow might be constrained due to a lack of acquisition targets. If we are not able to continue to effect 
acquisitions at all or on reasonable terms, this could have an adverse effect on our business, financial 
position and operational result. 
2.6 
Compliance and Legal Risks 
2.6.1 
If we do not comply with the healthcare or other governmental regulations applicable to 
our businesses, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties and excluded from 
government healthcare reimbursement programs in the United States and other

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
countries, or our authorization to conduct business could be terminated, either of which 
could result in a material decrease in our revenue and operating profit. 
Our business and operations around the world are subject to extensive regulations in many jurisdictions 
and covering a broad range of areas, including but not limited to:  
• 
permits from public authorities and monitoring of clinical and non-clinical research and 
development activities; 
• 
product releases and regulatory approvals for new products and product modifications; 
• 
checks and reviews by enforcement authorities of compliance with applicable 
pharmaceutical legislation; 
• 
compliance with due diligence obligations, warranty obligations, and product liability 
regulations; 
• 
the accurate reporting of and billing for reimbursements by government and private 
insurers; 
• 
discounting reimbursable pharmaceutical and medical device products and reporting drug 
prices to government agencies; 
• 
the labelling and designation of products and their marketing;  
• 
compensation of medical personnel and financial arrangements with physicians and other 
referral sources;  
• 
access to, collection, publication, use, and security of health information and other 
protected data.; and 
• 
compliance with ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) laws and regulations. 
If Fresenius fails to comply with one or more of these laws or regulations, this may give rise to a number 
of consequences, including monetary and administrative penalties, increased compliance costs, complete 
or partial exclusion from governmental reimbursement programs, or a complete or partial curtailment of 
our authorization to conduct business. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse impact 
on our business reputation, business, financial position and operational result.  
Our Group's medical devices and pharmaceutical products are subject to detailed, rigorous and frequently 
changing regulation by the FDA, and numerous other national, supranational, federal and state 
authorities. In addition, our Group's facilities and procedures and those of its suppliers are subject to 
periodic inspection by the FDA, the EMA and other regulatory authorities. If an authority detects any 
deficiencies, we are required to address these issues immediately. The FDA and comparable regulatory 
authorities outside the U.S. may suspend, revoke, or adversely amend the authority necessary for 
manufacture, marketing, or sale of our products and those of our suppliers. Our Group and its suppliers 
must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations, and 
if such compliance is not maintained, they could be subject to significant adverse administrative and 
judicial enforcement actions in the future. These possible enforcement actions could include warning 
letters, injunctions, civil penalties, seizures of our Group's products, and criminal prosecutions as well as 
dissemination of information to the public about such enforcement actions. These actions could result in, 
among other things, substantial modifications to our Group's business practices and operations, refunds, 
a total or partial shutdown of production while the alleged violation is remedied, and withdrawals or 
suspensions of current products from the market. In addition, there may be the changes in requirements 
and regulations by regulatory authorities affecting our production processes and leading, for example, to 
lower production volumes or jeopardizing production during any transition period. Any of these events, 
together or individually, could disrupt our Group's business and have a material adverse effect on our 
Group's business, reputation, financial position and operational result. Moreover, the FDA may require 
us to stop marketing certain products which do not have formal FDA approvals. The FDA has increased

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
its efforts to require companies to file and seek FDA approval for unapproved products, and when a 
product is approved, the FDA has typically increased its effort to remove other unapproved products 
from the market by issuing notices to companies currently manufacturing these products to cease its 
distribution of said products.  
By virtue of this regulatory environment, our business activities and practices are subject to extensive 
review by regulatory authorities and private parties, and continuing audits, investigative demands, 
subpoenas, other inquiries, claims and litigation relating to our or our subsidiaries' compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations. We may not always be aware that an inquiry or action has begun, 
particularly in the case of "qui tam" or "whistle-blower" actions brought by private plaintiffs under the 
U.S. False Claims Act, which are initially filed under seal. Our Group companies are the subject of a 
number of ongoing actions, including governmental inquiries and civil suits by the U.S. federal 
government and private plaintiffs. Adverse results in one or more pending actions could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial position or operational result.  
In addition, there may be future legislative, administrative or regulatory changes that affect procedures 
or decision-making for approving medical device or drug products. They may also affect their status as 
approved products. Any such legislation, regulations or administrative action, if enacted or promulgated, 
could result in a delay, denial, suspension or revocation of regulatory approval for any of our products. 
Any of these events, in combination or alone, could disrupt our Group's business and have a material 
adverse effect on our Group's business, financial position and operational result. 
2.6.2 
We operate in many different jurisdictions and we could be adversely affected by 
violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and worldwide anti-corruption, 
anti-money laundering or other compliance laws. 
The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws generally 
prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to public officials for the 
purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our internal policies mandate compliance with these anti-
corruption, anti-money laundering and other compliance laws. We operate many facilities throughout the 
United States and other parts of the world. Our decentralized system has thousands of persons employed 
by many affiliated companies, and we rely on our management structure, regulatory and legal resources, 
and effective operation of our compliance program to direct, manage, and monitor the activities of these 
employees. Despite our training, oversight and compliance programs, there can be no assurance that our 
internal control policies and procedures will always protect us from deliberate, reckless, or inadvertent 
acts of our employees or agents that contravene our Group's compliance policies or violate applicable 
anti-bribery, anti-money laundering or other compliance laws. Our continued expansion, including in 
developing countries, could increase the risk of such violations in the future.  
Fresenius is constantly monitoring the business conduct of its group companies to ensure compliance 
with anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and other compliance laws and is investigating any potential 
or actual cases of non-compliance. However, there is no assurance that current or future internal 
investigations by Fresenius will reveal all instances of actual or potential non-compliance with anti-
bribery, anti-money laundering or other compliance laws and that actual or potential non-compliance 
instances will not become subject to investigation by authorities. 
Any violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a 
material adverse effect on our operational result or financial position. 
2.6.3 
We are subject to risks from legal, administrative and arbitration proceedings. 
We are, or may become, involved in a number of legal, administrative and arbitration proceedings. 
Companies in the healthcare industry are regularly exposed to claims or actions for breach of their duties 
of due care, product liability, breach of warranty obligations, patent infringements, treatment errors, and 
other claims. These proceedings or potential proceedings could involve substantial claims for damages 
or other payments, or could seek injunctive relief. Based on a judgment or a settlement agreement, we 
could be obligated to pay substantial damages or fines, or could force us to act or refrain from a certain 
action. Our litigation costs and those of third parties (in relation to which we may have to indemnify such

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
third parties) could also be significant. This applies in particular to disputes and proceedings in the United 
States, where legal defense costs and claims for damages can be exceptionally high. 
Legal disputes can take an extended period of time to clarify and it is very difficult to predict their 
outcome and financial as well as other effects. The realization of any of these risks could have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial position and operational result. If legal matters or official 
proceedings are decided against Fresenius, it may also no longer be possible to insure risks of this kind 
in the future, or it may no longer be possible to insure such risks under appropriate conditions. 
2.7 
Risks Relating to Issues of Notes where the Company acts as Guarantor 
2.7.1 
Fresenius Ireland and Fresenius Ireland II each have no material assets or sources of 
revenue except for claims against other Group companies resulting from intercompany 
receivables.  
Fresenius Ireland and Fresenius Ireland II are each wholly owned finance subsidiaries of the Company 
whose purpose is the raising and procurement of financings for the Group and will on-lend proceeds from 
financing arrangements, including from the sale of the Notes, under intercompany loans. Fresenius 
Ireland and Fresenius Ireland II each intend to service and repay the Notes out of the payments they 
receive under their respective intercompany loans. Fresenius Ireland and Fresenius Ireland II each have 
no other material assets or sources of revenue except for their claims under their respective various 
intercompany receivables. Accordingly, each of Fresenius Ireland's and Fresenius Ireland II's ability to 
service and repay the Notes depends on the ability of the counterparties to the intercompany loans to 
service such indebtedness. Therefore, in meeting their respective payment obligations under the Notes, 
Fresenius Ireland and Fresenius Ireland II each are wholly dependent on the profitability and cash flow 
of the counterparties to their respective intercompany loans to which they are parties.  
2.7.2 
Fresenius Ireland and Fresenius Ireland II each may be subject to Irish examinership 
procedures. 
Examinership is a procedure available under the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended) which 
facilitates the survival of Irish companies in financial difficulties. If Fresenius Ireland and/or Fresenius 
Ireland II are unable, or likely to be unable, to pay their respective debts, an Irish court may appoint an 
examiner to oversee the operations of Fresenius Ireland and/or Fresenius Ireland II and to facilitate their 
respective survival and the whole or any part of their respective business as a going concern. 
Each of Fresenius Ireland and/or Fresenius Ireland II, each of the directors of Fresenius Ireland and/or 
Fresenius Ireland II, as applicable, a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of each of Fresenius 
Ireland and/or Fresenius Ireland II, as applicable, or shareholders of the holding company of Fresenius 
Ireland and/or Fresenius Ireland II, as applicable, at the date of presentation of the petition, holding not 
less than one-tenth of the voting share capital of Fresenius Ireland and/or Fresenius Ireland II, as 
applicable are each entitled to petition the court for the appointment of an examiner. If an examiner is 
appointed to Fresenius Ireland and/or Fresenius Ireland II, a protection period, generally not exceeding 
100 days, will be imposed so that the examiner can formulate and implement proposals for a compromise 
or scheme of arrangement with creditors. The examiner, once appointed, has the power to set aside 
contracts and arrangements entered into by the company after this appointment and, in certain 
circumstances, can avoid a negative pledge given by the company prior to this appointment. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will compile proposals for a compromise or scheme or 
arrangement to assist in the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a going 
concern. A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the relevant Irish Court when at least one class 
of creditors whose interests or claims would be impaired by implementation of the proposals has voted 
in favor of the proposals and the relevant Irish Court is satisfied that such proposals are fair and equitable 
in relation to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals and whose interests 
would be impaired by implementation of the scheme of arrangement and the proposals are not unduly 
prejudicial to the interests of any interested party. In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely 
that secured and unsecured creditors would form separate classes of creditors.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
During the protection period, any enforcement action by a creditor is prohibited and Fresenius Ireland 
and/or Fresenius Ireland II, as applicable, are prohibited from paying any debts existing at the time of the 
presentation of the petition to appoint an examiner. The appointment of an examiner may restrict the 
ability of Fresenius Ireland and/or Fresenius Ireland II, as applicable, to make timely payments and the 
rights of the holders of the Notes (the Holders) may be affected by the examiner's exercise of his powers.  
2.7.3 
Small Companies Administration Rescue Process (SCARP) 
The Companies (Rescue Process for Small and Micro Companies) Act 2021 (the SCARP Act) was signed 
into law on July 22, 2021, and commenced on 7 December 2021. The SCARP Act provides for a new 
administrative rescue process – the Small Company Administrative Rescue Process (SCARP) – which 
will be available exclusively to small and micro companies. 
A small company (excluding a holding company) is defined as one fulfilling two or more of the following 
requirements in relation to a financial year: 
(a) the amount of turnover does not exceed €12 million; 
(b) the balance sheet total of the company does not exceed €6 million; and 
(c) the average number of employees does not exceed 50. 
The comparable conditions to qualify as a micro company are: 
(a) the amount of turnover does not exceed €700,000; 
(b) the balance sheet total of the company does not exceed €350,000; and 
(c) the average number of employees does not exceed 10. 
As at the date of this Prospectus neither Fresenius Ireland and/or Fresenius Ireland II would be considered 
small or micro companies under the SCARP Act. Nevertheless, should either Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, at any point in time, fulfil two of the above criteria, whether during a winding down 
process or otherwise, then it would (in those circumstances) fall within the scope of SCARP.  
The SCARP Act creates a new process for small companies to restructure their debts within an expedited 
timeframe of 70 days. While the SCARP Act provides an opportunity for small and micro companies to 
avail of a restructuring process, it remains to be seen how it will operate in practice. 
The SCARP process differs from examinership (as discussed above) in some material ways, including: 
(a) Revenue (and other state creditors) may object to the inclusion of certain "excludable liabilities" 
(pertaining to unpaid taxes and liabilities with respect to the Revenue Commissioners and the 
Department of Social Protection and other liabilities arising from the Redundancy Payments 
and Protection of Employees Acts). 
(b) Fresenius Ireland and/or Fresenius Ireland II would have no automatic protections and would 
have to apply to the court for protective orders. 
(c) The SCARP process cannot be initiated by a creditor. 
(d) The SCARP process will not currently be recognised under the Recast Insolvency Regulation 
(2015/848) and so there is no automatic recognition of SCARP in other EU member states. 
The primary risk to the Holders of the Notes if the Fresenius Ireland and/or Fresenius Ireland II were to 
enter into the SCARP process are as follows: 
(a) The potential for a "rescue plan" being approved involving the writing down of the debt due by 
the Fresenius Ireland and/or Fresenius Ireland II to the Holders; and

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
(b) The "rescue plan" devised by the "process adviser" (an insolvency practitioner who must be 
qualified to act as a liquidator under the Companies Act 2014) may provide for the repudiation 
of contracts on behalf of the Fresenius Ireland and/or Fresenius Ireland II where the process 
adviser considers it necessary for the survival of Fresenius Ireland and/or Fresenius Ireland II 
as a going concern. Whilst court approval is not required, the right is subject to certain notice 
obligations and the right of claimants to object to the proposed repudiation. 
2.8 
Risks relating to structural subordination of the Notes and the relevant Issuer's or, as 
applicable, the Guarantor's solvency 
2.8.1 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to other creditors of the Company's 
subsidiaries.  
Generally, claims of creditors of a subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors 
holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, will have priority with respect to the assets 
and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company. However, Holders will 
have direct claims against the Guarantor itself under the guarantee issued by the Guarantor guaranteeing 
the Notes on an unsecured basis.  
Accordingly, the Notes will be structurally subordinated to all creditors, including trade creditors, of the 
Guarantor's subsidiaries (including FMC AG & Co. KGaA) other than the Group's financing subsidiaries, 
including Fresenius Ireland and Fresenius Ireland II. Any right of the Guarantor to receive assets of any 
subsidiary upon the insolvency or liquidation of the subsidiary (and the consequent rights of the Holders 
to participate in those assets) will be structurally subordinated to the claims of these subsidiary's creditors, 
except to the extent the Guarantor's claims do not result from (i) its shareholdings, (ii) shareholder loans 
(or their economic equivalent) subordinated by law, or (iii) contractually subordinated claims, in which 
case its claims would still be subordinated with respect to any assets of the subsidiary pledged to secure 
other indebtedness, and any indebtedness of the subsidiary senior to that held by the Guarantor. In 
addition, holders of secured indebtedness of the Guarantor would have a claim on the assets securing 
such indebtedness that is prior to the Holders and would have a claim that is pari passu with the Holders 
to the extent the security did not satisfy such indebtedness.  
The Notes would be subordinated to any secured debt of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor to the 
extent of the value of the assets securing such debt.  
2.8.2 
Although the occurrence of specific change of control events will permit Holders to 
require redemption or repurchase of the Notes, the relevant Issuer may not be able to 
redeem or repurchase such Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of specific change of control events, the Holders will have the right to require the 
redemption or repurchase of all or part of their Notes at an amount specified in the Final Terms, plus 
accrued and unpaid interest. Our ability to redeem or repurchase Notes upon such a change of control 
event will be limited by our access to funds at the time of the redemption or repurchase. Upon a change 
of control event, we may be required immediately to repay the outstanding principal, any accrued interest 
on and any other amounts owed by us under one or more of our bank facilities or other debt. The source 
of funds for these repayments would be the available cash or cash generated from other sources. 
However, it cannot be assured that there will be sufficient funds available upon a change of control to 
make these repayments and any required redemption or repurchases of Notes. In that case, our failure to 
purchase any of the Notes would constitute an event of default under the Terms and Conditions, which 
would likely cause a default under other debt obligations.  
2.8.3 
The Notes and the Guarantee could become effectively subordinated to the Group's debt 
to the extent such debt is secured by assets that are not also securing the Notes. 
Although the Terms and Conditions and the Guarantee restrict the Company's and, to the extent legally 
possible, its subsidiaries' ability to provide asset security for the benefit of other Capital Market 
Indebtedness without securing the Notes equally, the requirement to provide equal security to the Notes 
is subject to a number of significant exceptions and carve-outs. To the extent the relevant Issuer or the

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Guarantor provides asset security for the benefit of other debt without also securing the Notes, the Notes 
and the Guarantee will be effectively subordinated to such debt to the extent of such assets. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of (present or future) secured debt of the Group may recover 
disproportionately more on their claims than the Holders in an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar 
proceeding. The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor may not have sufficient assets remaining to make 
payments on the Notes or the Guarantee, respectively. 
2.8.4 
The proceeds from the enforcement of the Guarantee may not be sufficient to satisfy the 
obligations under the Notes. 
The Notes will, upon issuance by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, be guaranteed by the 
Guarantee as specified in the Terms and Conditions. The amount to be received upon an enforcement of 
the Guarantee would be dependent on numerous factors affecting the financial situation of the Guarantor 
at the time of its enforcement, including its other debt obligations. In the event of a foreclosure, 
liquidation, bankruptcy or similar proceeding, the payments under the Guarantee may not be sufficient 
to repay the obligations under the Notes. 
2.8.5 
Each Holder might have to enforce its claims in respect of the Guarantee directly against 
the Guarantor. 
The Guarantee in respect of the Notes will constitute a contract for the benefit of the Holders as third-
party beneficiaries in accordance with § 328(1) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch). 
As a consequence, each Holder will have the right to demand payment directly from the Guarantor under 
the Guarantee and to enforce the Guarantee directly against the Guarantor. 
2.8.6 
German insolvency laws may preclude the recovery of payments due under the 
Guarantee.  
Insolvency proceedings with regard to the Guarantor would most likely be based on and governed by the 
insolvency laws of Germany, the jurisdiction under which it is organized and in which all of its assets 
are located.  
Under German insolvency law, in particular, an insolvency administrator (Insolvenzverwalter) of the 
Guarantor may avoid (anfechten) transactions which are detrimental to insolvency creditors and which 
were affected prior to the commencement of insolvency proceedings. Such transactions can include the 
payment of any amounts to the Holders, as well as provision of security for their benefit. The 
administrator's right to avoid transactions under the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung) can, 
depending on the circumstances, extend to transactions during a period of up to ten-years prior to the 
petition for commencement of insolvency proceedings. In the event such transactions were successfully 
avoided, the Holders would be under an obligation to repay the amounts received plus interest or to waive 
the security provided (as the case may be). In addition, before the opening of insolvency proceedings, a 
creditor who has obtained an enforcement order has the right to avoid certain transactions, such as the 
payment of debt and the granting of security pursuant to the German Code on Avoidance 
(Anfechtungsgesetz).  
In particular, a transaction (which term includes the provision of security or the payment of debt) may be 
avoided in the following cases:  
• 
the transaction was entered into by the debtor (i.e., the Guarantor) and is directly 
detrimental to its insolvency creditors if the transaction was effected (i) during the three-
month period prior to the petition for commencement of insolvency proceedings over the 
assets of the debtor and the debtor was unable to make payments when due at the time of 
the transaction and the beneficiary of the transaction (i.e., the Holders) had positive 
knowledge thereof at such time, or (ii) after a petition for the commencement of insolvency 
proceedings and the beneficiary of the transaction had knowledge of either the debtor's 
inability to make payments when due or of the petition for commencement of insolvency 
proceedings at the time of the transaction;

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
• 
the transaction was entered into during the ten-year period prior to the petition for the 
commencement of insolvency proceedings with the debtor's actual intent to disadvantage 
creditors, provided that the beneficiary of such transaction had positive knowledge of the 
debtor's intent at the time of the transaction (such knowledge is presumed under German 
insolvency laws if the beneficiary knew of the debtor's imminent insolvency and that the 
transaction constituted a disadvantage for the creditors);  
• 
the transaction granting an insolvency creditor security (including a guarantor) or 
satisfaction to which such creditor had no right or no right to claim in such manner or at 
such time it was entered into and such transaction took place (i) within the month prior to 
the petition for commencement of insolvency proceedings; (ii) within the second or third 
month preceding such petition and the debtor was unable to make payments when due at 
the time of such transaction; or (iii) within the second and third month prior to the petition 
for commencement of insolvency proceedings and the creditor had positive knowledge at 
the time of the transaction that it was detrimental to the creditors of the debtor; or  
• 
the transaction granting an insolvency creditor security or satisfaction to which such 
creditor had a right and such transaction took place (i) within the three-month period prior 
to the petition for the commencement of insolvency proceedings and the debtor was unable 
to make payments when due at the time of the transaction and the beneficiary of the 
transaction had positive knowledge thereof at such time, or (ii) following a petition for the 
commencement of insolvency proceedings and the creditor had positive knowledge of 
either the debtor's inability to make payments when due or of the petition for 
commencement of insolvency proceedings at the time of the transaction.  
Generally, the Guarantor would be considered unable to make payments when due if it is not able to meet 
at least 90% of its due financial obligations within a period of three weeks. If their security were avoided 
or held unenforceable for any other reason, the Holders would cease to have any claim in respect of such 
security. Any amounts obtained from a transaction that has been avoided would have to be repaid plus 
interest.  
2.8.7 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in the Notes; they are not 
recommendations to buy or hold securities, and are subject to revision, suspension, or 
withdrawal at any time.  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may 
not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed 
herein, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell, or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension, or withdrawal by the rating 
agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit rating will remain constant for any given 
period of time or that a credit rating will not be reduced or withdrawn entirely by the credit rating agency 
if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. The challenging economic environment the Group faced in 
2022 and which is expected to partly continue in 2023 could increase the possibility of a rating 
downgrade. Any suspension, reduction, or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes 
by one or more of the credit rating agencies may adversely affect the cost and terms and conditions of 
our financings and could adversely affect the value and trading of such Notes.  
2.9 
Liquidity Risk 
2.9.1 
There is no active public trading market for the Notes. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Program to 
be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, the Program provides that Notes may 
be listed on other or further stock exchanges or may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes 
are listed or not, there can be no assurance regarding the future development of a market for the Notes or 
the ability of Holders to sell their Notes or the price at which Holders may be able to sell their Notes. If 
such a market were to develop, the Notes could trade at prices that may be higher or lower than the initial 
offering price depending on many factors, including prevailing interest rates, the Group's operational 
result, the market for similar securities and other factors, including general economic conditions,

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
performance and prospects, as well as recommendations of securities analysts. The liquidity of, and the 
trading market for, the Notes may also be adversely affected by declines in the market for debt securities 
generally. Such a decline may affect any liquidity and trading of the Notes independent of the Group's 
financial performance and prospects. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for 
such Notes may be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. 
2.10 
Market Price and Exchange Rate Risk 
2.10.1 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors. 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market 
interest rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the 
lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Holders are therefore exposed to potential 
unfavorable developments of market prices of their Notes which would be realized if the Holders sell the 
Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Holder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity, 
the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
2.10.2 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in 
currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e., a currency other than euro) is particularly 
exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. 
Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors, such as macro-economic factors, 
speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and governments. A change in the value of 
any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding change in the euro 
value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding change in the euro value 
of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than euro in accordance with the terms of 
such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro rises correspondingly, the price 
of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed in euro falls. In 
addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected. 
2.11 
Risks relating to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes or associated with Notes 
with a specific Use of Proceeds 
2.11.1 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes early. 
The relevant Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the relevant Issuer is required to 
pay additional amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms 
and Conditions. In addition, the applicable Final Terms will indicate if the relevant Issuer has the right 
to call the Notes prior to maturity (optional call right), among others, (i) at the option of the relevant 
Issuer for reason of minimal outstanding principal amount, (ii) at the option of the relevant Issuer on any 
call redemption date(s) at the call redemption amount specified in the Terms and Conditions, (iii) at the 
option of the relevant Issuer at the make-whole amount specified in the Terms and Conditions, (iv) upon 
the occurrence of a transaction trigger event at the early redemption amount as specified in the Terms 
and Conditions, and/or (v) if payments on the Notes are linked to a benchmark and such benchmark is 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable and it is not possible, in the opinion of the relevant Issuer, to 
determine a successor benchmark. If the relevant Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity, a Holder of 
such Notes is exposed to the risk that his investment will have a lower than expected yield due to such 
early redemption and, in addition, Holders would be required to re-invest the funds concerned earlier 
than expected. 
2.11.2 
Quorum requirement and SchVG risks in case of certain events of default  
The Terms and Conditions provide that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the 
Notes due and payable shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default 
notices from Holders representing at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then 
outstanding. Under the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), 
even if a default notice is given by a sufficient number of Holders of Notes, this could be rescinded by

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
majority resolution within three months. A simple majority of votes would be sufficient for a resolution 
on the rescission of such acceleration but, in any case, more Holders would have to consent to a rescission 
than have delivered default notices. 
Holders should be aware that, as a result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the 
occurrence of certain events of default, unless the required quorum of Holders delivers default notices 
and such acceleration is not rescinded by majority resolution of the Holders.  
2.11.3 
The market-value of fixed rate Notes is dependent on market interest rates. 
A Holder of a fixed rate Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note declines as a result of an 
increase in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of a fixed rate Note as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Note, the current interest rate on the capital 
market (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the 
price of a fixed rate Note also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, 
the price of a fixed rate Note typically falls, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the 
market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the price of a fixed rate Note typically increases, until 
the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the Holder of a fixed rate 
Note holds such Note until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such 
Holder as the Note will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of 
such Note. 
2.11.4 
A Holder of a floating rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels 
and uncertain interest income. 
A Holder of a floating rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of floating rate 
Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken 
as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Floating rate Notes may be structured to include caps or floors, or any combination of those features. The 
effect of a cap is that the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so 
that the Holder will not be able to benefit from any actual favorable development beyond the cap. The 
yield could therefore be considerably lower than that of similar floating rate Notes without a cap. 
2.11.5 
Risks associated with the reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed "benchmarks" (each a Benchmark and together, the Benchmarks) have become the 
subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the Benchmarks Regulation which is fully 
applicable since January 1, 2018.  
Given that the Benchmarks Regulation does not apply to central banks and that the Euro Short-Term 
Rate (€STR) and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) are administered by the European 
Central Bank (ECB) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (Federal Reserve), respectively, €STR 
and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation as of the date of this Prospectus. 
In case the administrator of any of these reference rates changes in the future, such reference rate might 
fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, including in 
any of the following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains 
authorization or is registered and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
jurisdiction, if the administrator's legal benchmark system is considered equivalent (article 
30 Benchmarks Regulation), the administrator is recognized (article 32 Benchmarks 
Regulation) or the Benchmark is endorsed (article 33 Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to 
applicable transitional provisions). If this is not the case, Notes linked to such Benchmarks 
could be impacted and might have to be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or 
otherwise impacted; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level, and could impact the Notes, including Calculation Agent determination of the rate 
or level in its discretion. 
On July 3, 2019, the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority authorized EMMI as the 
administrator for the EURIBOR. This authorization as an administrator confirms, that the requirements 
contained in the Benchmarks Regulation regarding the new hybrid methodology for determining the 
EURIBOR have been met. The EURIBOR hybrid methodology complements the former quote-based 
determination by a methodology based on, whenever possible, actual transactions. In November 2019, 
EMMI confirmed that all panel banks successfully have implemented the new hybrid EURIBOR 
methodology. As of the date of this Prospectus, the European Central Bank is consulting regarding a 
EUR-STR-based fallback for the EURIBOR.  
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmarks Regulation, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives 
and investigations which may impact Benchmarks. 
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for floating rate 
Notes which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback 
provisions applicable to such Notes, which in the end could lead, inter alia, to determination of the 
applicable interest rate on the basis of another benchmark determined by the Issuer in its discretion, or to 
a previously available rate of the Benchmark being applied until maturity of the floating rate Notes, 
effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest, or to an early termination of 
the relevant Notes at the option of the Issuer. Under these fallback provisions, the Benchmark will be 
substituted, if possible, by a replacement offered interest rate or an alternative offered interest rate 
determined by the Issuer (possibly after consultation with an independent advisor). If this is not possible, 
the interest rate for the relevant interest period will be determined on the basis of the offered interest rate 
that was used for the last preceding interest period and such rate will continue to apply for future interest 
periods of the Notes until a replacement offered interest rate or an alternative offered interest rate will be 
determined by the Issuer in accordance with the fallback provisions. In addition, if, in the Issuer's opinion, 
it is not possible to determine a replacement offered interest rate or an alternative offered interest rate in 
accordance with the fallback provisions and if the Final Terms so provide, the Issuer will be entitled to 
call the Notes for redemption at their principal amount, together with interest accrued (if any). Due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of a replacement offered interest rate or an alternative offered 
interest rate, the relevant further fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a 
material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering 
or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes 
and/or any further changes in the administration or method of determining a Benchmark could have an 
effect on the value of any Notes linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that any 
changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amounts payable on, floating rate Notes whose rate of interest is linked to such Benchmark. 
2.11.6 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates and the use of risk free 
rates are subject to important limitations 
Interest rates of Floating Rate Notes may be linked to €STR or SOFR (commonly referred to as Risk 
Free Rates).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
€STR reflects the wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks. The rate is 
published for each T2 business day based on transactions conducted and settled on the previous day. The 
ECB notes that the use of €STR is subject to limitations and disclaimers, including that the ECB may (i) 
materially change €STR methodology or the €STR determination process, or (ii) cease the determination 
and publication of €STR, in each case after consulting with stakeholders to the extent it is possible or 
practicable and all as described in Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central Bank of July 10, 
2019 on the Euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended. 
The SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by treasury 
securities. The Federal Reserve further notes on its publication page for the SOFR that use of the SOFR 
is subject to important limitations and disclaimers, including that the Federal Reserve may alter the 
methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR at any 
time without prior notice.  
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to Risk Free Rates as a 
reference in the capital markets and as an alternative to EURIBOR. In particular, market participants and 
relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on Risk Free Rates. The market 
or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of Risk Free Rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions. It may be difficult for investors in the Notes which reference a 
Risk Free Rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, 
if the Notes become due and payable, the rate of interest payable shall be determined on the date the 
Notes become due and payable.  
As the Risk Free Rates are published by third parties based on data received from other sources, the 
Issuers have no control over its determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that 
€STR or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse 
to the interests of investors in the respective Notes. If the manner in which the respective Risk Free Rate 
is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the 
Notes and the trading prices of the Notes. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends 
in the respective Risk Free Rate as an indicator of future changes in the applicable Risk Free Rate. Also, 
since the Risk Free Rates are a relatively new market index, the Notes will likely have no established 
trading market when issued. Trading prices of the Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed 
debt securities as a result. Similarly, if the applicable Risk Free Rate does not prove to be widely used in 
securities like the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of debt securities linked 
to indices that are more widely used. Investors in the Notes may not be able to sell the Notes at all or 
may not be able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision 
with respect to any such Notes. 
Investors should be aware that, if the relevant Risk Free Rate were temporarily unavailable or 
permanently discontinued, the rate of interest on the Notes will be determined for the relevant Interest 
Period by the fallback provisions applicable to the Notes, which include, inter alia, the application of 
certain successor rates. 
Investors should further be aware that, if the relevant Risk Free Rate were permanently discontinued, the 
rate of interest on the Notes will be determined for the relevant Interest Period by fallback provisions 
which differ from those applicable in case the Risk Free Rate were temporarily unavailable.  
The application of the fallback provisions could result in the same interest rate being applied to the Notes 
until their maturity, effectively turning the Notes, which are supposed to pay a floating rate of interest, 
into debt instruments with a fixed rate of interest. In addition, if the same interest rate is being applied to 
the Notes until their maturity and if the Final Terms so provide, the Issuer will be entitled to call the 
Notes for redemption at their principal amount, together with interest accrued (if any).  
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the 
Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any such securities.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
2.11.7 
Risks associated with Notes with a specific Use of Proceeds, such as Green Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds 
The Final Terms relating to any tranche of Notes issued under the Program may provide that it will be 
the relevant Issuer's intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects 
and activities that promote climate friendly and other environmental purposes (Green Projects) or 
specific social purposes (Social Projects). Such Notes are hereinafter referred to as sustainability bonds 
(Sustainability Bonds). Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the relevant 
Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Sustainability Bonds together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary.  
In particular, no assurance is given by the relevant Issuer or, as applicable, the Guarantor that the use of 
such proceeds for any Green or Social Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations or investor's own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, that are subject of, or related to, any Green or Social Projects. Furthermore, 
notwithstanding the current legislative efforts on EU level regarding the regulation of sustainable finance, 
amongst others the adoption of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the so called EU Taxonomy), it should be noted that, as of the date of 
this Prospectus, there is no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or an equivalently labelled project 
or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green", "social" or 
"sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition 
or consensus will develop over time. On July 6, 2021, the European Commission has proposed a 
regulation on a voluntary European Green Bond Standard. Following trilogue negotiations, a provisional 
agreement on the EU Green Bond Standard was reached at the end of February 2023. However, the final 
text of the regulation has not been published as of the date of this Prospectus. The standard will use the 
definitions of environmentally sustainable activities in the EU Taxonomy to define what is considered a 
green investment. The Sustainability Bonds issued under this Program may not at any time be eligible 
for the issuer to be entitled to use the designation of "European green bond" or "EuGB" nor is the issuer 
under any obligation to take steps to have any Sustainability Bonds become eligible for such designation. 
The establishment in the market of the EU Green Bond Standard could have adverse effects on the market 
price of bonds that do not meet the requirements of the EU Green Bond Standard and/or are not 
designated "European green bond" or "EuGB" (including Sustainability Bonds and other Notes issued 
under the Program). 
In addition, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related 
to, any Green or Social Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", 
"social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or 
uses that are the subject of, or related to, any Green or Social Projects. Also, the criteria for what 
constitutes a Green or Social Project may be changed from time to time. 
In connection with the issue of Sustainability Bonds, the relevant Issuer may appoint one or more external 
provider(s) to provide a sustainability or equivalent evaluation (the Evaluation). Such Evaluation is not 
incorporated in, and does not form part of, this Prospectus. Such Evaluation provides an opinion on 
certain environmental, social and related sustainability considerations and is not intended to address any 
credit, market or other aspects of an investment in Sustainability Bonds including without limitation 
market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Such Evaluation is a 
statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. Such Evaluation is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold Sustainability Bonds. No assurance is given that such Evaluation correctly assesses the potential 
environmental or social impact of the issue of Sustainability Bonds or the relevant Issuer generally. Such 
Evaluation is only current as of the date it is released and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by 
the relevant provider(s) at any time. As of the date of this Prospectus, the providers of Evaluations are 
not subject to any specific regulatory regime or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any Evaluation for the purpose of any investment in 
Sustainability Bonds. In particular, no assurance or representation is made or given that any such

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Evaluation reflects any present or future requirements, investment criteria or guidelines which may apply 
to any investor or its investments. Holders of Sustainability Bonds will have no recourse against the 
provider(s) of any Evaluation.  
None of the Issuer and, as applicable, the Guarantor is responsible for any third party assessment of the 
Sustainability Bonds. In addition, it would not constitute an event of default under the terms of the 
Sustainability Bonds if the Issuer were to fail to observe the provisions set out in the Final Terms for the 
Sustainability Bonds relating to the use of proceeds of the Sustainability Bonds. 
In the event that any of the Sustainability Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other similarly-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), or are included in any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled index, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission, or inclusion in such index, satisfies, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another and 
also the criteria for inclusion in such index may vary from one index to another. Moreover, no 
representation or assurance is given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in any such index, will be obtained in respect of Sustainability 
Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in such index, will be 
maintained during the life of Sustainability Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any 
tranche of Notes so specified for Green Project and/or Social Projects, as applicable, in, or substantially 
in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance by the relevant Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any 
Green Projects and/or Social Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally 
or partially disbursed for such Green Projects and/or Social Projects. Nor can there be any assurance by 
the relevant Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such Green Projects and/or Social Projects will 
be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related 
to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or any failure by 
the relevant Issuer to do so will not give the Holders the right to early terminate the relevant Notes. 
Any failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects 
and/or Social Projects as aforesaid and/or any negative change to, or withdrawal or suspension of, any 
Evaluation or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the relevant Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such Evaluation or certification is opining or 
certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange 
or securities market or included in a certain index as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green 
Projects and/or Social Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
2.11.8 
Sustainability Bonds are not linked to the performance of the Green Projects and/or Social 
Projects, do not benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the 
Sustainability Bonds or any contractual rights derived solely from the intended use of 
proceeds of such Sustainability Bonds. 
The performance of the Sustainability Bonds is not linked to the performance of the relevant Green 
Projects and/or Social Projects or the performance of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (as applicable), 
the Fresenius Group and/or certain legal entities within the Fresenius Group in respect of any 
environmental or similar targets. There will be no segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the 
Sustainability Bonds and the Green Projects and/or Social Projects. Consequently, neither payments of 
principal and/or interest on the Sustainability Bonds nor any rights of Holders shall depend on the 
performance of the relevant Green Projects and/or Social Projects or the performance of the relevant

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Issuer, the Guarantor (as applicable), the Fresenius Group and/or certain legal entities within the 
Fresenius Group in respect of any such environmental, social or similar targets. Holders of any 
Sustainability Bonds shall have no preferential rights or priority against the assets of any Green Project 
and/or Social Project nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Sustainability 
Bonds. 
2.11.9 
Risks associated with fixed rate Notes that provide for one or more step-ups and/or step-
downs of the applicable rate of interest during the term of the Notes 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that the provisions for fixed rate Notes with different fixed rates 
apply, the Notes will be subject to one or more step-ups and/or step-downs of the applicable rate of 
interest during the term of the Notes (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). The Holder of such Notes 
is exposed to an increased risk that the interest rate applicable to such Notes deviates from the market 
interest rate and no assurance can be given that the respective investment will constitute an appropriate 
market return. 
In addition, as described in 2.11.3, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such 
Notes declines as a result of an increase in the market interest rate levels. Such risk applies in particular, 
if the market interest rates in respect of comparable securities are higher than the interest rates which 
apply to such Notes at the relevant time. If the Holder holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the 
market interest rate are without relevance to such Holder as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified 
redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Notes. 
2.12 
Risks relating to laws and regulations applicable to the Notes 
2.12.1 
Resolutions of Holders 
If the Terms and Conditions of Notes provide for meetings of Holders of a series of Notes or the taking 
of votes without a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and the Guarantee may be amended 
(as proposed or agreed by the relevant Issuer and/or Guarantor) by majority resolution of the Holders of 
such Notes and any such majority resolution will be binding on all Holders. Any Holder is therefore 
subject to the risk that its rights against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the relevant series 
of Notes are amended, reduced or even cancelled by a majority resolution of the Holders. Any such 
majority resolution will even be binding on Holders who have declared their claims arising from the 
Notes due and payable based on the occurrence of an event of default but who have not received payment 
from the Issuer or, as applicable, the Guarantor prior to the amendment taking effect. According to the 
SchVG, the relevant majority for Holders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the 
aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. Therefore, any such resolution may 
effectively be passed with the consent of less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the 
relevant Notes outstanding. 
2.12.2 
Holders' Representative 
If the Notes provide that the Holders of a series of Notes are entitled to appoint a Holders' representative 
(the Holders' Representative) by a majority resolution of such Holders or if a Holders' Representative 
has been appointed in the Terms and Conditions of a series of Notes it is possible that a Holder may be 
deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against 
the Issuer or, as applicable, the Guarantor, such right passing to the Holders' Representative who is then 
exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders of the relevant series of Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
3. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
3.1 
General Information 
References to "2022" and "2021" (unless otherwise specified) shall refer to the financial years ended 
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
The Company's consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained herein have 
been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards of the International 
Accounting Standards Board as adopted by the European Union (IFRS) applicable at the relevant date 
(i.e., the reporting date). We use IFRS to comply with the reporting requirements of the German 
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) and other German laws.  
The unconsolidated financial statements of Fresenius Ireland and Fresenius Ireland II included in this 
Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with IFRS. Unless otherwise indicated, our financial 
information in this Prospectus complies with IFRS applicable at the relevant date (i.e., the reporting date 
of the respective annual). 
As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned 32.17% of the subscribed capital of Fresenius Medical 
Care AG & Co. KGaA (FMC AG & Co. KGaA). FMC AG & Co. KGaA is a German partnership limited 
by shares. Fresenius Medical Care Management AG, the general partner of FMC AG & Co. KGaA, is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Through this structure, the Company has rights providing it 
with the ability to direct the relevant activities and, hence, the earnings of FMC AG & Co. KGaA. 
Therefore, FMC AG & Co. KGaA is fully consolidated in the consolidated financial statements of the 
Fresenius Group. However, the Company receives cash flows generated by FMC AG & Co. KGaA only 
to the extent they are distributed to the Company as dividends or payments under existing agreements, 
such as rental and service agreements. Dividends are received by the Company only in proportion to its 
economic interest in FMC AG & Co. KGaA. 
In February 2023, the Company announced that it intends to deconsolidate FMC AG & Co. KGaA 
through a change of legal form of FMC AG & Co. KGaA from a partnership limited by shares 
(Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) into a stock corporation governed by German law 
(Aktiengesellschaft) by the end of 2023 at the latest. As a result of the change of legal form, the Company 
will no longer have a controlling influence (beherrschender Einfluss) on FMC AG & Co. KGaA and, 
therefore, FMC AG & Co. KGaA will then no longer be, for the purposes of the consolidated financial 
statements of the Company, a fully consolidated part of the Fresenius Group, but will be accounted for 
according to the equity method. The Company's share of 32.17% in the subscribed capital of, and voting 
rights in, FMC AG & Co. KGaA will remain unaffected by the change of legal form. For more 
information on the intended change of legal form and deconsolidation of FMC AG & Co. KGaA, please 
see "5.9 Recent Events". 
Certain numerical data, financial information and market data in this Prospectus are subject to rounding 
adjustments that were carried out according to customary commercial standards. As a result, the 
aggregate amounts herein may not correspond in all cases to the data contained in the underlying sources. 
A dash ("-") indicates that no data was reported for a specific line item in the relevant financial year or 
period, while a zero ("0") is used when the pertinent figure, after rounding, amounts to nil. 
3.2 
EBIT/ EBITDA  
"EBIT" refers to earnings before interest and income taxes.  
In this Prospectus, we present EBITDA (adjusted and unadjusted). "EBITDA" refers to earnings before 
interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. We do not present EBITDA as a measure of our 
operating results. Our management believes that the presentation of EBITDA is helpful to investors as a 
measure of our ability to service debt. However, investors should not construe EBITDA as an alternative 
expression of net income determined in accordance with IFRS or cash flows from operations, investing 
activities or financing activities as a measure of cash flows.  
We show EBITDA for each of our business segments before giving effect to the segment 
Corporate/Other, to which certain parts of revenue and costs are allocated. For this reason, the EBITDA 
contributions of each of our business segments when added together may add up to more than 100% of 
our total EBITDA.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
4. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUERS AND THE 
GUARANTOR 
4.1 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (Issuer and Guarantor) 
4.1.1 
General Information 
The legal and commercial name of the Company is Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA. 
The Company was originally incorporated on August 20, 1966 as Chemisch-pharmazeutische 
Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, a limited liability company organized under German law. This company 
was registered with the commercial register of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Bad Homburg vor der 
Höhe, Germany, under registration number HRB 1152. On October 30, 1981, the shareholders' meeting 
of Chemisch-pharmazeutische Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH resolved to change the legal form of the 
Company into a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) governed by German law and the Company's 
name to Fresenius Verwaltungs-Aktiengesellschaft. These changes became effective upon registration of 
Fresenius Verwaltungs-Aktiengesellschaft with the commercial register of the local court of Bad 
Homburg vor der Höhe, Germany, under registration number HRB 2617, on December 9, 1981.  
On December 23, 1981, the general shareholders' meeting of Fresenius Verwaltungs-Aktiengesellschaft 
resolved to change the name of the Company to Fresenius AG. This change became effective upon entry 
into the commercial register on December 28, 1981. On December 4, 2006, the general shareholders' 
meeting of Fresenius AG resolved to change the Company's legal form into a European Company 
(Societas Europaea — SE) organized under German and European law and the Company's name to 
Fresenius SE. These changes became effective upon registration of Fresenius SE with the commercial 
register of Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Germany, under registration number HRB 10660, on July 13, 
2007.  
On May 12, 2010, the general shareholders' meeting of Fresenius SE resolved to change the legal form 
of the Company into a partnership limited by shares (Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) with an SE as 
general partner, governed by German and European law, the Company's name to Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA and, so as to simplify the company's share structure by creating one share class while maintaining 
the control position of the Else Kröner-Fresenius-Stiftung, to convert the then existing non-voting no-par 
value preference bearer shares into voting ordinary shares at a 1:1 exchange ratio. These changes became 
effective upon registration of the Company with the commercial register of the local court of Bad 
Homburg vor der Höhe, Germany, under registration number HRB 11852, on January 28, 2011.  
The Company has its registered office in Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Germany. Its business address is 
Else-Kröner-Strasse 1, 61352 Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Germany, and its telephone number is +49 
(0) 6 172-608-0. The duration of the Company is indefinite. The Company conducts its business under 
its legal name.  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Company is XDFJ0CYCOO1FXRFTQS51. The Company's 
website is available at www.fresenius.com. The information on the Company's website does not form 
part of this Prospectus unless it is explicitly incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
4.1.2 
Corporate Purpose 
Pursuant to section 2 of its articles of association, the corporate purpose of the Company is:  
• 
the development, manufacture, and distribution of, as well as trading in, products, systems, and 
processes in the healthcare sector;  
• 
the construction, development, and operation of medical and curative facilities, as well as of hospitals; 
and 
• 
consulting in the medical and pharmaceutical fields, as well as scientific information and 
documentation.  
The Company operates directly or through associated companies (Beteiligungsgesellschaften) in 
Germany and abroad.

--- Page 48 ---
4.1.5.1 
4.1.5.2 
48 
 
The Company is entitled to enter into any and all business transactions and to take any and all measures 
that are deemed necessary or useful in accomplishing the corporate purpose of the Company and may, in 
particular, participate in other undertakings of the same or a related kind, take over the management 
and/or the representation of such undertakings, transfer company divisions, including major company 
divisions, to undertakings in which the Company holds at least a majority of the voting capital and/or a 
controlling interest, and establish branch offices in Germany and abroad. 
4.1.3 
Principal Activities 
The Company's principal activity is to act as a holding company for its subsidiaries, which develop, 
manufacture, and distribute healthcare products and services and which are involved in the construction, 
development, operation of medical facilities. 
4.1.4 
Organizational Structure 
The Fresenius Group is headed by the Company which acts as holding company for the Group. The 
Fresenius Group consists of more than 3,000 subsidiaries and affiliated companies (including minority 
holdings) worldwide.  
Fresenius Kabi AG (Fresenius Kabi or Kabi) and Fresenius ProServe GmbH are wholly owned 
subsidiaries of the Company. Fresenius Kabi AG acts as the holding company for our business segment 
Fresenius Kabi. Fresenius ProServe GmbH acts as the holding company for our business segments 
Fresenius Helios and Fresenius Vamed. Fresenius Kabi AG and Fresenius ProServe GmbH are each 
controlled under a domination agreement (Beherrschungsvertrag) with the Company as controlling 
entity. Both companies, respectively, are also party to a profit and loss transfer agreement 
(Ergebnisabführungsvertrag) with the Company as dominating entity.  
As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned 32.17% of the subscribed capital of FMC AG & Co. 
KGaA. FMC AG & Co. KGaA acts as holding company for the fully consolidated FMC AG & Co. KGaA 
and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, as a standalone company and/or as our consolidated 
subsidiary and business segment (Fresenius Medical Care) which is again controlled by its general 
partner Fresenius Medical Care Management AG, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In 
February 2023, the Company announced that it intends to deconsolidate FMC AG & Co. KGaA through 
a change of legal form of FMC AG & Co. KGaA from a partnership limited by shares 
(Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) into a stock corporation governed by German law 
(Aktiengesellschaft) by the end of 2023 at the latest. The Company's share of 32.17% in the subscribed 
capital of, and voting rights in, FMC AG & Co. KGaA will remain unaffected by the change of legal 
form. For more information on the intended change of legal form and deconsolidation of FMC AG & 
Co. KGaA, please see "5.9 Recent Events". 
4.1.5 
Management and Supervisory Bodies, Board Practices 
 General 
The Company is the ultimate holding company of the Group. As a partnership limited by shares 
(Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) with a European Company (Societas Europaea — SE) as general 
partner, the corporate bodies of the Company are the general partner, the supervisory board and the 
general shareholders' meeting.  
 Fresenius Management SE 
Fresenius Management SE (Management SE), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Else Kröner-Fresenius-
Stiftung, is the sole general partner of the Company. The corporate bodies of Management SE are the 
management board, the supervisory board and the general shareholders' meeting. Management SE has a 
two-tier management and control system consisting of the management board and the supervisory board. 
The powers of these bodies are governed by the Regulation (EC) No. 2157/2001, the German Law on 
Implementation of the Regulation (EC) No. 2157/2001 (SE-Ausführungsgesetz), the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), the Articles of Association and the rules of procedure of the management 
board and the supervisory board. The two boards work independently of each other. No one is allowed 
to be a member of both bodies simultaneously.  
The management board of Management SE is responsible for managing Management SE's day-to-day 
business. The supervisory board of Management SE advises and supervises the management board, in 
particular the managing of the Company by Management SE, and is responsible for appointing and

--- Page 49 ---
4.1.5.3 
4.1.5.4 
49 
 
removing members of the management board. The supervisory board generally may not exercise any 
management functions. However, according to the rules of procedure of the management board, certain 
types of transactions may not be carried out by the management board without the consent of the 
supervisory board.  
 Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
As general partner of the Company, Management SE is solely responsible for the management of the 
Company, including all exceptional management measures, and solely represents the Company in its 
dealings with third parties. Members of the management board of Management SE are not permitted to 
simultaneously be members of the supervisory boards of Management SE or the Company. When acting 
in its capacity as general partner for the Company, Management SE is always acting through its 
management board. Therefore, any reference to "Management Board" below refers to the management 
board of Management SE (the Management Board). The supervisory board of the Company oversees 
and advises Management SE in its acting as general partner of the Company. In addition, the supervisory 
board represents the Company in transactions between Management SE and the Company. A member of 
the supervisory board of Management SE can simultaneously be a member of the supervisory board of 
the Company.  
 Management Board of Fresenius Management SE 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Management Board consists of seven members. The members of 
the Management Board are appointed and dismissed by the supervisory board of Management SE.  
The rules of procedures of the Management Board assign each member of the board a specific area of 
responsibility. The members of the Management Board are nevertheless jointly responsible for managing 
our Group. The names of the members of Fresenius Management SE's Management Board as of the date 
of this Prospectus, their areas of responsibility and their principal activities outside of the Fresenius 
Group are shown in the table below. 
 
Name 
Responsibility  
Principal activities  
outside the Fresenius Group  
Michael Sen 
Chairman of the 
Management Board, as such 
Chief Executive Officer 
(CEO)  
none 
Sara Hennicken 
Chief Financial Officer 
none 
Dr. Sebastian Biedenkopf 
Human Resources (Labor 
Relations Director), Risk 
Management and Legal 
none 
Dr. Francesco De Meo 
CEO of Fresenius Helios 
none 
Pierluigi Antonelli  
CEO of Fresenius Kabi 
none 
Helen Giza 
CEO of Fresenius Medical 
Care 
none 
Dr. Ernst Wastler 
CEO of Fresenius Vamed 
none 
 
The Supervisory Board resolved on February 17, 2023 that Dr. Michael Moser be appointed as a member 
of the Management Board from August 1, 2023 to July 31, 2026. Dr. Michael Moser will replace Dr. 
Sebastian Biedenkopf as a member of the Management Board and responsibility for Human Resources, 
Risk Management and Legal will be transferred to him. In addition, he will be responsible for 
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG).

--- Page 50 ---
4.1.5.5 
4.1.5.6 
50 
 
The members of the Management Board can be contacted at Management SE's business address: Else-
Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Germany. 
 Supervisory Board of Management SE 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the supervisory board of Management SE consists of six members. All 
six members of the supervisory board of Management SE are appointed by the general shareholders' 
meeting of Management SE.  
Resolutions of the supervisory board of Management SE require a majority of the votes cast, unless 
otherwise required by mandatory law, the articles of association of Management SE or the rules of 
procedures of the supervisory board of Management SE. In the case of a parity of votes, the vote of the 
Chairman shall be decisive.  
The supervisory board must meet at least twice during each six-month calendar period.  
The names of the members of Management SE's supervisory board, their positions and their further 
offices outside of Fresenius Group (as of March 31, 2023) are shown in the table below: 
 
Name 
Position  
Further offices held outside the 
Fresenius Group  
Wolfgang Kirsch 
Chairman 
Supervisory Board: 
Adolf Würth GmbH &Co. KG 
B. Metzler seel. Sohn & Co. 
Aktiengesellschaft (Vice Chairman) 
Dr. Dieter Schenk 
Deputy Chairman 
Supervisory Board: 
Gabor Shoes AG (Chairman) 
TOPTICA Photonics AG (Chairman) 
Foundation Board (Stiftungsrat): 
Else Kröner-Fresenius-Stiftung 
(Chairman) 
Dr. Frank Appel 
 
Management Board: 
Deutsche Post AG (Chairman) 
Michael Diekmann 
 
Supervisory Board:  
Allianz SE (Chairman) 
Dr. Heinrich Hiesinger 
 
Supervisory Board: 
ZF Friedrichshafen AG (Chairman) 
BMW AG 
Deutsche Post AG 
Susanne Zeidler 
 
Supervisory Board: 
DWS Investment GmbH 
 
The members of the supervisory board of Management SE can be contacted at Management SE's business 
address: Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Germany. 
 Supervisory Board of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the supervisory board of the Company is composed of six shareholder 
representatives and six employee representatives. Six members who represent the shareholders are

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
appointed by the general shareholders' meeting, whereby the Else Kröner-Fresenius-Stiftung has no vote 
in such appointment. Six employee representatives are elected by the Company's European Works 
Council.  
Unless other majorities are mandatory by law, the supervisory board of the Company passes its 
resolutions by a simple majority of the votes submitted. If a vote is tied, the Chairman has the casting 
vote or, if he does not take part in the voting, the matter is decided by the vote of the Deputy Chairman, 
who is a shareholder representative.  
The supervisory board of the Company should convene once each calendar quarter and must convene 
twice each calendar half-year.  
The table below lists the members of and their positions on the supervisory board of the Company and 
shows their further offices outside of Fresenius Group (as of March 31, 2023):  
 
Name 
Position  
Further offices held outside the 
Fresenius Group  
Wolfgang Kirsch 
Chairman 
Supervisory Board: 
Adolf Würth GmbH & Co. KG 
B. Metzler seel. Sohn & Co. 
Aktiengesellschaft (Vice Chairman) 
Michael Diekmann 
Deputy Chairman 
Supervisory Board: 
Allianz SE (Chairman) 
Grit Genster* 
Deputy Chairwoman 
Secretary: 
Trade Union ver.di 
Prof. Dr. med. D. Michael 
Albrecht 
 
Management Board: 
University Hospital Carl Gustav Carus 
Dresden (Spokesman) 
Stefanie Balling* 
 
none 
Bernd Behlert* 
 
none 
Konrad Kölbl* 
 
none 
Frauke Lehmann* 
 
none 
Prof. Dr. med. Iris Löw-
Friedrich 
 
Executive Vice President and Chief 
Medical Officer, Head of Development 
UCB S.A. 
Supervisory Board: 
Evotec SE (Chairwoman) 
Oscar Romero de Paco* 
 
none 
Susanne Zeidler 
 
Supervisory Board: 
DWS Investment GmbH 
Dr. Christoph Zindel 
 
none 
* Employee Representative 
Members of the supervisory board of the Company can be contacted at the Company's business address: 
Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Germany.

--- Page 52 ---
4.1.5.7 
52 
 
 Conflicts of Interest of the Members of the Corporate Bodies 
Some members of the Management Board and other members of the Company's management are also 
members of the management board and/or members of the management of subsidiaries of the Company. 
Members of the Management Board also serve on the managing bodies of FMC AG & Co. KGaA, 
Fresenius Kabi AG, Fresenius ProServe GmbH, Helios Health GmbH and VAMED AG, as well as of 
the subsidiaries of these companies. Furthermore, some members of the supervisory board of 
Management SE are also members of the supervisory board of the Company and/or members of 
supervisory boards of subsidiaries of the Company. 
Although the interests of the Company and its subsidiaries are generally in line with each other, there 
can be no assurance that conflicts of interests will not arise in certain instances. These potential conflicts 
of interests could be particularly important in light of the minority ownership of the Company in FMC 
AG & Co. KGaA. The German Stock Corporation Act and the German Corporate Governance Code 
contain provisions that aim to protect affected companies from the negative effects of potential conflicts 
of interest.  
As of the date of this Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interests between the obligations of 
the members of the Management Board and the supervisory board of Management SE towards the 
Company and their private interests or other obligations. As far as the Company is aware, there are no 
other potential conflicts of interests between the obligations of the members of the supervisory board of 
the Company towards the Company and their private interests. 
4.1.6 
Corporate Governance 
The German Corporate Governance Code (Deutsche Corporate Governance Kodex, the Corporate 
Governance Code) contains recommendations and suggestions for managing and monitoring listed 
companies in Germany. It is based on internationally and nationally recognized standards for good and 
responsible corporate governance. The purpose of the Corporate Governance Code is to make the 
German corporate governance system transparent for investors. The Corporate Governance Code was 
passed by the Government Commission of the German Corporate Governance Code on February 26, 
2002 and was last amended on April 28, 2022. The amended version was published in the Federal Gazette 
on June 27, 2022.  
There is no legal obligation to comply with the recommendations or suggestions of the Corporate 
Governance Code. However, the German Stock Corporation Act requires that the management board and 
the supervisory board of a German listed company either declare on an annual basis that the 
recommendations of the Corporate Governance Code were and will be adhered to or state which 
recommendations were or will not be followed. This declaration must be available to shareholders on a 
constant basis. No disclosure is required when companies deviate from the suggestions in the Corporate 
Governance Code.  
The supervisory board of the Company and the Management Board have adopted the following 
declaration of conformity (Entsprechenserklärung) in December 2022 and have made it available to 
shareholders. In accordance with Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), this 
declaration, as well as past declarations, is available on the Company's website, at www.fresenius.com, 
under the heading "The Healthcare Group / Management / Corporate Governance": 
"The Management Board of the General Partner of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Fresenius Management 
SE (hereafter the Management Board) and the Supervisory Board of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA declare 
that since the issuance of the previous Declaration of Conformity in December 2021, the 
recommendations of the "Government Commission on the German Corporate Governance Code" 
published by the Federal Ministry of Justice and Consumer Protection (Bundesministerium der Justiz und 
für Verbraucherschutz) in the official section of the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) (hereafter the 
Code) in the version of December 16, 2019 and April 28, 2022 have been met and that the Code will also 
be met in the future.  
Only the following recommendation of the Code has not and will not be met as explained in the 
following:

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
• 
Code recommendation C.5: protection against overboarding 
Pursuant to Code recommendation C.5, a member of the Management Board of a listed company shall 
not be a member of more than two Supervisory Boards in listed non-group companies or hold comparable 
positions and shall not chair the Supervisory Board of a listed non-group company. 
Prof. Dr. med. Iris Löw-Friedrich is a member of the Supervisory Board of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
and elected Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board of Evotec SE. She also serves on the Executive 
Committee of UCB S.A. as Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice President Development and 
Medical Practices. Even if this Committee does not formally correspond to the Management Board of a 
Stock Corporation or SE, it is nevertheless comparable with such a Board, so that a deviation from Code 
recommendation C.5 is declared in this respect on a precautionary basis. 
Prof. Dr. med. Iris Löw-Friedrich always had sufficient time to fulfill her mandate as a member of the 
Supervisory Board of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA to the extent required. Prof. Dr. med. Löw-Friedrich 
plausibly demonstrated that this will continue to be the case in the future. 
Fresenius complies with all suggestions of the Code." 
4.1.7 
Share Capital 
As of December 31, 2022, the Company had issued a share capital of €563,237,277 represented by 
563,237,277 voting ordinary shares, each of which grants one vote in the general shareholders' meeting 
of the Company. All shares have been fully paid up.  
4.1.8 
Financial Year 
The financial year of the Company is the calendar year. 
4.1.9 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (PwC), Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37, 
60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany was appointed as the Company's independent auditor for the 
consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the financial years 
ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. PwC is a member of the German Chamber of Public 
Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Berlin, Germany. PwC audited the consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as at and for the financial years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 
2021, prepared in accordance with IFRS. Unqualified auditor's reports (uneingeschränkte 
Bestätigungsvermerke) were issued in respect of the consolidated financial statements mentioned above. 
4.1.10 
Major Shareholders 
The Else Kröner-Fresenius-Stiftung is the Company's major shareholder and held 151,842,509 ordinary 
shares of the Company on December 31, 2022, which represents 27.0% of the subscribed capital of the 
Company as of this date. 
Based on notices the Company received pursuant to Section 33 et seq. of the German Securities Trading 
Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) until May 5, 2023, no other shareholders held (directly or indirectly) as 
per the day of the notice, 5% or more of its outstanding voting rights. 
All notifications made by shareholders in accordance with the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) are published on the website of the Company www.fresenius.com under 
Investors/Share/Shareholder Structure. In furnishing our website address in this document, however, we 
do not intend to incorporate any information on our website into this document, and no information on 
our website should be considered to be part of this document. 
The remaining shares of the Company are in free float. All shares of the Company have identical voting 
rights, with the exception of certain voting restrictions that apply only to shares held by the Else Kröner-
Fresenius-Stiftung. There are no multiple voting rights.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
The Issuers are not aware of any arrangements which would result in a change in control of one of the 
Issuers. 
4.1.11 
Historical Financial Information 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the financial years ended 
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS and the 
respective auditor's reports (Bestätigungsvermerke) thereon, and the unaudited condensed consolidated 
interim financial statements of the Company as at and for the three-month period ended March 31, 2023, 
which were prepared in accordance with IFRS applicable to interim financial reporting (IAS 34), are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. The condensed consolidated interim financial statements 
as at and for the three-month period ended March 31, 2023 have not been audited or reviewed by 
independent auditors. 
4.1.12 
Selected Financial Information 
The selected consolidated financial information below (including ratios) reflects the full consolidation 
of FMC AG & Co. KGaA's financial statements in our financial statements. Fresenius Medical Care 
Management AG, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in the legal form of a stock corporation 
under German law (Aktiengesellschaft), is the general partner of FMC AG & Co. KGaA. Fresenius 
Medical Care Management AG, acting through its management board, is responsible for the 
management of FMC AG & Co. KGaA. The Company owned 32.17% of the subscribed capital of FMC 
AG & Co. KGaA at December 31, 2022. Fresenius Medical Care Management AG, the general partner 
of FMC AG & Co. KGaA, is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Through this structure, the 
Company has rights providing it with the ability to direct the relevant activities and, hence, the earnings 
of FMC AG & Co. KGaA. Therefore, FMC AG & Co. KGaA is fully consolidated in the consolidated 
financial statements of the Fresenius Group. Net income and net assets attributable to other shareholders 
of FMC AG & Co. KGaA are eliminated and recorded under noncontrolling interest in our consolidated 
statement of income and consolidated statement of financial position. However, the Company receives 
cash flows generated by FMC AG & Co. KGaA only to the extent they are distributed to the Company as 
dividends or payments under existing agreements, such as rental and service agreements. Dividends are 
received by the Company only in proportion to its economic interest in FMC AG & Co. KGaA and 
amounted to €127 million in 2022.  
The selected financial and business data below should be regarded only as an introduction and any 
investment decision should be based on a review of the entire Prospectus. 
The following tables present selected consolidated financial information for our Group prepared in 
accordance with IFRS. We derived the selected financial information from our audited consolidated 
financial statements for each of the financial years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
and from our unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the three-month period 
ended March 31, 2023. Where financial information in the following tables is presented as "audited", it 
indicates that the financial information has been taken from the audited consolidated financial statements 
as at and for the financial years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The label 
"unaudited" is used in the following tables to indicate financial information that (i) has not been taken 
but derived from the audited consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial years ended 
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (ii) has been taken or derived from the unaudited condensed 
consolidated interim financial statements as at and for the three-month period ended March 31, 2023, 
(iii) has been taken or derived from the Company's accounting records or (iv) has been taken or derived 
from the Company's internal management reporting systems. PwC audited and issued an unqualified 
auditor's report with respect to the consolidated financial statements of the financial years ended 
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. These auditor's reports are incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
Three months ended 
March 31, 
Change 
three 
months 
ended 
March 31, 
Change at 
constant 
currency 
three 
months 
ended 
March 31, 
Year ended  
December 31, 
Change 
year ended 
December 
31, 
Change at 
constant 
currency 
year ended 
December 
31, 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2023(1) 
2022 
2021 
2022(2) 
2022(2)(3) 
 
(unaudited) 
(audited, unless otherwise indicated) 
 
(€ in millions) 
(%) 
(€ in millions) 
(%) 
Selected Consolidated Statement of Income & Selected Other Consolidated Financial Information 
Revenue 
10,225 
9,720 
5 
5 
40,840 
37,520 
9 
4 
EBITDA(4) 
1,491 
1,595 
 
 
6,294 
6,825 
 
 
EBITDA, 
adjusted(2)(4)(5) 
1,585 
1,662(6) 
(5) 
(6) 
6,808 
6,854 
(1) 
(6) 
Operating 
Income 
(EBIT) 
787 
902 
 
 
3,321 
4,158 
 
 
Operating 
Income 
(EBIT), 
adjusted(4) 
908 
1,000(6) 
(9) 
(11) 
4,004 
4,252 
(6) 
(11) 
Net Income 
463 
599 
 
 
2,117 
2,819 
 
 
Net Income, 
adjusted(2)(4) 
554 
681(6) 
(19) 
(21) 
2,647 
2,900 
(9) 
(14) 
Net Income 
attributable to 
shareholders 
of  
Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA 
346 
413 
 
 
1,372 
1,818 
 
 
Net Income, 
adjusted, 
attributable to 
shareholders 
of Fresenius 
SE & Co. 
KGaA(4) 
389 
463(6) 
(16) 
(17) 
1,729 
1,867 
(7) 
(12) 
 
 
Three-month period ended 
March 31, 
Year ended  
December 31, 
 
2023 
2022 
2022 
2021 
 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
 
(€ in millions) 
 
 
 
 
 
Selected Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows Data 
 
 
 
 
 
Net Cash provided by operating 
activities 
175 
101 
4,198 
5,078 
Net Cash used in investing activities 
(403) 
(448) 
(2,607) 
(2,817) 
Net Cash used in financing activities 
(156) 
(375) 
(1,604) 
(1,452)

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
As of 
March 31, 
As of 
December 31, 
 
2023 
2022 
2021 
 
(unaudited) 
(audited, unless otherwise indicated) 
 
(€ in millions, except ratios) 
 
 
 
 
Selected Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Data and Net Debt 
 
 
 
 
Total assets  
76,553 
76,415 
71,962 
Total Shareholders' equity 
32,173 
32,218 
29,288 
Net Debt(7) 
25,444 
25,014 
24,391 
Ratio of Net Debt to EBITDA, 
adjusted(2)(8) 
3.79 
3.65 
3.51 
 
(1) 
Change based on figures for the three months ended March 31, 2023, calculated at exchange rates of the three months ended 
March 31, 2022. 
(2) 
Unaudited. 
(3) 
Change based on 2022 figures, calculated at 2021 exchange rates. 
(4) 
The Group's IFRS financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and the three months ended March 31, 2022 
as well as for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the year ended December 31, 2021 include special items. The relevant 
positions of the profit and loss statement were adjusted for these special items. 
The tables on the following pages show the special items and the reconciliation of EBITDA, EBIT, net income and net income 
attributable to the shareholders of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA on an adjusted basis to the corresponding historical amounts 
for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Fresenius reports 
these performance measures because it believes they are a helpful figure for evaluating the Fresenius Group's operating 
performance. These measures are not a performance indicator recognized under IFRS. The relevant measure reported is not 
necessarily comparable to similar performance figures published by other companies.

--- Page 57 ---
€ in millions 
Three months 
ended 
March 31, 
2023, adjusted 
Revaluation of 
Biosimilars 
contingent 
purchase price 
liabilities 
Expenses 
associated with 
the Fresenius 
cost and 
efficiency 
program 
Remeasurement 
Humacyte 
Investment 
Transaction 
costs 
mAbxience, 
Ivenix 
Legal Form 
Conversion 
Costs 
Fresenius 
Medical Care 
Legacy 
Portfolio 
Adjustments 
Three months 
ended 
March 31, 2023 
EBITDA 
1,585 
0 
(46) 
19 
(4) 
(3) 
(60) 
1,491 
Depreciation 
and 
amortization 
677 
- 
3 
- 
- 
- 
24 
704 
EBIT 
908 
0 
(49) 
19 
(4) 
(3) 
(84) 
787 
Net income 
554 
0 
(39) 
14 
(3) 
(2) 
(61) 
463 
Net income 
attributable 
to 
shareholders 
of Fresenius 
SE & Co. 
KGaA 
389 
0 
(25) 
5 
(2) 
(1) 
(20) 
346 
 
€ in millions 
Three months 
ended 
March 31, 
2022, adjusted 
Revaluation of 
Biosimilars 
contingent 
purchase price 
liabilities 
Expenses 
associated with 
the Fresenius 
cost and 
efficiency 
program 
Impacts related 
to the war in 
Ukraine 
Remeasurement 
Humacyte 
Investment 
Transaction 
costs 
mAbxience, 
Ivenix 
Three months 
ended 
March 31, 2022 
EBITDA 
1,662(6) 
2 
(34) 
(29) 
(4) 
(2) 
1,595 
Depreciation 
and 
amortization 
(662) 
- 
(30) 
(1) 
- 
- 
(693) 
EBIT 
1,000(6) 
2 
(64) 
(30) 
(4) 
(2) 
902 
Net income 
681(6) 
2 
(52) 
(27) 
(3) 
(2) 
599 
Net income 
attributable 
to 
shareholders 
of Fresenius 
SE & Co. 
KGaA 
463(6) 
2 
(35) 
(14) 
(1) 
(2) 
413

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
€ in millions 
Year ended  
December 31, 
2022, adjusted 
Revaluation of 
Biosimilars 
contingent 
purchase price 
liabilities 
Expenses 
associated with 
the Fresenius 
cost and 
efficiency 
program 
Impacts related 
to the war in 
Ukraine 
Transaction 
costs 
mAbxience, 
Ivenix 
Hyperinflation 
Türkiye 
Retroactive 
duties 
Remeasure-
ment 
Humacyte 
investment 
Net Gain 
related to 
InterWell 
Health 
Year ended  
December 31, 
2022(9) 
EBITDA 
6,808 
(23) 
(385) 
(56) 
(40) 
(12) 
(9) 
(103) 
114 
6,294 
Depreciation and 
amortization 
(2,804) 
- 
(81) 
(30) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(58) 
(2,973) 
EBIT(9) 
4,004 
(23) 
(466) 
(86) 
(40) 
(12) 
(9) 
(103) 
56 
3,321 
Net income 
2,647 
2 
(362) 
(78) 
(33) 
(12) 
(8) 
(76) 
37 
2,117 
Net income 
attributable to 
shareholders of 
Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA(9) 
1,729 
2 
(260) 
(43) 
(27) 
(9) 
(8) 
(24) 
12 
1,372 
 
€ in millions 
Year ended December 31, 2021, 
adjusted 
Revaluation of Biosimilars 
contingent purchase price liabilities 
Expenses associated with the 
Fresenius cost and efficiency 
program 
Year ended December 31, 2021(9) 
EBITDA 
6,854 
49 
(78) 
6,825 
Depreciation and amortization 
(2,602) 
- 
(65) 
(2,667) 
EBIT(9) 
4,252 
49 
(143) 
4,158 
Net income 
2,900 
33 
(114) 
2,819 
Net income attributable to shareholders of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA(9) 
1,867 
33 
(82) 
1,818

--- Page 59 ---
(5) 
EBITDA (earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization) means operating income plus depreciation 
and amortization and is derived from our operating income determined in accordance with IFRS. EBITDA is used in our 
capital management and is relevant in major financing arrangements of the Company. We are presenting this figure on the 
basis that investors may find it helpful as a measure of our performance. EBITDA should not be considered to be an alternative 
to net earnings determined in accordance with IFRS or to cash flow from operations, investing activities or financing activities. 
In addition, not all funds depicted by EBITDA are available for management's discretionary use. For example, a substantial 
portion of such funds are subject to contractual restrictions and functional requirements for debt service, to fund necessary 
capital expenditures and to meet other commitments from time to time. EBITDA, as calculated, may not be comparable to 
similarly titled measures reported by other companies. EBITDA includes EBITDA of FMC AG & Co. KGaA because we 
fully consolidate FMC AG & Co. KGaA. 
(6) 
Adjusted figure as shown in the consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2023. 
(7) 
Net Debt includes short-term debt, short-term debt from related parties, current portion of long-term debt, current portion of 
long-term lease liabilities, current portion of bonds, current portion of convertible bonds, long-term debt less current portion, 
long-term lease liabilities less current portion, bonds less current portion, convertible bonds less current portion, and long-
term liabilities to and loans from related parties, less cash and cash equivalents. Fresenius reports this performance measure 
because it believes it is a helpful figure for evaluating the Fresenius Group's operating performance. This measure is not a 
performance indicator recognized under IFRS. The measure reported is not necessarily comparable to similar performance 
figures published by other companies. 
(8) 
In calculating our ratio of Net Debt to EBITDA, adjusted, a key financial figure for the Group, our EBITDA, adjusted for the 
twelve months ended March 31, 2023 and for the financial years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 have 
been further adjusted to reflect twelve months of EBITDA effect from acquisitions/divestitures within such period.  
EBITDA, adjusted for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to €6,870 million. EBITDA, adjusted for the year ended 
December 31, 2021 amounted to €6,867 million. 
EBITDA, adjusted for the twelve months ended March 31, 2023 amounted to €6,749 million. 
Fresenius reports this performance measure because it believes it is a helpful figure for evaluating the Fresenius Group's 
operating performance. This measure is not a performance indicator recognized under IFRS. The measure reported is not 
necessarily comparable to similar performance figures published by other companies. 
At LTM average exchange rates for both Net Debt and EBITDA. 
(9) 
Audited. 
4.1.13 
Trend Information and Significant Changes 
While the period since December 31, 2022 was characterized by slightly positive economic signals in 
the global economy, increased energy prices across Europe compared to 2022 and ongoing geopolitical 
tensions continue to burden the market environment. The difficult macroeconomic environment had a 
negative impact on business development. This included increased uncertainties, inflation-related cost 
increases, staff shortages, supply chain disruptions, and increased energy costs as set forth or referenced 
under "2.1.1.1 Adverse global economic conditions and disruptions in financial markets, in particular 
those caused by international conflicts such as the current war between Russia and Ukraine and the 
ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic, could have an adverse effect on our businesses.", "2.2.1.4 We 
could be adversely affected if we experience shortages of goods or material price or energy price 
increases from our suppliers, or an inability to access new and improved products and technology.", 
"5.9 Recent Events" and "5.10 Outlook". All business segments of the Fresenius Group are affected by 
this challenging overall economic environment which has a direct impact on customer and patient 
behavior. 
Other than that, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Company since 
December 31, 2022 and no significant change in the financial performance or in the financial position of 
the Fresenius Group since March 31, 2023. 
4.1.14 
Borrowing and Funding 
The variable tranche of €175 million of the Company's Schuldschein Loans in the total amount of €421 
million originally due on January 31, 2024 was repaid prior to maturity on January 31, 2023. The variable 
tranche of €264 million of the Company's Schuldschein Loans in the total amount of €378 million 
originally due on September 25, 2023 was also repaid prior to maturity on March 23, 2023. On April 13, 
2023, Fresenius launched a Schuldschein Loan in the volume of €300 million (demand-induced increase 
possible) in tranches of three, five and seven years with fixed and variable interest rates. The

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Schuldschein Loan includes an ESG component relating to quality of care and product safety. The 
envisaged settlement date is May 30, 2023. 
The Company adjusts its bilateral credit facilities as needed on an ongoing basis and in the ordinary 
course of business to secure liquidity at attractive terms at all times. 
Together with Fresenius Ireland, the Company also has a commercial paper program under which short 
term debt up to a maximum of €1.5 billion may be issued from time to time. 
Other than that, there have been no material changes in the borrowing and funding structure of the 
Company since December 31, 2022. 
4.1.15 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Please refer to "5.8 Business of the Fresenius Group – Legal Proceedings". 
4.1.16 
Material Contracts  
Please refer to "5.7 Business of the Fresenius Group – Material Contracts". 
4.1.17 
Rating 
S&P1,2 has assigned a solicited long-term credit rating of BBB3 (outlook negative) to the Company.4 
Moody's2, 5 has assigned a solicited long-term credit rating of Baa36 (outlook stable) to the Company.4 
Fitch Ratings Limited has assigned a solicited long-term credit rating of BBB-7 (outlook negative) to 
the Company8, 9.10 
 
 
 
1 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in Ireland and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
 
European Parliament and of the Council of September 16, 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended by Regulation (EC) No 
 
513/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 11, 2011 and by Regulation (EC) No 462/2013 of the 
 
European Parliament and of the Council of May 21, 2013 (the CRA Regulation). 
2 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is 
updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The 
European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following 
such update. 
3 
According to S&P: "An obligor rated 'BBB' has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse 
 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its 
 
financial commitments. Ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show 
 
relative standing within the major rating categories." 
4 
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity 
 
being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
 
by the rating agency at any time. 
5 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in Germany and is registered under the CRA Regulation.  
6 
According to Moody's: "Obligations rated Baa are subject to moderate credit risk. They are considered medium-grade and as 
 
such may possess speculative characteristics. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to the respective rating 
 
classification. The modifier 3 indicates that the obligation ranks in the lower end of its generic rating category." 
7 
According to Fitch Ratings Limited and Fitch: "'BBB' ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The 
capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic conditions are more 
likely to impair this capacity. The modifiers '+' or '-' may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating 
categories."  
8  
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is 
updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The 
European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following 
such update. 
9 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
10  A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity 
being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
4.2 
Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company (Issuer) 
4.2.1 
General Information 
The legal and commercial name of the company is Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company. 
Fresenius Ireland was incorporated as a public limited company under the laws of Ireland on 
November 18, 2016 and is governed by the laws of Ireland. The company has its registered office and 
business office at 3A Fingal Bay Business Park, Balbriggan, Co. Dublin, Ireland. Its phone number is 
+353 19 680 164. The duration of Fresenius Ireland is indefinite. Fresenius Ireland conducts its business 
under its legal name. 
Fresenius Ireland is registered under the company number 593152 with the Companies Registration 
Office of Ireland. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Fresenius Ireland is 549300GFSOR556BX2290. 
4.2.2 
Corporate Purpose 
Pursuant to section 3 of its memorandum of association, the corporate purpose of Fresenius Ireland is: 
"(A) (i) To carry on the business of a finance company within the group of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
together with its subsidiaries (the "Fresenius Group") including the raising and procurement of 
all kinds of finance for the Fresenius Group, whether on a secured or unsecured basis, in any 
currency and in any jurisdiction including by way of the issue of debt, including the creation 
and issue of listed or unlisted notes, bonds, euro bonds, debentures, debt instruments, bonds, 
promissory notes or other securities, and the borrowing of money to on-lend to other Fresenius 
Group companies. 
(ii) 
To negotiate borrowings and loans, and to borrow moneys on such terms and conditions as may 
be deemed appropriate and to loan moneys to the Fresenius Group, and to aid the Fresenius 
Group with capital, credit, means or resources for the prosecution of any works, undertakings, 
projects or enterprises. 
(iii) 
To identify, negotiate, enter into and manage short term investments in consultation with the 
Fresenius Group treasury function and in accordance with the Fresenius Group's financing 
strategy, including to acquire and hold either in the name of the Company or in that of any 
nominee, shares, stocks, gifts, debentures, debenture stock, bonds, notes, obligations, securities 
and financial instruments of any kind whatsoever issued or guaranteed by any company 
wherever incorporated or carrying on business, any government, sovereign ruler, province, 
region, commissioners, public utility body or authority, supreme, dependent, municipal, local or 
otherwise in any part of the world, and to exercise and enforce all rights and powers conferred 
by or incidental to the ownership of any such shares, stock, obligations or other securities. 
(iv) 
To engage in foreign currency and interest rate transactions in accordance with the Fresenius 
Group's financing strategy including but not limited to entering into foreign currency spot and 
forward rate exchange contracts, futures, options, forward rate agreements, swaps, caps, floors, 
collars and other foreign exchange and interest rate hedging arrangements and other instruments 
as are similar to, or derivatives of any of the foregoing and as such instruments may be developed 
from time to time. 
(v) 
As an object of the Company and as a pursuit in itself or otherwise, and whether for the purpose 
of making a profit or avoiding a loss or for any other purpose whatsoever, to engage in currency 
and interest rate transactions, credit default swaps, hedges or other transactions and any other 
financial or other transactions of whatever nature, including any transaction for the purpose of, 
or capable of being for the purposes of, avoiding, reducing, minimizing, hedging against or 
otherwise managing the risk of any loss, cost, expense or liability arising, or which may arise, 
directly or indirectly, from a change or changes in any interest rate or currency exchange rate or 
in the price or value of any property, asset, commodity, index or liability or the credit standing 
or any person or entity or from any other risk or factor affecting the company's undertaking and

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
business, including but not limited to dealings, whether involving purchases, sales or otherwise 
in any credit-default contracts, currency, spot and forward exchange rate contracts, forward rate 
agreements caps, floors and collars, futures, options, swaps, and any other credit default 
currency interest rate and other hedging arrangements and such other instruments as are similar 
to, or derivatives of any of the foregoing. 
(vi) 
To guarantee, grant indemnities in respect of, support or secure, whether by personal covenant 
or by mortgaging or charging all or any part of the undertaking, property and assets (present and 
future) and uncalled capital of the Company, or by both such methods, the performance of the 
contracts or obligations of and the repayment or payment of the principal amounts of and 
premiums, interest and dividends on any securities or indebtedness of any company in the 
Fresenius Group or otherwise associated with the Fresenius Group notwithstanding the fact that 
the Company may not receive any consideration, advantage or benefit, direct or indirect from 
entering into such guarantee or other arrangement or transaction contemplated herein. 
(vii) 
To hold funds for the purpose of engaging in the activities specified in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and 
(vi) above. 
(viii) To supply advice and to render services to enterprises and companies of the Fresenius Group 
and to third parties. 
(B) 
To engage in any type of activity in furtherance of any of the activities specified under (A) 
above." 
4.2.3 
Principal Activities  
The principal activity of Fresenius Ireland is to act as finance company within the Fresenius Group, 
including the provision of loans to the Company and to companies of the Fresenius Group financed with 
capital contributions and funds acquired from the capital market, bank loans and loans from other 
companies of the Fresenius Group. 
4.2.4 
Organizational Structure and Major Shareholder 
Fresenius Ireland is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fresenius Finance Holdings Limited, Balbriggan, Co. 
Dublin, Ireland, which in turn is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Fresenius Ireland belongs 
to the Fresenius Group. For more information on the organizational structure of the Fresenius Group, 
please see "4.1.4 Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (Issuer and Guarantor) – Organizational Structure". 
4.2.5 
Share Capital  
As of the date of this Prospectus, Fresenius Ireland had an authorized capital of €1,000,000.00 divided 
into 1,000,000 ordinary shares of €1.00 each, 25,000 of which have been issued and fully paid up.  
4.2.6 
Capital Contributions 
In the past, Fresenius Ireland received various unconditional capital contributions credited to Fresenius 
Ireland's reserves from its sole shareholder Fresenius Finance Holdings Limited. These were, among 
others, on-lent by Fresenius Ireland within the Fresenius Group as intercompany loans and used to fund 
the acquisition of IDC Salud Holding S.L.U. (Quirónsalud) and for general corporate purposes. 
In 2019, Fresenius Ireland received a total of €140,000 thousand by way of unconditional capital 
contributions credited to Fresenius Ireland's reserves from its sole shareholder Fresenius Finance 
Holdings Limited. The contributions were partly on-lent by Fresenius Ireland within the Fresenius Group 
as an intercompany loan and were used to fund acquisitions by Fresenius Helios. In addition, the 
contributions will partly be used, by way of intercompany loans, to fund future acquisitions by Fresenius 
Helios. 
In 2020, Fresenius Ireland received a sum of €250,000 thousand by way of an unconditional capital 
contribution credited to Fresenius Ireland's reserves from its sole shareholder Fresenius Finance Holdings

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
Limited. The proceeds of the contribution were on-lent by Fresenius Ireland within the Fresenius Group 
by way of intercompany loans and used to fund an acquisition by Fresenius Helios. 
These unconditional capital contributions do not constitute loans and accordingly there is no servicing 
burden on them, and the sole shareholder has no right to seek their repayment. The capital contributions 
were not made in return for any share capital in Fresenius Ireland nor for any rights such as voting rights, 
a share in the profits, or share surplus assets of Fresenius Ireland on liquidation and the use to which their 
proceeds are put is a matter for the absolute discretion of the directors of Fresenius Ireland. 
4.2.7 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies  
Fresenius Ireland has three directors. Fresenius Ireland does not have a supervisory board. Fresenius 
Ireland is a privately held company and is therefore not subject to public corporate governance standards. 
The directors of Fresenius Ireland are Ulf Freytag, Alan McDermott and Oonagh Hayes (company 
secretary).  
There are no potential conflicts between any duties to Fresenius Ireland of the members of the board of 
directors of Fresenius Ireland and their private interests and or other of their duties.  
Ulf Freytag is also Senior Vice President Corporate Tax of the Company. Alan McDermott is also an 
International Treasury Manager of Fresenius Ireland. Oonagh Hayes is also a director of Amesto Global 
(Ireland) Limited. 
The directors can be contacted under the business address of Fresenius Ireland. 
4.2.8 
Financial Year, Auditor 
The financial year of Fresenius Ireland is the calendar year. 
Fresenius Ireland has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers Ireland, One Spencer Dock, North Wall Quay, 
Dublin 1, Ireland, as independent auditor for the financial years ended December 31, 2022 and 
December 31, 2021. PricewaterhouseCoopers Ireland is a member of and accredited by the Chartered 
Accountants Ireland (CAI).  
4.2.9 
Historical Financial Information 
The audited unconsolidated financial statements of Fresenius Ireland as at and for the financial years 
ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS and 
the respective auditors' reports thereon, are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
4.2.10 
Selected Financial Information 
The following selected financial information has been extracted or derived from the audited 
unconsolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS of Fresenius Ireland as at and for 
the financial years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.  
 
Year ended 
December 31, 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(audited) 
(€ in thousands) 
Revenue 
- 
- 
Total comprehensive income 
43,403 
44,253 
Net cash flows from operating activities 
49,730 
45,065 
Net cash flows from investing activities 
681,079 
(430,887) 
Net cash from financing activities 
(730,809) 
385,822

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
As of 
December 31, 
2022 
 
2021 
 
(audited, unless otherwise indicated) 
(€ in thousands) 
Total assets 
5,337,248 
6,020,799 
Total equity 
1,590,817 
1,547,414 
Net financial debt 
(non-current loans and borrowings plus current loans and 
borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents)(1) 
3,706,447 
4,433,780 
(1) Unaudited. 
Fresenius Ireland reports this performance measure because it believes it is a helpful figure for evaluating Fresenius Ireland's 
operating performance. This measure is not a performance indicator recognized under IFRS. The measure reported is not 
necessarily comparable to similar performance figures published by other companies. 
4.2.11 
Outstanding Financings  
As of the date of this Prospectus, Fresenius Ireland issued the notes listed below under the Program. As 
of the date of this Prospectus, no further bonds have been issued by Fresenius Ireland. The proceeds and 
other available funds were on-lent as intercompany loans and used for general corporate purposes 
including refinancing of existing financial liabilities and to fund acquisitions, e.g., the acquisition of 
Quirónsalud.  
Issuer 
Principal amount in million 
Maturity 
Fresenius Ireland 
€700 
January 30, 2024 
Fresenius Ireland 
€500 
October 1, 2025 
Fresenius Ireland 
€700 
February 1, 2027 
Fresenius Ireland 
€500 
October 1, 2028 
Fresenius Ireland 
€500 
October 1, 2031 
Fresenius Ireland 
€500 
January 30, 2032 
All outstanding notes issued by Fresenius Ireland are unsecured and guaranteed by the Company. The 
holders have the right to request that Fresenius Ireland repurchases the applicable issue of notes at 101% 
of principal amount plus accrued interest upon the occurrence of a change of control of the Company 
followed by a decline in the rating of the Company. With regard to the notes issued by Fresenius Ireland 
with a maturity on January 30, 2024, February 1, 2027 and January 30, 2032, Fresenius Ireland may 
redeem those notes at any time at a price of 100% of principal plus accrued interest and a premium 
calculated pursuant to the terms of the notes.  
Fresenius Ireland is also a co-borrower under the Syndicated Credit Facility which was fully undrawn as 
of the date of this Prospectus.  
For more information on the outstanding financings of the Fresenius Group, please refer to "5.7 Business 
of the Fresenius Group – Material Contracts". 
4.2.12 
Trend Information and Significant Changes 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Fresenius Ireland since December 31, 
2022. 
Regarding any significant change in the financial performance or the financial position of the Fresenius 
Group see "4.1.13 Trend Information and Significant Changes". 
4.2.13 
Borrowing and Funding 
Throughout the period from January 1, 2023 until the date of this Prospectus, Fresenius Ireland continued 
to issue and redeem euro denominated short term debt under Fresenius' commercial paper program which 
allows for outstanding issuances up to a maximum of €1.5 billion.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
Other than as indicated above, there have been no material changes in the borrowing and funding 
structure of Fresenius Ireland since December 31, 2022. 
4.2.14 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Please refer to "5.8 Business of the Fresenius Group – Legal Proceedings". 
4.2.15 
Material Contracts 
Please refer to "5.7 Business of the Fresenius Group – Material Contracts". 
4.2.16 
Rating 
Fresenius Ireland has not been assigned any credit rating with its cooperation or at its request.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
4.3 
Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company (Issuer) 
4.3.1 
General Information 
The legal and commercial name of the company is Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company. 
Fresenius Ireland II was incorporated as a public limited company under the laws of Ireland on April 6, 
2017 and is governed by the laws of Ireland. The company has its registered office and business office 
at 3A Fingal Bay Business Park, Balbriggan, Co. Dublin, Ireland. Its phone number is +353 19 680 164. 
The duration of Fresenius Ireland II is indefinite. Fresenius Ireland II conducts its business under its legal 
name. 
Fresenius Ireland II is registered under the company number 601944 with the Companies Registration 
Office of Ireland. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Fresenius Ireland II is 5299003EJP0V2ACKHG10. 
4.3.2 
Corporate Purpose 
Pursuant to section 3 of its memorandum of association, the corporate purpose of Fresenius Ireland II is: 
"(A) (i) To carry on the business of a finance company within the group of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
together with its subsidiaries (the "Fresenius Group") including the raising and procurement of 
all kinds of finance for the Fresenius Group, whether on a secured or unsecured basis, in any 
currency and in any jurisdiction including by way of the issue of debt, including the creation 
and issue of listed or unlisted notes, bonds, euro bonds, debentures, debt instruments, bonds, 
promissory notes or other securities, and the borrowing of money to on-lend to other Fresenius 
Group companies. 
(ii) 
To negotiate borrowings and loans, and to borrow moneys on such terms and conditions as may 
be deemed appropriate and to loan moneys to the Fresenius Group, and to aid the Fresenius 
Group with capital, credit, means or resources for the prosecution of any works, undertakings, 
projects or enterprises. 
(iii) 
To identify, negotiate, enter into and manage short term investments in consultation with the 
Fresenius Group treasury function and in accordance with the Fresenius Group's financing 
strategy, including to acquire and hold either in the name of the Company or in that of any 
nominee, shares, stocks, gifts, debentures, debenture stock, bonds, notes, obligations, securities 
and financial instruments of any kind whatsoever issued or guaranteed by any company 
wherever incorporated or carrying on business, any government, sovereign ruler, province, 
region, commissioners, public utility body or authority, supreme, dependent, municipal, local or 
otherwise in any part of the world, and to exercise and enforce all rights and powers conferred 
by or incidental to the ownership of any such shares, stock, obligations or other securities. 
(iv) 
To engage in foreign currency and interest rate transactions in accordance with the Fresenius 
Group's financing strategy including but not limited to entering into foreign currency spot and 
forward rate exchange contracts, futures, options, forward rate agreements, swaps, caps, floors, 
collars and other foreign exchange and interest rate hedging arrangements and other instruments 
as are similar to, or derivatives of any of the foregoing and as such instruments may be developed 
from time to time. 
(v) 
As an object of the Company and as a pursuit in itself or otherwise, and whether for the purpose 
of making a profit or avoiding a loss or for any other purpose whatsoever, to engage in currency 
and interest rate transactions, credit default swaps, hedges or other transactions and any other 
financial or other transactions of whatever nature, including any transaction for the purpose of, 
or capable of being for the purposes of, avoiding, reducing, minimizing, hedging against or 
otherwise managing the risk of any loss, cost, expense or liability arising, or which may arise, 
directly or indirectly, from a change or changes in any interest rate or currency exchange rate or 
in the price or value of any property, asset, commodity, index or liability or the credit standing 
or any person or entity or from any other risk or factor affecting the company's undertaking and

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
business, including but not limited to dealings, whether involving purchases, sales or otherwise 
in any credit-default contracts, currency, spot and forward exchange rate contracts, forward rate 
agreements caps, floors and collars, futures, options, swaps, and any other credit default 
currency interest rate and other hedging arrangements and such other instruments as are similar 
to, or derivatives of any of the foregoing. 
(vi) 
To guarantee, grant indemnities in respect of, support or secure, whether by personal covenant 
or by mortgaging or charging all or any part of the undertaking, property and assets (present and 
future) and uncalled capital of the Company, or by both such methods, the performance of the 
contracts or obligations of and the repayment or payment of the principal amounts of and 
premiums, interest and dividends on any securities or indebtedness of any company in the 
Fresenius Group or otherwise associated with the Fresenius Group notwithstanding the fact that 
the Company may not receive any consideration, advantage or benefit, direct or indirect from 
entering into such guarantee or other arrangement or transaction contemplated herein. 
(vii) 
To hold funds for the purpose of engaging in the activities specified in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and 
(vi) above. 
(viii) To supply advice and to render services to enterprises and companies of the Fresenius Group 
and to third parties. 
(B) 
To engage in any type of activity in furtherance of any of the activities specified under (A) 
above." 
4.3.3 
Principal Activities  
The principal activity of Fresenius Ireland II is to act as finance company within the Fresenius Group, 
including the provision of loans to the Company and to companies of the Fresenius Group financed with 
capital contributions and funds acquired from the capital market, bank loans and loans from other 
companies of the Fresenius Group. 
4.3.4 
Organizational Structure and Major Shareholder 
Fresenius Ireland II is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fresenius Finance Holdings Limited, Balbriggan, 
Co. Dublin, Ireland, which in turn is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Fresenius Ireland II 
belongs to the Fresenius Group. For more information on the organizational structure of the Fresenius 
Group, please see "4.1.4 Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (Issuer and Guarantor) – Organizational Structure". 
4.3.5 
Share Capital  
As of the date of this Prospectus, Fresenius Ireland II had an authorized capital of $1,000,000.00 divided 
into 1,000,000 ordinary shares of $1.00 each, 27,000 of which have been issued and fully paid up.  
4.3.6 
Capital Contributions 
On July 3, 2017 Fresenius Ireland II received a sum of $350,000 thousand by way of an unconditional 
capital contribution credited to Fresenius Ireland II's reserves from its sole shareholder Fresenius Finance 
Holdings Limited. The full amount of this contribution was on-lent by Fresenius Ireland II within the 
Fresenius Group as an intercompany loan and used for general corporate purposes. 
In 2020, Fresenius Ireland II received a sum of $110,000 thousand by way of an unconditional capital 
contribution credited to Fresenius Ireland II's reserves from its sole shareholder Fresenius Finance 
Holdings Limited. The full amount of this contribution was on-lent by Fresenius Ireland II within the 
Fresenius Group as an intercompany loan and used for general corporate purposes. 
These unconditional capital contributions do not constitute loans and accordingly there are no servicing 
burdens on them, and the sole shareholder has no right to seek their repayment. The capital contributions 
were not made in return for any share capital in Fresenius Ireland II nor for any rights such as voting 
rights, a share in the profits, or share surplus assets of Fresenius Ireland on liquidation and the use to 
which their proceeds are put is a matter for the absolute discretion of the directors of Fresenius Ireland.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
4.3.7 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies  
Fresenius Ireland II has three directors. Fresenius Ireland II does not have a supervisory board. Fresenius 
Ireland II is a privately held company and is therefore not subject to public corporate governance 
standards. 
The directors of Fresenius Ireland II are Ulf Freytag, Alan McDermott and Oonagh Hayes (company 
secretary).  
There are no potential conflicts between any duties to Fresenius Ireland II of the members of the board 
of directors of Fresenius Ireland II and their private interests and or other of their duties.  
Ulf Freytag is also Senior Vice President Corporate Tax of the Company. Alan McDermott is also an 
International Treasury Manager of Fresenius Ireland II. Oonagh Hayes is also a director of Amesto 
Global (Ireland) Limited. 
The directors can be contacted under the business address of Fresenius Ireland II. 
4.3.8 
Financial Year, Auditor 
The financial year of Fresenius Ireland II is the calendar year. 
Fresenius Ireland II has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers Ireland, One Spencer Dock, North Wall 
Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland, as independent auditor for the financial years ended December 31, 2022 and 
December 31, 2021. PricewaterhouseCoopers Ireland is a member of and accredited by the CAI.  
4.3.9 
Historical Financial Information 
The audited unconsolidated financial statements of Fresenius Ireland II as at and for the financial years 
ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS and 
the respective auditors' reports thereon, are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
4.3.10 
Selected Financial Information 
The following selected financial information has been extracted or derived from the audited 
unconsolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS of Fresenius Ireland II as at and 
for the financial years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.  
 
Year ended 
December 31, 
Year ended 
December 31, 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(audited) 
 
($ in thousands) 
Revenue 
- 
- 
Total comprehensive income 
20,754 
17,048 
Net cash flows from operating activities 
20,964 
14,826 
Net cash flows from investing activities 
(20,961) 
(59,010) 
Net cash used in financing activities 
- 
44,178

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
As of 
December 31, 
 
2022 
2021 
 
(audited, unless otherwise indicated) 
 
($ in thousands) 
Total assets 
1,050,213 
1,028,845 
Total equity 
549,275 
528,521 
Net financial debt 
(non-current loans and borrowings plus current 
loans and borrowings minus cash and cash 
equivalents)(1) 
499,971 
499,958 
(1) Unaudited. 
Fresenius Ireland II reports this performance measure because it believes it is a helpful figure for evaluating Fresenius 
Ireland II's operating performance. This measure is not a performance indicator recognized under IFRS. The measure 
reported is not necessarily comparable to similar performance figures published by other companies. 
4.3.11 
Outstanding Financings  
On March 29, 2021, Fresenius Ireland II borrowed two term loans of $200 million (outstanding balance 
as of December 31, 2022) and $300 million (outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022) via bilateral 
agreements with banks, which mature in September 2024 and March 2024 respectively. Both agreements 
are fully guaranteed by the Company. The term loans were used for general corporate purposes and to 
refinance existing indebtedness (including a former term loan in U.S. dollars of Fresenius Ireland II). 
Fresenius Ireland II is also a co-borrower under the Syndicated Credit Facility which was fully undrawn 
at as of the date of this Prospectus.  
For more information on the outstanding financings of the Fresenius Group, please refer to "5.7 Business 
of the Fresenius Group – Material Contracts". 
4.3.12 
Trend Information and Significant Changes 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Fresenius Ireland II since December 31, 
2022. 
Regarding any significant change in the financial performance or the financial position of the Fresenius 
Group see "4.1.13 Trend Information and Significant Changes". 
4.3.13 
Borrowing and Funding 
On March 8, 2023, Fresenius Ireland II entered into a bilateral revolving credit facility agreement of $150 
million which matures in March 2025. The agreement is fully guaranteed by the Company. As of the date 
of this Prospectus, $17.5 million was undrawn. The revolving credit facility is used for general corporate 
purposes. 
Other than as indicated above, there have been no material changes in the borrowing and funding 
structure of Fresenius Ireland II since December 31, 2022. 
4.3.14 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Please refer to "5.8 Business of the Fresenius Group – Legal Proceedings". 
4.3.15 
Material Contracts 
Please refer to "5.7 Business of the Fresenius Group – Material Contracts".

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
4.3.16 
Rating 
Fresenius Ireland II has not been assigned any credit rating with its cooperation or at its request.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
5. 
BUSINESS OF THE FRESENIUS GROUP 
5.1 
Overview 
The Fresenius Group is a global healthcare group providing products and services for dialysis, hospitals, 
and outpatient medical care. In addition, Fresenius focusses on hospital operations. It also manages 
projects and provides services for hospitals and other healthcare facilities. The healthcare sector is one 
of the world's largest industries. It is relatively insensitive to economic fluctuations compared to other 
sectors. Major trends affecting the healthcare sector are: (i) rising medical needs deriving from aging 
population; (ii) the growing number of chronically ill and multimorbid patients; (iii) stronger demand for 
innovative products and therapies; (iv) advances in medical technology; (v) the growing health 
consciousness, which increases the demand for healthcare services and facilities and (vi) the increasing 
demand for digital health services for patients. In the emerging countries, drivers are: (i) expanding 
availability and correspondingly greater demand for basic healthcare and (ii) increasing national incomes 
and hence higher spending on healthcare. At the same time, the cost of healthcare is rising and claiming 
an ever-increasing share of national income. Healthcare structures are being reviewed and cost-cutting 
potential identified in order to contain the steadily rising healthcare expenditures. However, such 
measures cannot compensate for the cost pressure. Market-based elements are increasingly being 
introduced into the healthcare system to create incentives for cost- and quality-conscious behavior. 
Overall treatment costs will be reduced through improved quality standards. In addition, ever-greater 
importance is being placed on disease prevention and innovative reimbursement models linked to 
treatment quality standards. Furthermore, increasing digitalization in healthcare can contribute to 
improved patient care and greater cost efficiency. 
The Fresenius Group includes the following four business segments: Fresenius Medical Care, Fresenius 
Kabi, Fresenius Helios and Fresenius Vamed. All indication of competitive positions or business 
segments or product segments in this section are based on internal estimates (using publicly available 
data, where possible), unless otherwise indicated. 
5.1.1 
Fresenius Medical Care 
Fresenius Medical Care is the world's leading provider of products and services for individuals with renal 
diseases, based on publicly reported revenue and number of patients treated.  
5.1.2 
Fresenius Kabi 
Fresenius Kabi specializes in products for the therapy and care of critically and chronically ill patients. 
The portfolio includes biopharmaceuticals, clinical nutrition, medical technology (MedTech) products, 
intravenously administered generic drugs (generic IV drugs), and IV fluids. 
5.1.3 
Fresenius Helios 
Fresenius Helios is Europe's leading private hospital operator according to publicly reported revenue. 
Under the holding Helios Health, the company includes Helios Germany, Helios Spain (Quirónsalud) 
and Helios Fertility (Eugin Group). Helios Germany operates a total of 87 hospitals, around 240 
outpatient clinics, 6 prevention centers and 21 occupational health centers and treats approximately 5.5 
million patients annually (as of December 31, 2022). 
Helios Spain operates 50 hospitals, around 100 outpatient centers and around 300 occupational risk 
prevention centers and treats approximately 18.9 million patients in Spain and Latin America annually 
(as of December 31, 2022). In addition, Fresenius Helios is active in Latin America with 7 hospitals and 
as a provider of medical diagnostics. 
Helios Fertility's network comprises 44 clinics and additional 37 sites across 10 countries on 3 continents 
(as of December 31, 2022). Helios Fertility offers a wide spectrum of services in the field of fertility 
treatments.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
5.1.4 
Fresenius Vamed 
Fresenius Vamed is a global hospital project and services specialist. It manages projects and provides 
services for hospitals as well as other healthcare facilities worldwide and is a post-acute care provider in 
Central Europe. The portfolio ranges along the entire value chain from project development, planning 
and turnkey construction, via maintenance and technical management, to total operational management. 
The services are aimed at various areas of healthcare, ranging from prevention and acute care to 
rehabilitation and nursing.  
5.2 
Our Business  
The Fresenius Group has a global presence in more than 90 countries and has an international revenue 
network, maintaining more than 90 production sites worldwide. In the year ended December 31, 2022, 
the Fresenius Group generated revenue of €40,840 million (2021: €37,520 million) and an EBIT, adjusted 
of €4,004 million (2021: €4,252 million).11 In the year ended December 31, 2022, EBITDA, adjusted of 
the Fresenius Group was €6,808 million (2021: €6,854 million). 12 The impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic had a negative effect of an estimated 0 to -1 percentage points on currency-adjusted revenue 
growth. The Fresenius Group had a mid-single digit organic revenue growth in the past even in a volatile 
economic environment.  
FMC AG & Co. KGaA is currently fully consolidated into the financial statements of the Fresenius 
Group. However, the Company announced in February 2023 that it intends to deconsolidate FMC AG & 
Co. KGaA through a change of legal form of FMC AG & Co. KGaA from a partnership limited by shares 
(Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) into a stock corporation governed by German law 
(Aktiengesellschaft) by the end of 2023 at the latest. As a result of the change of legal form, the Company 
will no longer have a controlling influence (beherrschender Einfluss) on FMC AG & Co. KGaA and, 
therefore, FMC AG & Co. KGaA will then no longer be, for the purposes of the consolidated financial 
statements of the Company, a fully consolidated part of the Fresenius Group, but will be accounted for 
according to the equity method. The Company's share of 32.17% in the subscribed capital of, and voting 
rights in, FMC AG & Co. KGaA will remain unaffected by the change of legal form. For more 
information on the intended change of legal form and deconsolidation of FMC AG & Co. KGaA, please 
see "5.9 Recent Events". 
5.2.1 
Strategy  
The Fresenius Group has executed a comprehensive diagnosis of its portfolio at sub-segment level, in 
order to highlight growth opportunities aligned with market trends, further refine its management 
approach for each business its operates, and identify areas to strengthen its portfolio focus. Going 
forward, Fresenius wants to increasingly orient its portfolio along three platforms: (Bio)Pharma – 
including clinical nutrition –, Medical Technology (MedTech) and Care Provision. With these platforms, 
Fresenius aims to cater to major trends in healthcare and become a more therapy-focused company. At 
the same time, the platforms aim to address attractive value pools in healthcare, which are expected to 
provide opportunities for future profitable growth. 
To improve its management effectiveness and enable a targeted approach to capital allocation, the 
Fresenius Group will differentiate between its operating companies, Fresenius Kabi and Fresenius Helios 
(each with 100% ownership share by the Company), and its strategic capital investments, Fresenius 
Medical Care (32.17% ownership share by the Company) and Fresenius Vamed (77% ownership share 
by the Company), as of the reporting year 2023 (subject to the planned deconsolidation of FMC AG & 
Co. KGaA by the end of 2023 at the latest; please see "5.9 Recent Events" for more information on the 
intended deconsolidation of FMC AG & Co. KGaA). The Fresenius Group intends to prioritize growth 
investments for the healthcare products and services of tomorrow in its operating companies Fresenius 
Kabi and Fresenius Helios. Across all segments, the Group is seeking opportunities to strengthen the 
 
11 
For further information on adjustments to EBIT for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 as well as 
for the financial years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, please see "Selected Financial Information", in particular 
footnotes (1), (3) and (4) thereto, on pages 54 et seqq. of this Prospectus. 
12 
For further information on adjustments to EBITDA for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 as well 
as for the financial years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, please see "Selected Financial Information", in particular 
footnotes (1), (3) and (4) thereto, on pages 54 et seqq. of this Prospectus.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
focus on core business cells, in order to safeguard a sound capital structure and availability of capital for 
future growth prospects.  
The Fresenius Group has reinvigorated its focus on structural productivity and is running corresponding 
programs in all its business segments and at the corporate center. Structural productivity improvements 
are expected to offset market headwinds and to create financial flexibility for future growth investments 
in the coming years. The new target is to achieve annual structural cost savings of around €1 billion at 
EBIT level from 2025 onwards. To achieve the targeted cost savings, one-time costs of around €700 to 
€750 million are expected at EBIT level, of which around two thirds are expected to be incurred in 2023. 
In order to reach this goal, Fresenius is running targeted programs across all business segments and the 
corporate center with the oversight and steering of the Group. Key elements include measures to optimize 
the network, sales and administrative costs, procurement, as well as divesting from non-core assets. 
Initiatives include the FME25 program of Fresenius Medical Care (see "5.2.2 Fresenius Medical Care"), 
Vision 2026 for Fresenius Kabi (see "5.2.3 Fresenius Kabi") and a new global IT organization. With 
regards to the new global IT organization, Fresenius Digital Technology entered a strategic partnership 
with Capgemini, a global leader in the IT sector, to streamline its IT services. As of October 2022, 
Capgemini has taken over operational delivery of standard IT services, while Fresenius Digital 
Technology focuses on its core competencies as business partner for all Fresenius segments. 
Due to Fresenius' cost and efficiency program, Fresenius has already realized €152 million in savings 
after taxes and non-controlling interests in 2022, offset by €260 million in one-time costs. In line with 
previous practice, these expenses are classified as special items. 
5.2.2 
Fresenius Medical Care  
Fresenius Medical Care is the world's leading provider of products and services for individuals with renal 
diseases, based on publicly reported revenue and number of patients treated. It provides dialysis and 
related services for individuals with renal diseases as well as other healthcare services. Fresenius Medical 
Care also develops, manufactures and distributes a wide variety of healthcare products. Fresenius 
Medical Care's healthcare products include hemodialysis machines, peritoneal dialysis cyclers, dialyzers, 
peritoneal dialysis solutions, hemodialysis concentrates, solutions and granulates, bloodlines, renal 
pharmaceuticals, systems for water treatment and acute cardiopulmonary and apheresis products. 
Fresenius Medical Care supplies dialysis clinics it owns, operates or manages with a broad range of 
products and also sells dialysis products to other dialysis service providers. Fresenius Medical Care's 
other healthcare services include value and risk-based care programs, pharmacy services, vascular, 
cardiovascular and endovascular specialty services as well as ambulatory surgery center services, 
physician nephrology and cardiology services and ambulant treatment services. In order to establish a 
holistic treatment approach, Fresenius Medical Care also offers complementary assets.  
Fresenius Medical Care is the world's leading provider of dialysis services with a market share of 
approximately 9% based on the number of treated patients. As of December 31, 2022, Fresenius Medical 
Care provided dialysis treatment to 344,687 patients (345,425 patients as of December 31, 2021) at 4,116 
dialysis clinics (4,171 as of December 31, 2021) worldwide, located in around 50 countries. In 2022, it 
provided 52,310,131 dialysis treatments (52,871,887 dialysis treatments in 2021).  
Revenue of Fresenius Medical Care increased by 10% (increased by 2% in constant currency) to €19,398 
million in 2022 (2021: €17,619 million), of which 69% were derived in North America, 14% in 
Europe/Middle East/Africa and 17% in Asia Pacific and Latin America. Fresenius Medical Care's 
revenue represented 47% of our consolidated Group revenue in 2022 (2021: 47%). In the year ended 
December 31, 2022, EBITDA (before special items) of Fresenius Medical Care was €3,518 million (2021: 
€3,501 million). Although FMC AG & Co. KGaA is fully consolidated in the consolidated financial 
statements of the Fresenius Group, the Company owned 32.17% of the subscribed capital of FMC AG 
& Co. KGaA at December 31, 2022 and receives cash flows from it only to the extent that dividends are 
paid to it and from existing agreements such as rental and service agreements. In February 2023, the 
Company announced that it intends to deconsolidate FMC AG & Co. KGaA through a change of legal 
form of FMC AG & Co. KGaA from a partnership limited by shares (Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) 
into a stock corporation governed by German law (Aktiengesellschaft) by the end of 2023 at the latest. 
As a result of the change of legal form, the Company will no longer have a controlling influence

--- Page 74 ---
5.2.2.1 
74 
 
(beherrschender Einfluss) on FMC AG & Co. KGaA and, therefore, FMC AG & Co. KGaA will then no 
longer be, for the purposes of the consolidated financial statements of the Company, a fully consolidated 
part of the Fresenius Group, but will be accounted for according to the equity method. The Company's 
share of 32.17% in the subscribed capital of, and voting rights in, FMC AG & Co. KGaA will remain 
unaffected by the change of legal form. For more information on the intended change of legal form and 
deconsolidation of FMC AG & Co. KGaA, please see "5.9 Recent Events". 
The number of dialysis patients worldwide increased by approximately 3% in 2022 (2021: 2%).  
Fresenius Medical Care launched its FME25 cost and efficiency program in 2021 and started to 
streamline its business model in 2022, creating two global segments – Care Delivery and Care 
Enablement –, which were introduced on January 1, 2023. Fresenius Medical Care thus aims to align its 
operating model with the expected value drivers of the future. Fresenius Medical Care intends to 
accelerate and extend its FME25 program to further optimize processes along the new operating model. 
Fresenius Medical Care increases the savings target for the program from €500 million to €650 million 
by 2025 and now expects to invest up to €650 million in the same period. 
By the end of 2022, Fresenius Medical Care delivered €131 million (on EBIT level) of sustainable 
savings under the FME25 program, exceeding the original target of €40 to €70 million for the same 
period. In further support of its turnaround efforts the Company intends to drive additional operational 
efficiency and cost reduction measures. In Care Delivery, this is expected to include productivity and 
operating leverage improvements in the core dialysis services business. In Care Enablement, Fresenius 
Medical Care is expected to focus on pricing initiatives, productivity measures and review of its global 
manufacturing footprint. 
On August 24, 2022, Fresenius Medical Care completed a business combination among Fresenius Health 
Partners, the value-based care division of Fresenius Medical Care North America (FMCNA), with 
InterWell Health, a physician organization driving innovation in the kidney care industry in the United 
States, and Cricket Health, a provider of value-based kidney care with an industry-leading patient 
engagement and data platform in the United States. The transaction was completed after regulatory 
approval was received in the United States and other customary closing conditions were satisfied. The 
business combination of InterWell Health, Fresenius Health Partners and Cricket Health created the 
leading provider of value-based renal therapy in the United States The new company, InterWell Topco 
L.P., operates under the InterWell Health brand. 
 Healthcare Services 
Fresenius Medical Care provides dialysis treatment and related laboratory and diagnostic services 
through its global network of outpatient dialysis clinics. At its clinics, Fresenius Medical Care provides 
hemodialysis treatments at individual stations through the use of dialysis machines and disposable 
products.  
As part of the dialysis therapy, Fresenius Medical Care provides a variety of services to end-stage kidney 
disease (ESKD) patients at its dialysis clinics in the United States. These services include administering 
erythropoietin stimulating agents (ESAs), which are synthetic engineered hormones that stimulate the 
production of red blood cells. ESAs are used to treat anemia, a medical complication that ESKD patients 
frequently experience. Fresenius Medical Care administers ESAs to most of its patients in the United 
States. ESAs have historically constituted a material portion of Fresenius Medical Care's overall costs of 
treating its ESKD patients. 
Fresenius Medical Care's clinics also offer services for home dialysis patients, the majority of whom 
receive peritoneal dialysis treatment. For these patients, Fresenius Medical Care provides materials, 
training and patient support services, including clinical monitoring, follow-up assistance and arranging 
for delivery of the supplies to the patient's residence.  
Fresenius Medical Care also provides dialysis services under contract to hospitals in the United States 
on an "as needed" basis for hospitalized ESKD patients and for patients suffering from acute kidney 
failure. Fresenius Medical Care provides services to these patients either at their bedside, using portable 
dialysis equipment, or at the hospital's dialysis site. Contracts with hospitals provide for payment at

--- Page 75 ---
5.2.2.2 
5.2.2.3 
75 
 
negotiated rates that are generally higher than the Medicare reimbursement rates for chronic in-clinic 
outpatient treatments.  
 Other Health Care Services 
In the United States, Fresenius Medical Care's other health care services include, but are not limited to, 
renal pharmacy services, vascular, cardiovascular and endovascular specialty services as well as vascular 
care ambulatory surgery center services, participation in value and risk-based care programs, such as 
shared savings and capitation arrangements, and management and operation of nephrology and 
cardiology physician practices. Outside the U.S., Fresenius Medical Care's other services include our 
stake in a leading operator of day hospitals in Australia, operation of renal hospitals in China and 
comprehensive and specialized health check-up centers, vascular access, and other chronic treatment 
services. 
 Healthcare Products  
Based on internal estimates, publicly available market data and Fresenius Medical Care's data of 
significant competitors, Fresenius Medical Care is the largest manufacturer and distributor of equipment 
and related products for hemodialysis and the second largest manufacturer and distributor of peritoneal 
dialysis products, measured by publicly reported revenues. Fresenius Medical Care sells its healthcare 
products to customers in around 150 countries and it also uses them in its own healthcare operations. 
Most of its customers are dialysis clinics. Fresenius Medical Care produces and distributes a wide range 
of machines and disposables for hemodialysis (HD), peritoneal dialysis (PD) and critical care, including 
acute dialysis.  
Hemodialysis Machines 
Fresenius Medical Care's advanced line of hemodialysis machines includes four series. Fresenius 
Medical Care developed the 4008, 5008 and 6008 series for its markets outside of North America and 
the 2008 series for the North American market. In 2016, Fresenius Medical Care introduced the 6008 
series with the launch of the 6008 CAREsystem. In January 2019, Fresenius Medical Care launched the 
4008A dialysis machine, which was designed to meet the needs of emerging markets. With the 
acquisition of NxStage Medical, Inc. in 2019, Fresenius Medical Care broadened its offerings of home 
hemodialysis treatment options. 
Dialyzers 
Dialyzers are specialized filters that remove uremic toxins and excess water from the blood during 
hemodialysis. Fresenius Medical Care estimates that it is the leading worldwide producer of polysulfone 
dialyzers. Fresenius Medical Care manufactures several series including its F-series and advanced FX 
series of dialyzers as well as its HemoflowTM and its Optiflux® series, the leading dialyzer brand in the 
U.S.  
All membranes manufactured by Fresenius Medical Care are produced from highly biocompatible 
synthetic materials. For example, the novel FX CorAL dialyzer contains an innovative Helixone® hydro 
membrane which forms a hydro-layer on the inner membrane surface for reduced protein absorption, 
resulting in a membrane with low immune response and high selective permeability. 
Home Dialysis Products 
Fresenius Medical Care offers a full line of home dialysis therapy, including products, services and 
solutions for continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD), automated peritoneal dialysis (APD) 
and home hemodialysis treatments.  
Acute dialysis 
Acute dialysis is intended to provide a full portfolio of proven blood purification therapies for critically 
ill patients with Acute Kidney Injury. Fresenius Medical Care's acute dialysis products intend to provide 
a full portfolio of proven blood purification therapies for critically ill patients with acute kidney injury.

--- Page 76 ---
5.2.2.4 
5.2.2.5 
76 
 
Other Dialysis Products 
Fresenius Medical Care manufactures and/or distributes arterial, venous, single needle and pediatric 
bloodlines. It produces liquid, dry and semi-dry acid concentrates. 
 Other Healthcare Products and Renal Pharmaceuticals 
Therapeutic apheresis  
Within the portfolio of therapeutic apheresis products, Fresenius Medical Care offers extracorporeal 
therapy options for patients who cannot be sufficiently treated through conventional pharmaceutical 
regimens. This therapy uses selective adsorbers and filters for the cleaning of blood or plasma 
components. 
Heart and lung therapies (acute cardiopulmonary products)  
In December 2016, Fresenius Medical Care acquired Xenios AG, a company focusing on products for 
extracorporeal heart and lung support for patients with severe heart and lung failure, in particular for the 
indicators of severe acute respiratory distress syndrome, acute exacerbations of chronic obstructive 
pulmonary disease and cardiogenic shock. The products used for an extracorporeal gas exchange offer a 
wide range of heart and lung support from partial CO2 removal up to full oxygenation. Xenios AG's 
Novalung®, a heart and lung support system for the treatment of acute respiratory or cardiopulmonary 
failure, was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in February 2020 and is the first 
extracorporeal membrane oxygenation system to be cleared for more than six hours of use as 
extracorporeal life support. In early May 2021, Xenios AG received approval for a patient kit in China, 
which followed China's National Medical Products Administration approval of the Xenios console in 
December 2020. As a result, a complete heart and lung support system is now permitted for 
extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) therapy in China. 
Renal Pharmaceuticals  
Fresenius Medical Care continues to acquire and in-license renal pharmaceuticals to improve dialysis 
treatment for its patients. Below are the primary renal pharmaceuticals Fresenius Medical Care has 
acquired or for which it has obtained licenses for use. 
• 
PhosLo®, a calcium-based phosphate binder, as well as an authorized generic version of 
PhosLo® and Phoslyra®, a liquid formulation of PhosLo®. Phosphate binders keep phosphorus 
levels in ESKD patients in a healthy range. Fresenius Medical Care continues to commercialize 
the authorized generic version of calcium acetate as well as Phoslyra® in the U.S. market. 
• 
Venofer® (iron sucrose) and Ferinject® (ferric carboxymaltose). Both drugs are used to treat 
iron deficiency anemia experienced by non-dialysis chronic kidney disease patients as well as 
dialysis patients. 
• 
Velphoro®, a novel iron-based phosphate binder. 
• 
The phosphate binders OsvaRen® and Phosphosorb®. 
Fresenius Medical Care also in-licenses various other pharmaceuticals including, but not limited to, 
erythropoietin stimulating agents, products to treat pruritis, pro-hormones of the active form of vitamin 
D3, and other products. 
 Markets 
To obtain and manage information on the status and development of global, regional and national markets 
Fresenius Medical Care has developed the Market & Competitor Survey (MCS). It uses the MCS within 
the company as a tool to collect, analyze and communicate current and essential information on the 
dialysis market, developing trends, its market position, and those of Fresenius Medical Care's 
competitors. Country-by-country surveys are performed at the end of each calendar year which focus on 
the total number of patients treated for ESKD, the treatment modalities selected, products used, treatment

--- Page 77 ---
5.2.3.1 
77 
 
location and the structure of ESKD patient care providers. All information received is consolidated at a 
global and regional level and analyzed and reported together with publicly available information 
published by Fresenius Medical Care's competitors. While Fresenius Medical Care believes the 
information contained in its surveys and competitor publications to be reliable, the company has not 
independently verified the data or any assumptions from which the MCS is derived or on which the 
estimates they contain are based, and it does not make any representation as to the accuracy of such 
information. Except as otherwise specified herein, all patient and market data in this section have been 
derived using the MCS. 
Fresenius Medical Care estimates that the global dialysis market (products and services) was worth 
approximately €82 billion in 2022 comprising approximately €15 billion of dialysis products and 
approximately €67 billion of dialysis care (including renal pharmaceuticals). The number of dialysis 
patients worldwide increased by around 3% in 2022.  
Fresenius Medical Care is the world's leading provider of dialysis services with a market share of about 
9% based on the number of all treated patients worldwide in 2022. Fresenius Medical Care is also the 
market leader in dialysis products with a 35% worldwide dialysis product market share in 2022. 
5.2.3 
Fresenius Kabi 
Fresenius Kabi specializes in products for the therapy and care of chronically and critically ill patients. 
Representing 19% of the Group's consolidated revenue in 2022 (2021: 19%), Fresenius Kabi's product 
portfolio comprises a range of highly complex biopharmaceuticals, clinical nutrition, medical 
technologies, and I.V. generic drugs. Within biopharmaceuticals, Fresenius Kabi offers, among others, 
biosimilar drugs with a focus on autoimmune diseases and oncology. Fresenius Kabi's clinical nutrition 
portfolio includes a wide selection of enteral and parenteral nutrition products. In the segment of medical 
technologies, Fresenius Kabi offers vital disposables, infusions pumps, apheresis machines, cell therapy 
devices, and more. 
Fresenius Kabi increased revenue by 9% to €7,850 million in 2022 (2021: €7,193 million), of which 34% 
were derived in Europe, 32% in North America, 22% in Asia Pacific and 12% in Latin America/Africa. 
In the year ended December 31, 2022, EBITDA (before special items) of Fresenius Kabi was €1,576 
million (2021: €1,601 million). 
With its Vision 2026, Fresenius Kabi has developed a strategic plan to transform the company for the 
next decade and to better capture new growth opportunities. Fresenius Kabi intends to continue to focus 
on high-quality products for critically and chronically ill patients. Within this clear direction, Fresenius 
Kabi has defined three growth vectors, next to the strengthening of resilience of its volume businesses 
("3+1" strategy): (i) broadening its biopharmaceutical offering; (ii) expansion in the medical technology 
(MedTech) area, and (iii) further roll out of clinical nutrition. In 2022, Fresenius Kabi focused on 
strengthening these growth vectors: with the acquisition of a majority stake in mAbxience, Fresenius 
Kabi believes that it formed a fully integrated, vertical biopharma business that holds a strong portfolio 
and pipeline, provides extensive and cost-efficient manufacturing, and is building a targeted commercial 
footprint in Fresenius Kabi's and mAbxience's target regions. Fresenius Kabi's newly bundled medical 
technology (MedTech) business has been further strengthened by the acquisition of Ivenix. With the 
Ivenix infusion system, Fresenius Kabi is further entering the infusion therapy market in the United 
States. Through successful organic launches, Fresenius Kabi believes that it has become the leading IV 
lipid nutrition supplier in North America, further strengthening its global nutrition business in addition 
to its strong base in Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific. In parallel, Fresenius Kabi has continued 
to build resilience in its volume-driven IV business, and intends to extend the portfolio with continued 
launches in all regions. 
 Biopharmaceuticals 
In the field of biopharmaceuticals, Fresenius Kabi specializes in the development of products for the 
treatment of autoimmune diseases and for use in oncology and has a pipeline of molecules in various 
stages of development. In December 2022, Fresenius Kabi received FDA approval for Idacio, an 
adalimumab biosimilar that can be used in chronic inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, 
Crohn's disease, and psoriasis (skin disease). Since its introduction in 2019, Fresenius Kabi has launched 
the product in over 35 countries in Europe, the Middle East, North America, Latin America, and Asia-

--- Page 78 ---
5.2.3.2 
5.2.3.3 
78 
 
Pacific. In addition, Fresenius Kabi offers KabiCare®, a comprehensive patient support program aimed 
at patients and healthcare professionals alike. It was specifically developed to support people living with 
a chronic inflammatory disease who are being treated with a biosimilar product from Fresenius Kabi. 
The program includes tailored information for patients about autoimmune diseases and the biosimilar 
medicine.  
Stimufend® is a pegfilgrastim biosimilar, a drug used to treat patients who experience neutropenia 
following chemotherapy. The European Commission granted marketing authorization for Stimufend® for 
all approved indications of the reference medicine in 2022. In 2022, Fresenius Kabi launched Stimufend® 
in France and the FDA also granted approval for Stimufend® in September 2022. 
MSB11456 is a biosimilar candidate of tocilizumab used in various indications such as rheumatoid 
arthritis. In 2022, Fresenius Kabi announced that the FDA had accepted for review its 351(k) Biologics 
License Application (BLA) for MSB11456, Fresenius Kabi's biosimilar candidate for Actemra® 
(tocilizumab). 
In August 2022, Fresenius Kabi additionally announced that the Marketing Authorization Application 
(MAA) for its tocilizumab biosimilar candidate (MSB11456) of RoActemra® has been accepted for 
review by European Medicines Agency (EMA). The tocilizumab biosimilar candidate represents the third 
biosimilar candidate from Fresenius Kabi submitted in the European Union. 
 MedTech 
Medical devices are used for the administration of pharmaceuticals and include infusion and nutrition 
pumps, infusion management systems, anesthesia monitoring, as well as disposables, including infusion 
sets, extension lines, enteral nutrition tubes and monitoring electrodes. A specific range of these products 
is designed for pediatric use. 
In the area of medical devices, Fresenius Kabi focuses on developing new products as well as on further 
developing its existing portfolio. This industry in particular is characterized by technological innovations. 
Digitalization is a more crucial factor here than in any other product segment of Fresenius Kabi. Devices 
not only have to be continuously developed in terms of their application, but they also have to be 
increasingly embedded in the IT system landscape of hospitals, blood donation centers and plasma 
centers. In the future, Fresenius Kabi aims to benefit from this trend and is already focusing on the 
continuous development of its software solutions.  
In the transfusion technology product segment, Fresenius Kabi launched the CUE cell processing system. 
This device has been specifically developed for smaller filling quantities and end-use applications in the 
area of cell therapy and will complement Fresenius Kabi's LOVO cell processing system, which is 
already available on the market. 
In the area of extracorporeal photopheresis (ECP), Fresenius Kabi continues to focus on the introduction 
of the Amicus Blue system and the associated Phelix light box in Europe, as well as on the further 
development of an ECP application method, which only requires one vascular access. In this therapy 
method, certain blood cells outside the body are treated with ultraviolet light (phototherapy). This method 
is used to treat various immunological diseases, including to kill malignant immune cells (lymphocytes) 
outside the body. 
Another focus is the further development of Fresenius Kabi's devices and the corresponding data 
management software. This includes the transfusion technology devices for plasma (Aurora Xi/optimized 
Nomogram Software), blood processing (Compoguard) and platelets (AmiCORE/COM tec advanced). 
 Clinical Nutrition 
Fresenius Kabi is a leading provider of clinical nutrition products as well as related medical-technical 
products and disposables for administering these products. Clinical nutrition provides care for patients 
who cannot nourish themselves normally or sufficiently. This includes, for example, patients in intensive 
care and those who are seriously or chronically ill.

--- Page 79 ---
5.2.3.4 
5.2.3.5 
79 
 
There are two types of clinical nutrition therapy: parenteral nutrition and enteral nutrition. Parenteral 
nutrition is administered intravenously when the intestinal function is impaired. This is necessary if the 
condition of a patient does not allow them to absorb and metabolize essential nutrients orally or as sip 
and tube feed in a sufficient quantity. Enteral nutrition is administered in the form of a sip or tube feed 
using the gastro-intestinal tract. Fresenius Kabi is one of the few companies worldwide to offer both 
forms of clinical nutrition. 
In the parenteral nutrition product segment, Fresenius Kabi focuses its research and development on 
products that are designed to improve clinical treatment and the nutritional condition of patients, and on 
innovative containers such as its multi-chamber bags. In 2022, Fresenius Kabi also continued 
development work on parenteral products. Fresenius Kabi concentrates on formulations that are tailored 
to the needs of individual patient groups. In addition to its global development projects, Fresenius Kabi 
also works on parenteral nutrition products for specific markets such as the United States, China, and 
Europe. 
In the area of enteral nutrition, Fresenius Kabi focuses its research and development activities on product 
concepts that aim to support therapeutic compliance and thus the success of therapy. In particular, the 
flavor of enteral products is known to be a critical parameter in ensuring the acceptance of the products 
and compliance with the nutritional therapy. Fresenius Kabi has been continuously working to develop 
products with a wide variety of flavors which are designed to offer the users variations and thus provide 
them with the best possible support to complete the necessary nutritional therapy. In this regard, 
Fresenius Kabi plans to expand its offer of plant-based products as a response to customers' demands and 
preferences. Another focus of Fresnius Kabi's work is on the development of products with an increased 
calorie and protein concentration. 
Fresenius Kabi is one of the leading suppliers for enteral nutrition and market leader in parenteral 
nutrition (market data is based on company research and refers to the market relevant for Fresenius Kabi). 
Fresenius Kabi plans to roll out its clinical nutrition offerings into countries where it does not offer a 
comprehensive range yet. With a further expanded product portfolio as well as the use of new distribution 
channels, Fresenius Kabi intends to develop its global footprint. 
 IV Drugs  
Fresenius Kabi offers a broad range of intravenously administered generic drugs across a wide array of 
therapeutic categories: oncology drugs, anesthetics & analgesics, anti-infectives, critical care drugs. For 
the administration of these products, Fresenius Kabi provides the related devices. The portfolio is geared 
towards the treatment of and care for chronically and critically ill patients. Fresenius Kabi has a global 
network of production centers. Fresenius Kabi manufactures finished medicines in its own plants and, at 
some sites, also produces active pharmaceutical ingredients (API). Fresenius Kabi's investments aim, 
among other things, to continuously modernize and automate the production processes at its plants. 
Fresenius Kabi is continuously working on the extension of its product portfolio in the area of generic 
IV drugs. Fresenius Kabi is developing generic drug formulations that are available at the time of market 
launch, i.e., immediately after the patents of the originator drugs expire. 
In addition, Fresenius Kabi is working on the continuous improvement of IV drugs already on the market. 
For example, it develops IV drugs with new formulations and dosage forms, as well as improved primary 
packaging. In 2022, Fresenius Kabi had more than 100 active projects in the area of generics. In addition, 
Fresenius Kabi is constantly working on product improvements which are designed to bring additional 
benefits to both medical personnel and patients. For example, Fresenius Kabi develops ready-to-use 
products which are designed to prevent application errors in day-to-day medical care. These include 
ready-to use solutions in its freeflex infusion bags, the KabiPac infusion bottle and pre-filled syringes. 
 Infusion Therapy  
For infusion therapy, Fresenius Kabi offers products for fluid and blood volume replacement. Moreover, 
Fresenius Kabi's product portfolio includes a broad range of infusion technologies as well as disposables 
for the delivery of medication for all pharmaceuticals administered via the vein.

--- Page 80 ---
5.2.3.6 
5.2.3.7 
80 
 
Fresenius Kabi provides a wide range of infusion therapy products, including the following: basic 
infusion solutions which consist primarily of salts (electrolytes), carbohydrates and water. They are 
infused when the body water content or electrolyte balance is impaired, as well as in acute need of energy 
supply and a lack of salt or specific minerals. They also serve as carrier solutions for intravenously 
administered drugs. In addition, Fresenius Kabi offers a comprehensive range of products in infusion 
bags and bottles, such as freeflex PVC-free infusion bags and KabiPac plastic bottles.  
Furthermore, Fresenius Kabi manufactures blood volume substitution solutions that include 
hydroxyethyl starch derived from waxy maize. Artificial blood volume replacement products (colloids) 
are often used to treat patients suffering from hemodynamic instability due to acute blood losses, e.g., 
resulting from an accident or during surgery.  
Fresenius Kabi also provides medical-technical equipment and disposables, such as cannulas, tubes and 
pumps for administering infusion solutions. 
In the area of infusion solutions, Fresenius Kabi focuses its development activities on improving and 
developing new container technologies to improve the daily work routine and safety of healthcare 
professionals. With freeflex+, Fresenius Kabi further rolled out a needle-free injection port and is 
working on new projects to complement this container range. 
 Production Facilities  
Fresenius Kabi operates an international production network with production sites in Europe, North 
America, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Africa. 
 Market  
The market for biopharmaceuticals from the therapeutic areas of oncology and autoimmune diseases – 
consisting of originator products and biosimilars – grew by approximately 20% to around €176 billion 
in 2022 (market data in this section 5.2.3.7 is based on company research and refers to the markets 
relevant for Fresenius Kabi. This is subject to annual volatility due to currency fluctuations and patent 
expiries of original drugs in the IV drug market, among other things.) Fresenius Kabi believes that the 
acquisition of a majority stake in mAbxience significantly strengthens Fresenius Kabi in this growth 
market, in which Fresenius Kabi participates through biosimilars and contract development and 
manufacturing of biopharmaceuticals. 
In 2022, the global market for clinical nutrition was worth about €10 billion. In Europe, the market grew 
by about 4%. In Latin America, the clinical nutrition market grew by around 10% and in Southeast Asia 
by around 7%. There is growth potential in clinical nutrition worldwide, because nutrition therapies are 
often not yet sufficiently used in patient care, although studies have proven their medical and economic 
benefits. In cases of health- or age-induced nutritional deficiencies, for example, the administration of 
clinical nutrition can reduce hospital costs through shorter stays. Fresenius Kabi intends to roll out its 
clinical nutrition offerings into countries where it does not offer a comprehensive range yet. 
The market for devices and related dedicated disposables was estimated to be worth more than €4 billion 
in 2022. 
The market for MedTech Transfusion Medicine and Cell Therapies (TCT) grew by around 4% to about 
€3.5 billion in 2022. 
The global market for generic IV drugs and IV fluids was worth about €50 billion in 2022 (market 
definition adjusted: among other items, sales of off-patent products is included). With significant regional 
differences, the market generated low-to-mid-single digit growth. Fresenius Kabi was able to enter 
additional segments of the global addressable market due to the expansion of its product portfolio in the 
areas of complex formulations, differentiated generics, and prefilled syringes, among others.

--- Page 81 ---
5.2.4.1 
81 
 
5.2.4 
Fresenius Helios 
Fresenius Helios is Europe's largest private hospital operator in terms of revenue. In addition, Fresenius 
Helios also provides services in the field of fertility treatments. The company comprises Helios Germany, 
Helios Spain (Quirónsalud) and Helios Fertility (Eugin Group).  
Helios Germany operates a total of 87 acute care hospitals, including seven maximum care clinics, around 
240 outpatient clinics, 6 risk prevention centers and 21 occupational health centers. It provides expertise 
in all areas and at all levels of clinical care. As of December 31, 2022, Helios Germany has approximately 
30,400 beds and treats approximately 5.5 million patients (thereof approximately 4.4 million outpatients 
and 1.1 million inpatients) annually. 
Helios Spain offers the full spectrum of inpatient and outpatient care in 50 hospitals, around 100 
outpatient centers and around 300 occupational risk prevention (ORP) centers (as of December 31, 2022). 
In addition, the company is active in Latin America with 8 hospitals and as a provider of medical 
diagnostics. Helios Spain (including Latin America) has approximately 8,300 beds and treated 
approximately 18.9 million patients in 2022 (thereof approximately 17.8 million outpatients and 1.1 
million inpatients). In January 2022, Helios Spain completed the acquisition of the specialty hospitals 
Centro Oncológico de Antioquia (COA) and Clínica Clofán. The clinics, located in Colombia's second 
largest city, Medellín, expand the existing Quirónsalud network, which already includes six hospitals and 
ten diagnostic centers in the country. 
Helios Fertility's network comprises 44 clinics and additional 37 sites across 10 countries on 3 continents. 
It offers a wide spectrum of state-of-the-art services in the field of fertility treatments. In 2022, the Eugin 
Group acquired various smaller clinics totalling to around €11 million, including in the important 
Brazilian market. 
Fresenius Helios' business model is primarily based on organic growth. Organic growth is achieved 
through increases in inpatient admissions and price. In Germany, the so called DRG inflator is the main 
driver for the price increase for hospital services. In Spain, price increases for private hospitals are 
individually negotiated with health insurance companies, and for privately operated hospitals in the 
public system (public-private partnerships or PPPs) they are typically linked to an inflation index. 
Further organic growth potential arises from the opportunity for private hospital operators to expand their 
networks by building new hospitals, particularly in Spain, and from developing new patient care models, 
particularly in Germany. To benefit from the trend towards outpatient treatments, Helios Germany is 
expanding its outpatient services offerings.  
In addition, opportunities for inorganic growth arise from potential further consolidation potential, 
especially in the highly fragmented Spanish private Spanish hospital market and in Latin America. In 
Germany, the company selectively seizes inorganic growth opportunities that fit into its strategy of 
building specialized centers within regional clusters. The expanding of fertility services marks another 
growth driver. 
In 2022, Fresenius Helios generated 29% of Fresenius' total Group revenue (2021: 29%). Fresenius 
Helios' total revenue in 2022 was €11,716 million, up 8% from €10,891 million in 2021. In the year 
ended December 31, 2022, EBITDA (before special items) of Fresenius Helios was €1,690 million 
(2021: €1,600 million).  
 Market  
The market volume of acute care hospitals in Germany was around €123 billion in 2021 (unless otherwise 
indicated, in this section 5.2.5.1 and in each case, the most recent market data available refers to the year 
2021 as no more recent data has been published: German Federal Statistical Office, 2021 data; German 
Hospital Institute (DKI), Krankenhaus Barometer 2022; the market is defined by total costs of the 
German acute care hospitals (gross), less academic research and teaching). Personnel costs accounted for 
around 61% and material costs for 37% of total hospital costs. Personnel and material costs rose by 
around 5% and 4%, respectively.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on the number of inpatient treatment cases in German 
hospitals in 2021, with a total of 16.7 million cases, or about 14% fewer patients, treated than in the pre-
pandemic year 2019. 
The economic situation is viewed critically by German hospitals overall. Compared with the previous 
year, the economic situation has deteriorated significantly. 43% of German hospitals reported losses in 
2021 (2020: 29%). The proportion of hospitals with an annual profit was 44% (2020: 60%). The main 
reason for the worsening economic situation are the COVID-19-related revenue losses. 
In addition to the often difficult economic and financial situation, there is an enormous need for capital 
expenditure. This results from medical and technological progress, increased quality requirements, and 
necessary building renovations, as well as investments in digitalization. Moreover, the federal states of 
Germany have not been able to adequately meet their legal obligation to provide the necessary financial 
resources in recent years. The German Hospital Institute (DKI) estimates that the annual investment 
requirements of German hospitals amount to over €6.8 billion. As of the date of this Prospectus, less than 
half of this investment comes from public funds.  
In order to continue to assist hospitals with the revenue shortfalls resulting from the COVID-19 
pandemic, full-year compensation for COVID-19-related revenue shortfalls (coronavirus compensation) 
remained in place in Germany in 2022. The reference benchmark was hospital-specific revenue from 
2019 (excluding non-personnel costs). To determine the amount of reimbursement, 2019 revenue is 
compared to 2022 revenue (excluding non-personnel costs). In addition, revenue from compensation 
payments or from supply surcharges (for patients who test positive for COVID-19) for 2022 is taken into 
account. The resulting revenue shortfall in 2022 compared to the base year 2019 is offset by 85% to 
reimburse costs incurred. 
To offset the additional costs of gas and energy, the German Parliament (Deutscher Bundestag) resolved 
in December 2022 to introduce a gas and electricity price brake and thus also aid payments for hospitals. 
To support hospitals, compensation totaling €6.0 billion is to be provided for increased costs for the 
purchase of natural gas, heat, and electricity and for other inflation-related additional costs via the 
liquidity reserve of the healthcare fund. 
The change in value figure (DRG inflator) is relevant for the increase in the reimbursement of hospital 
treatments in Germany and is redetermined each year for the following year. For 2023, it was set at 3.45% 
(2022: 2.29%, 2021: 2.53%). 
The private Spanish hospital market had a volume of around €18 billion in 2021 (market data based on 
company research and refers to the addressable market of Quirónsalud. Market definition includes both 
inpatient and outpatient healthcare services. Market definition includes neither PPPs nor ORPs).  
By the beginning of 2022, the healthcare system in Spain had already returned to normality, as it was 
before the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. Due to the high vaccination rate of over 85%, as well as a 
large proportion of recovered people in the population, hospitals recorded hardly any severe COVID-19 
cases. Hospital operations returned to normal with some safety precautions. As a result, average facility 
occupancy rates returned to pre-COVID-19- pandemic levels. In contrast, the price and cost increases of 
2022 as a result of the high inflation rate in Spain posed a challenge for the entire industry. In particular, 
there were significant additional burdens in the area of energy costs, which could only be partially offset 
by efficiency and savings measures. 
The global market for fertility services was worth about €13 billion in 2021. Market growth is driven by 
demographic and health trends as well as changing lifestyles. The global market for fertility services is 
highly fragmented, representing an attractive opportunities for consolidation.  
5.2.5 
Fresenius Vamed 
Fresenius Vamed manages projects and provides services for hospitals and other healthcare facilities 
worldwide and is a post-acute care provider in Central Europe. Its portfolio ranges along the entire value 
chain from project development, planning, and turnkey construction, via maintenance and technical 
management, to total operational management. Fresenius Vamed's range of services covers all areas of 
technical, commercial, and infrastructural facility management as well as the highly specialized areas of

--- Page 83 ---
5.2.5.1 
5.2.5.2 
5.2.5.3 
83 
 
medical technology management, sterile services, operational technology, and IT development (such as 
smart health posts and apps). Fresenius Vamed is responsible for the overall operational management of 
100 healthcare facilities with 15,000 beds (as of December 31, 2022). 
Fresenius Vamed generated 5% of the Fresenius Group's total revenue in 2022 (2021: 5%). Fresenius 
Vamed increased revenue by 3% in 2022 to €2,359 million (2021: €2,297 million), of which 29% were 
derived in project business and 71% in service business. Regional wise, 87% of revenue was in Europe 
and 13% in emerging markets. In the year ended December 31, 2022, EBITDA (before special items) of 
Fresenius Vamed was €118 million (2021: €191 million).  
 Project Business  
The project business comprises the consulting, project development, planning, turnkey construction, and 
financing management of projects. Fresenius Vamed responds flexibly to clients' local needs, providing 
custom-tailored solutions all from one source to put the project on the right track in functional, technical, 
and financial terms. Fresenius Vamed also carries out projects in cooperation with partners and considers 
itself to be a pioneer in PPP models. 
 Service Business  
Fresenius Vamed's range of services covers all areas of technical commercial and infrastructure facility 
management as well as the highly specialized areas of medical technology management, sterile services, 
operational technology, and IT development.  
Fresenius Vamed is also responsible for the total operational management of healthcare facilities, is a 
provider of rehabilitation and care in Central Europe, and builds a bridge between preventive medicine 
and health tourism with its spa and health resorts.  
In addition to offering services for healthcare facilities worldwide, Fresenius Vamed itself is active as a 
post-acute care provider in Central Europe, especially in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, and the Czech 
Republic. In emerging markets, Fresenius Vamed focuses on building and developing healthcare 
infrastructure and improving the level of healthcare.  
 Market  
The market for projects and services for hospitals and other healthcare facilities is very fragmented. 
Therefore, an overall market size cannot be determined. The market is country-specific and depends, to 
a large extent, on factors such as public healthcare policies, government regulation, and levels of 
privatization, as well as demographics and economic and political conditions. 
In markets with established healthcare systems and mounting cost pressure, the challenge for hospitals 
and other healthcare facilities is to increase their efficiency. Here, demand is especially high for 
sustainable planning and energy-efficient construction, optimized hospital processes, and the outsourcing 
of medical-technical support services to external specialists. 
5.3 
Research and Development  
Fresenius focuses its research and development efforts on its core competencies in the following areas:  
• 
Dialysis;  
• 
Generic IV drugs;  
• 
Biopharmaceuticals; 
• 
Infusion and nutrition therapies; and  
• 
Medical devices.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Apart from new products, the Fresenius Group is concentrating on developing optimized or completely 
new therapies, treatment methods, and services. Research services provided by third parties are mainly 
used by Fresenius Kabi, especially in the field of biopharmaceuticals. In 2022, research and development 
expenses (before expenses related to the Fresenius cost and efficiency program) were €852 million (2021: 
€818 million (before expenses related to the Fresenius cost and efficiency program and revaluations of 
contingent biosimilars purchase price liabilities)). 
As of December 31, 2022, there were 3,799 employees in research and development (2021: 3,656), of 
which 1,235 were employed at Fresenius Medical Care (2021: 1,236) and 2,525 at Fresenius Kabi (2021: 
2,366). 
5.4 
Sustainability 
Sustainability is an integral part throughout the entire Fresenius Group. Fresenius is committed to 
responsible and sustainable management as part of its corporate culture and day-to-day business practice. 
It seeks to proactively address global challenges and recognizes the opportunities and risks of sustainable 
development in order to remain a trust-worthy and reliable partner in the healthcare sector. 
For this purpose, Fresenius has set itself binding rules for its activities in the form of a code of conduct, 
placing great importance on fulfilling its legal and ethical responsibilities towards the environment and 
society as a whole. The code of conduct applies to all employees, executives and board members. Key 
areas of non-financial activities encompass: 
• 
Social matters: Fresenius is committed to serving the well-being of its patients, by focusing on 
a high standard of quality with regard to medical outcomes and patient satisfaction, patient 
safety, quality and safety of products as well as data protection. 
• 
Anti-corruption and anti-bribery: Fresenius strives to comply with applicable rules and laws 
and has set itself high ethical standards and rules of good corporate governance, including by 
the introduction of a code of conduct, a robust risk and compliance organization and the 
establishment of risk and compliance management systems. 
• 
Employee matters: The Group aims to be perceived as an attractive employer in order to ensure 
a balanced personnel structure within its employees and to attract, retain and develop global 
employee talent. Diversity, equity, and inclusion has become an essential part of our employee 
experience. 
• 
Environmental matters: Fresenius strives to minimize the adverse effects of its operations on 
the environment and seeks to protect non-renewable resources by reducing greenhouse gas 
emissions and energy consumption as well as minimizing waste and impact from wastewater 
disposal. The Fresenius Group has established a climate target to emphasize this aspiration 
(please see below). 
• 
Human rights: The Fresenius Group is committed to respecting human rights and complies with 
international principles and standards to eliminate exploitative and illegal child or forced labor, 
improve working conditions and establish a non-discriminatory environment for its employees.  
In recognition of its sustainable value creation efforts in the healthcare sector, Fresenius has received a 
19.7 (low risk) rating by Sustainalytics, an independent provider of ESG and corporate governance 
ratings, research and analysis. Fresenius has also received an A status by MSCI ESG Research (as per 
August 29, 2022). With a ranking in the second highest category B, the Company is also one of the 
recognized companies in the healthcare sector in the environmental ranking of CDP, an international 
non-profit organization providing a global environmental disclosure system. 
Fresenius has set a climate target for the Group complementing its existing sustainability targets and 
programs. It aims to be climate neutral by 2040 and to reduce 50% of direct and indirect CO2 emissions 
(scope 1 and 2 emissions) by 2030 compared to 2020 levels of about 1.5 million metric tons of CO2 
equivalent. At the same time, Fresenius continues to assess the scope 3 emission impacts. In this regard, 
Fresenius has identified the transition to renewable electricity consumption among its priorities and aims 
to gradually increase its renewable electricity purchasing.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
Additionally, sustainability was introduced as a non-financial performance target in the Management 
Board compensation system in 2021. In the context of short-term variable compensation, ESG targets 
have an influence on compensation with a weighting of 15%. The focus of the ESG targets is on the key 
sustainability topics identified by Fresenius: quality/patient well-being, innovation & digital 
transformation, employees & diversity, environment, and compliance & integrity. With the identification 
of key performance indicators (KPIs) and the definition of comprehensive management concepts, 
Fresenius will create a basis to make the sustainability performance of the business segments measurable. 
From 2023, quantitative ESG KPIs will be included in the short-term incentive (STI) of the Management 
Board, covering the key sustainability topics of medical quality/patient satisfaction, and employees. For 
the long-term incentive (LTI), the integration of a reduction target for CO2 emissions is planned.  
5.5 
Employees  
The Fresenius Group had 316,920 employees as of December 31, 2022 (2021: 316,078). 
Fresenius believes that the knowledge, experience, and commitment of its employees are critical to its 
success. The interplay of a wide range of views, opinions, cultural backgrounds, experiences, and values 
helps it achieve its full potential and contributes to its success. For this reason, Fresenius values a culture 
of diversity. 
5.6 
Investments  
In 2022, investments in property, plant and equipment decreased to €1,886 million (2021: €2,032 
million). Most of the investments in property, plant and equipment related to the maintenance of existing 
clinics and centers, dialysis machines provided to customers, capitalizable development costs, equipment 
for new clinics and centers, and IT implementation costs at Fresenius Medical Care. Among the main 
investments in property, plant and equipment also were the optimization and expansion of production 
facilities for Fresenius Kabi. Investments further included new building and modernization of hospitals 
at Fresenius Helios. The most significant individual projects were, among other locations, the hospitals 
in Wiesbaden, Duisburg, Wuppertal, Niederberg and investments in IT infrastructure. Total acquisition 
spending was €1,579 million in 2022 (2021: €1,085 million), including the business combination between 
Fresenius Medical Care and InterWell Health as well as the acquisition of dialysis clinics at Fresenius 
Medical Care. Fresenius Kabi's acquisition spending in 2022 was related to the acquisition of a majority 
stake in mAbxience Holding S.L., a leading international biopharmaceutical company, and Ivenix Inc., 
a specialized infusion therapy company. Fresenius Kabi's acquisition spending also included acquisition-
related milestone payments for the acquisition of the biosimilars business from Merck KGaA. Fresenius 
Helios' acquisition spending in 2022 was mainly for the acquisition of clinics in Latin America. 
Without further acquisitions, Fresenius continues to target for a ratio of Net Debt to EBITDA, adjusted, 
in a range of 3.0-3.5 (as of December 31, 2022: 3.65, as of December 31, 2021: 3.51, as of December 31, 
2020: 3.44 (both Net Debt and EBITDA calculated at average exchange rates; before special items, pro 
forma closed acquisitions/divestitures)).  
5.7 
Material Contracts  
5.7.1 
Syndicated Credit Facility  
On July 1, 2021, the Company, Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company and Fresenius 
Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company entered into a new credit agreement pursuant to which an 
unsecured syndicated revolving credit facility of €2,000 million (Syndicated Credit Facility) is available 
to the Company as well as Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company and Fresenius Finance 
Ireland II Public Limited Company as co-borrowers. The Syndicated Credit Facility has a maturity of 
five years with two one-year extension options and can be drawn in various currencies. A sustainability 
component has been included in the credit agreement for the Syndicated Credit Facility and 
correspondingly, the Syndicated Credit Facility's margin can be adjusted up or down according to 
changes in Fresenius' sustainability performance.  
The credit agreement for the Syndicated Credit Facility includes certain covenants with respect to the 
Company and its subsidiaries which, under certain conditions, limit the incurrence of subsidiary 
indebtedness, the creation of liens and the disposal of assets.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Syndicated Credit Facility was fully undrawn and serves as backup 
line for the company. 
On June 8, 2022, the Issuer amended and extended the Syndicated Credit Facility to extend the term by 
one year and replace U.S. dollar-LIBOR as the reference rate with the Term Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate. 
5.7.2 
Fresenius Schuldschein Loans  
As of December 31, 2022, Fresenius' outstanding euro-denominated Schuldschein Loans issued by the 
Company consist of several tranches with maturities between 2023 and 2029 and have a total notional 
amount of €1,328 million. The variable tranche of €175 million of the Company's Schuldschein Loans 
in the total amount of €421 million originally due on January 31, 2024 was repaid prior to maturity on 
January 31, 2023. The variable tranche of €264 million of the Company's Schuldschein Loans in the total 
amount of €378 million originally due on September 25, 2023 was also repaid prior to maturity on 
March 23, 2023. Fresenius' outstanding Schuldschein Loans denominated in U.S. dollars issued by 
Fresenius US Finance II, Inc., with a total outstanding notional amount of $43 million as of December 31, 
2022, have been redeemed at maturity on March 10, 2023. On April 13, 2023, Fresenius launched a 
Schuldschein Loan in the volume of €300 million (demand-induced increase possible) in tranches of 
three, five and seven years with fixed and variable interest rates. The Schuldschein Loan includes an ESG 
component relating to quality of care and product safety. The envisaged settlement date is May 30, 2023. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, no further Schuldschein Loans have been issued by Fresenius. 
5.7.3 
Fresenius Bonds 
The following table sets forth information regarding Fresenius' bonds as of December 31, 2022: 
Issuer 
Principal amount in million 
Maturity 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA(1) 2014/2024 
€450 
February 1, 2024 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 2019/2025 
€500 
February 15, 2025 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 2022/2025 
€750 
May 24, 2025 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 2022/2026 
€500 
May 28, 2026 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 2020/2026 
€500 
September 28, 2026 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 2020/2027 
€750 
October 8, 2027 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 2020/2028 
€750 
January 15, 2028 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 2019/2029 
€500 
February 15, 2029 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 2022/2029 
€500 
November 28, 2029 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 2022/2030 
€550 
May 24, 2030 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 2020/2033 
€500 
January 28, 2033 
Fresenius Ireland 2017/2024 
€700 
January 30, 2024 
Fresenius Ireland 2021/2025 
€500 
October 1, 2025 
Fresenius Ireland 2017/2027 
€700 
February 1, 2027 
Fresenius Ireland 2021/2028 
€500 
October 1, 2028 
Fresenius Ireland 2021/2031 
€500 
October 1, 2031 
Fresenius Ireland 2017/2032 
€500 
January 30, 2032 
(1) On July 29, 2016, the original issuer, Fresenius Finance B.V. was replaced by Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA as the successor 
issuer. 
The above-mentioned bonds issued by the Company (or its predecessor issuer) and Fresenius Ireland are 
referred to in this Prospectus as the Fresenius Bonds. As of the date of this Prospectus, no further 
Fresenius Bonds have been issued by Fresenius.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
All Fresenius Bonds are unsecured. The Fresenius Bonds issued by Fresenius Ireland are guaranteed by 
the Company.  
Some of the Fresenius Bonds may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the respective 
issuers at a price of 100% of principal plus accrued interest and a premium calculated pursuant to the 
terms of the bonds under observance of certain notice periods. 
The holders of the Fresenius Bonds have the right to request that the respective issuers repurchase the 
applicable issue of Fresenius Bonds at 101% of principal amount plus accrued interest upon the 
occurrence of a change of control of the Company followed by a decline in the rating of the respective 
bonds or, as applicable, the rating of the Company. 
The Company has agreed to a number of covenants to provide protection to the holders of the bond issued 
in 2014 and maturing on February 1, 2024 (the 2014/2024 Bond), which partly restrict the scope of action 
of the Company and its subsidiaries (excluding FMC AG & Co. KGaA and its subsidiaries). These 
covenants include restrictions on further debt that can be raised, the mortgaging or sale of assets, the 
entering into sale and leaseback transactions as well as mergers and consolidations with other companies. 
The restrictions on further debt that can be raised were suspended automatically as the rating of the 
2014/2024 Bond reached investment grade status. As of December 31, 2022, the Fresenius Group was 
in compliance with all of its covenants. 
5.7.4 
Commercial Paper Program  
Fresenius has a commercial paper program under which short-term notes can be issued. On 
September 15, 2021, the commercial paper program was amended and the borrowing capacity increased 
from €1 billion to €1.5 billion. The Company and Fresenius Ireland may issue notes under the program 
denominated in euros or in any other freely convertible currency of an OECD member state with a 
maturity of not more than 364 days. Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland under the commercial paper 
program are guaranteed by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the commercial paper program of 
the Company and Fresenius Ireland was utilized in an amount of €80 million. 
5.7.5 
Equity-neutral Convertible Bonds 
On January 31, 2017, the Company issued €500 million aggregate principal amount of equity-neutral 
convertible bonds which are due on January 31, 2024. Beginning in August 2023, bond holders can 
exercise the conversion rights embedded in the convertible bonds. 
In order to fully offset the economic exposure from the conversion feature, the Company purchased call 
options on its shares in connection with the issue of its equity-neutral convertible bonds. Any increase of 
the share price above the conversion price of the equity-neutral convertible bonds will be fully offset by 
a corresponding value increase of the call options.  
5.7.6 
European Investment Bank 
A bilateral loan agreement with the European Investment Bank was concluded in December 2021 in the 
amount of €400 million, which was disbursed on January 31, 2022 and will be available to the Company 
until December 2025. 
5.7.7 
Credit Lines and other Sources of Liquidity 
In addition to the financial liabilities described above, Fresenius also maintains additional credit facilities 
which have not been utilized or have only been utilized in part. As of December 31, 2022, the total 
financial headroom resulting from all unutilized credit facilities amounted to approximately €6.5 billion 
(approximately €3.4 billion excluding FMC AG & Co. KGaA). Syndicated credit facilities accounted for 
a total of €4 billion. €2 billion were attributable to a syndicated credit facility of FMC AG & Co. KGaA 
and further €2 billion were attributable to the Syndicated Credit Facility of the Company as mentioned 
above. Furthermore, bilateral credit facilities with commercial banks of approximately €2.5 billion were 
available (approximately €1.4 billion excluding FMC AG & Co. KGaA). The company adjusts its 
bilateral credit facilities as needed on an ongoing basis and in the ordinary course of business to secure

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
liquidity at attractive terms and at all times which also may have an effect on the above-mentioned 
financial headroom.  
5.8 
Legal Proceedings 
Fresenius is routinely involved in claims, lawsuits, regulatory and tax audits, investigations and other 
legal matters arising, for the most part, in the ordinary course of its business of providing healthcare 
services and products. Legal matters that Fresenius deems to be material or noteworthy, as of the date of 
this Prospectus, are described below. Fresenius records its litigation reserves for certain legal proceedings 
and regulatory matters to the extent that Fresenius determines an unfavorable outcome is probable and 
the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. For the other matters described below, Fresenius believes 
that the loss is not probable and/or the loss or range of possible losses cannot be reasonably estimated at 
this time. The outcome of litigation and other legal matters is always difficult to predict accurately and 
outcomes that are not consistent with Fresenius' view of the merits can occur. Fresenius believes that it 
has valid defenses to the legal matters pending against it and is defending itself vigorously. Nevertheless, 
it is possible that the resolution of one or more of the legal matters pending or threatened, as of the date 
of this Prospectus, could have a material adverse effect on Fresenius' business, operational result and 
financial position. 
There are, however, no nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuers are aware) which may have had or have had in the twelve 
months preceding the date of this Prospectus a material effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuers other than the following cases: 
5.8.1 
Internal Review / FCPA Compliance 
Beginning in 2012, FMC AG & Co. KGaA received certain communications alleging conduct in 
countries outside the U.S. that might violate the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) or other 
anti-bribery laws. FMC AG & Co. KGaA conducted investigations with the assistance of outside counsel 
and, in a continuing dialogue, advised the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the U.S. 
Department of Justice (DOJ) (collectively and interchangeably the government or the government 
agencies) about these investigations. The government agencies also conducted their own investigations, 
in which FMC AG & Co. KGaA cooperated. 
In the course of this dialogue, FMC AG & Co. KGaA identified and reported to the government, and 
took remedial actions with respect to, conduct that resulted in the government seeking monetary penalties 
including disgorgement of profits and other remedies. This conduct revolved principally around FMC 
AG & Co. KGaA's products business in countries outside the United States.  
On March 29, 2019, FMC AG & Co. KGaA entered into a non-prosecution agreement (NPA) with the 
DOJ and a separate agreement with the SEC (SEC Order) intended to resolve fully and finally the 
government's allegations against FMC AG & Co. KGaA arising from the investigations. Both agreements 
included terms starting August 2, 2019. In 2019, FMC AG & Co. KGaA paid a combined total in 
penalties and disgorgement of approximately $232 million to the U.S. government in connection with 
these agreements. The entire amount paid to the U.S. government was reserved for in charges that FMC 
AG & Co. KGaA recorded in 2017 and 2018 and announced in 2018. As part of the resolution, FMC AG 
& Co. KGaA agreed to certain self-reporting obligations and to retain an independent compliance 
monitor (Monitor). Due in part to COVID-19 pandemic restrictions, the monitorship faced certain delays, 
but FMC AG & Co. KGaA is working to complete all its obligations under the resolution with the 
government. The Monitor certified to FMC AG & Co. KGaA's implementation of an effective anti-
corruption compliance program on December 30, 2022, and submitted her final certification report on 
January 31, 2023. The DOJ and the SEC have accepted the Monitor’s certification and the NPA with the 
DOJ and the SEC Order expired on March 1, 2023 and March 29, 2023, respectively.  
In 2015, FMC AG & Co. KGaA self-reported to the German prosecutor conduct with a potential nexus 
to Germany and continues to cooperate with government authorities in Germany in their review of the 
conduct that prompted FMC AG & Co. KGaA's and government investigations. 
Since 2012, FMC AG & Co. KGaA has made and continues to make further significant investments in 
its compliance and financial controls and in its compliance, legal and financial organizations. FMC AG

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
& Co. KGaA´s remedial actions included separation from those employees responsible for the above-
mentioned conduct. FMC AG & Co. KGaA is dealing with post-FCPA review matters on various levels. 
FMC AG & Co. KGaA continues to be fully committed to compliance with the FCPA and other 
applicable anti-bribery laws.  
5.8.2 
Product Liability Litigation 
Personal injury and related litigation, involving Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc. (FMCH) acid 
concentrate product, labelled as Granuflo® or Naturalyte®, first arose in 2012.  
FMCH's insurers agreed to the settlement in 2017 of personal injury litigation and funded $220 million 
of the total $250 million settlement fund under a reciprocal reservation of rights. FMCH accrued a net 
expense of $60 million in connection with the settlement, encompassing its contribution of $30 million 
to the personal injury settlement plus $30 million in related but uninsured fees and costs. Following the 
settlement, FMCH's insurers in the AIG group (AIG) initiated litigation against FMCH seeking to be 
indemnified by FMCH for their $220 million outlay and FMCH initiated litigation against AIG to recover 
defense and indemnification costs FMCH had borne. See, National Union Fire Insurance v. Fresenius 
Medical Care, 2016 Index No. 653108 (Supreme Court of New York for New York County). As litigation 
proceeded, the parties refined their positions, resulting in AIG requesting recovery of approximately $60 
million of its settlement outlay and FMCH requesting $108 million in defense fees and costs. The parties 
filed multiple, crossing motions for summary judgment. On January 12, 2023, the trial court decided 
these motions. Among its rulings, the court largely rejected both FMCH's theories for recovering defense 
costs and AIG's theories for recovering settlement funding. However, the trial court denied both parties' 
motions on one issue and severed and continued that issue for trial. The issue to be tried relates to FMCH's 
exhaustion of deductible obligations for, and weightings of, policy years to be considered in allocating 
between AIG and FMCH the $250 million paid as a single, aggregate sum to resolve the personal injury 
litigation as a whole. As related to this one issue in isolation, AIG's motion, had it prevailed, would have 
supported AIG's recovering approximately $48 million; FMCH's corresponding motion would have 
resulted in no recovery for AIG. With both motions having been denied, neither party has indicated its 
position for trial. No date has been set for trial. Following trial, appeals may be pursued on all rulings by 
the trial court. 
5.8.3 
Subpoena "Maryland" 
In August 2014, FMCH received a subpoena from the United States Attorney's Office (USAO) for the 
District of Maryland inquiring into FMCH's contractual arrangements with hospitals and physicians 
involving contracts relating to the management of in-patient acute dialysis services. Thereafter, the 
USAO conducted an investigation, in which FMCH cooperated, and declined to intervene in the matter. 
After the United States District Court for Maryland unsealed the 2014 relator's qui tam complaint that 
gave rise to the investigation, the relator served the complaint and proceeded on his own by filing an 
amended complaint, which FMCH moved to dismiss on multiple grounds. FMCH's motion to dismiss 
the amended complaint remains pending. On October 5, 2021, on FMCH's venue motion, the District 
Court for Maryland transferred the case to the United States District Court for Massachusetts. See, 
Flanagan v. Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, Inc., 1:21-cv-11627. On December 5, 2022, the 
Massachusetts District Court granted FMCH's motion and dismissed the case with prejudice. The relator 
has filed an appeal. 
5.8.4 
Civil Complaint "Hawaii" 
In July 2015, the Attorney General for Hawaii issued a civil complaint under the Hawaii False Claims 
Act alleging a conspiracy pursuant to which certain Liberty Dialysis (Liberty) subsidiaries of FMCH 
overbilled Hawaii Medicaid for Liberty's Epogen® administrations to Hawaii Medicaid patients during 
the period from 2006 through 2010, prior to the time of FMCH's acquisition of Liberty. See, Hawaii v. 
Liberty Dialysis – Hawaii, LLC et al. Case No. 15-1-1357-07 (Hawaii 1st Circuit). The State of Hawaii 
alleged that Liberty acted unlawfully by relying on incorrect and unauthorized billing guidance provided 
to Liberty by Hawaii's contracted administrator for its Medicaid program. Liberty initiated an 
administrative action challenging the State of Hawaii's recoupment of alleged overpayments from sums 
owed to Liberty as of the date of this Prospectus. On June 7, 2022, FMCH and the State of Hawaii entered 
into an agreement under which FMCH paid the State of Hawaii $13 million (€12 million) in restitution

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
and interest and all claims, counterclaims, and cross-claims raised by or against FMCH in any part of the 
litigation were extinguished. 
5.8.5 
Subpoenas "Colorado and New York" 
On August 31, 2015, FMCH received a subpoena under the False Claims Act from the United States 
Attorney for the District of Colorado (Denver) inquiring into FMCH's participation in and management 
of dialysis facility joint ventures in which physicians are partners. FMCH cooperated in the Denver 
USAO investigation, which FMCH understands had concluded on or before June 1, 2022. 
On November 25, 2015, FMCH received a subpoena under the False Claims Act from the United States 
Attorney for the Eastern District of New York (Brooklyn) inquiring into FMCH's involvement in certain 
dialysis facility joint ventures in New York.  
After the Brooklyn USAO completed its investigation, in which FMCH cooperated, and declined to 
intervene on the qui tam complaint that gave rise to the investigation, the relator proceeded with litigation 
on its own. See CKD Project LLC v. Fresenius Medical Care, 2014 Civ. 06646 (E.D.N.Y. November 12, 
2014). On August 3, 2021, the District Court granted FMCH's motion to dismiss the relator's amended 
complaint, dismissed the case with prejudice and declined to allow further amendment. On December 20, 
2022, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit denied the relator's appeal and affirmed 
the dismissal. The relator's petition for rehearing en banc was denied.  
5.8.6 
Subpoena "Fresenius Vascular Care" (AAC) 
In 2014, two New York physicians filed under seal a qui tam complaint in the United States District 
Court for the Eastern District of New York (Brooklyn), alleging violations of the False Claims Act 
relating to FMCH's vascular access line of business. On October 6, 2015, the United States Attorney for 
the Eastern District of New York (Brooklyn) issued subpoenas to FMCH indicating its investigation now 
seen to be related to the two relators' complaint. FMCH cooperated in the Brooklyn investigation, which 
was understood to be separate and distinct from settlements entered in 2015 in Connecticut, Florida and 
Rhode Island of allegations against American Access Care LLC (AAC) following FMCH's 2011 
acquisition of AAC.  
On July 12, 2022, after the Court denied the USAO's motions to renew the sealing of the relators' 
complaint, the USAO filed a complaint-in-intervention. See, United States ex rel. Pepe and Sherman v. 
Fresenius Vascular Care, Inc. et al, 1:14-cv-3505. The United States' and relators' complaints allege that 
the defendants billed and received government payment for surgery that was not medically necessary. 
FMCH expects to defend the allegations asserted in the litigation proceeding as of the date of this 
Prospectus. 
5.8.7 
Subpoena "New York" (Shiel) 
On November 18, 2016, FMCH received a subpoena under the False Claims Act from the United States 
Attorney for the Eastern District of New York (Brooklyn) seeking documents and information relating 
to the operations of Shiel Medical Laboratory, Inc. (Shiel), which FMCH acquired in October 2013. 
FMCH advised the USAO that, under the asset sale provisions of its 2013 Shiel acquisition, it was not 
responsible for Shiel's conduct prior to the date of the acquisition. On December 12, 2017, FMCH sold 
to Quest Diagnostics certain Shiel operations. Nonetheless, FMCH cooperated in the Brooklyn USAO's 
investigation. 
On June 14, 2022, the Brooklyn USAO declined to intervene on two anonymous relator complaints that 
underlay the investigation. The relators, who remain anonymous, are proceeding with litigation at their 
own expense against both Shiel and FMCH entities, alleging that the defendants wrongly caused 
government payers to pay for laboratory tests that were falsely or improperly invoiced and retaliated 
against relators for objecting to the alleged misconduct. See, Relator v. Shiel Medical Laboratory, 1:16-
cv-01090 (E.D.N.Y. 2016); Relator v. Shiel Holdings, 1:17-cv-02732 (E.D.N.Y. 2017). FMCH will 
defend allegations directed against entities it controls.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
5.8.8 
Vifor Patent Infringement Fresenius Medical Care (Delaware) 
On March 12, 2018, Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma Ltd. and Vifor Fresenius Medical Care 
Renal Pharma France S.A.S. (collectively VFMCRP) (the joint venture between Galencia (Vifor) and 
FMC AG & Co. KGaA), filed a complaint for patent infringement against Lupin Atlantis Holdings SA 
and Lupin Pharmaceuticals Inc. (collectively, Lupin), and Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (Teva) in the 
U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (Case 1:18-cv-00390-MN, first complaint). The patent 
infringement action is in response to Lupin and Teva's filings of Abbreviated New Drug Applications 
(ANDA) with the FDA for generic versions of Velphoro®. Velphoro® is protected by patents listed in the 
FDA's Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, also known as the Orange 
Book. The complaint was filed within the 45-day period provided for under the Hatch-Waxman 
legislation, and triggered a stay of FDA approval of the ANDAs for 30 months (specifically, up to 
July 29, 2020 for Lupin's ANDA; and August 6, 2020 for Teva's ANDA). In response to another ANDA 
being filed for a generic Velphoro®, VFMCRP filed a complaint for patent infringement against Annora 
Pharma Private Ltd., and Hetero Labs Ltd. (collectively, Annora), in the U.S. District Court for the 
District of Delaware on December 17, 2018. The case was settled among the parties, thus terminating the 
court action on August 4, 2020.  
On May 26, 2020, VFMCRP filed a further complaint for patent infringement against Lupin in the U.S. 
District Court for the District of Delaware (Case No. 1:20-cv-00697-MN) in response to Lupin's ANDA 
for a generic version of Velphoro® and on the basis of a newly listed patent in the Orange Book. On 
July 6, 2020, VFMCRP filed an additional complaint for patent infringement against Lupin and Teva in 
the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (Case No. 1:20-cv-00911-MN, second complaint) in 
response to the ANDA of Lupin and Teva for generic versions of Velphoro® and on the basis of two 
newly listed patents in the Orange Book. All cases involving Lupin as defendant were settled among the 
parties, thus terminating the corresponding court actions on December 18, 2020. In relation to the 
remaining pending cases and the defendant Teva, trial took place for the first complaint between 
January 19 and 22, 2021. Another patent newly listed in the Orange Book was added to the second 
complaint on June 23, 2021. Trial was scheduled for the second complaint for late June 2022, but was 
cancelled on June 14, 2022. By final judgement dated August 25, 2022, the Court decided for the first 
complaint that the generic product proposed in Teva's ANDA infringes the patent claims subject to the 
complaint and that such patent claims are valid. Further, unless the order is overturned or the parties 
agree otherwise, the effective date of any final approval by the FDA for Teva's ANDA shall not be a date 
until the underlying patent, including any pediatric extension, expires. On September 21, 2022, Teva 
filed an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit to contest the first instance court 
decision. Also on September 21, 2022, VFMCRP filed another complaint for patent infringement against 
Teva in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (Case No. 1:22-cv-01227-MN, third 
complaint) in response to the company's ANDA for generic versions of Velphoro® and on the basis of 
another newly listed patent in the Orange Book. On October 4, 2022, a motion to stay the proceedings of 
the second complaint until the appeal for the first complaint is resolved was granted by the first instance 
Court. All cases involving Teva as defendant were settled among the parties, thus terminating the 
corresponding court actions on February 6, 2023 (second and third complaint) and February 7, 2023 
(appeal first complaint). 
5.8.9 
Subpoena "Colorado (Denver)" 
On December 17, 2018, FMCH was served with a subpoena under the False Claims Act from the United 
States Attorney for the District of Colorado (Denver) as part of an investigation of allegations against 
DaVita, Inc. involving transactions between FMCH and DaVita. The subject transactions include sales 
and purchases of dialysis facilities, dialysis-related products and pharmaceuticals, including dialysis 
machines and dialyzers, and contracts for certain administrative services. FMCH cooperated in the 
investigation.  
5.8.10 
Litigation Tricare Program 
On June 28, 2019, certain FMCH subsidiaries filed a complaint against the United States seeking to 
recover monies owed to them by the United States Department of Defense under the Tricare program, 
and to preclude Tricare from recouping monies previously paid. See, Bio-Medical Applications of 
Georgia, Inc., et al. v. United States, CA 19-947, United States Court of Federal Claims. Tricare provides 
reimbursement for dialysis treatments and other medical care provided to members of the military

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
services, their dependents and retirees. The litigation challenges unpublished administrative actions by 
Tricare administrators reducing the rate of compensation paid for dialysis treatments provided to Tricare 
beneficiaries based on a recasting or "crosswalking" of codes used and followed in invoicing without 
objection for many years. Tricare administrators have acknowledged the unpublished administrative 
action and declined to change or abandon it. On July 8, 2020, the U.S. government filed its answer (and 
confirmed its position) and litigation is continuing. The court has not yet set a date for trial in this matter. 
FMCH has imposed a constraint on revenue otherwise recognized from the Tricare program that it 
believes, in consideration of facts known as of the date of this Prospectus, sufficient to account for the 
risk of this litigation. 
5.8.11 
Subpoena "Massachusetts ChoiceOne and Medspring" 
On August 21, 2020, FMCH was served with a subpoena from the United States Attorney for the District 
of Massachusetts requesting information and documents related to urgent care centers that FMCH owned, 
operated, or controlled as part of its ChoiceOne and Medspring urgent care operations prior to its 
divestiture of and exit from that line of business in 2018. The subpoena appears to be related to an 
ongoing investigation of alleged upcoding in the urgent care industry, which has resulted in certain 
published settlements under the federal False Claims Act. FMCH cooperated in the investigation. 
5.8.12 
HBDI Request 
In February 2022, FMC AG & Co. KGaA received a formal request for information from the Hessen 
Data Protection Authority (Hessischer Beauftragter für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit - HBDI). 
The information request relates to specific data processing functions of a few of FMC AG & Co. KGaA's 
peritoneal dialysis devices. FMC AG & Co. KGaA is committed to comply with the HBDI's request and 
cooperate with them, and it is working to provide the relevant information. 
5.8.13 
OSHA Complaint 
On March 20, and April 12, 2022, respectively, an attorney employed as general counsel at FMC AG & 
Co. KGaA's North American division from 2013 to 2016 filed a complaint with the Occupational Safety 
and Health Administration (OSHA) under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other anti-retaliation 
statutes, and a civil lawsuit in Suffolk County, Massachusetts seeking compensation for personnel 
management decisions allegedly adverse to him. See, OSHA Case No. 1-076-22049; Kott v. National 
Medical Care, Inc., Case No. 22-802 (Superior Court, Suffolk County, Mass.). 
The plaintiff alleges in support of his demands for compensation that he was transferred to a subordinate 
position in the global legal department, and subsequently terminated from employment as part of the 
FME 25 program, in retaliation for legal advice he provided with respect to a licensing agreement with 
DaVita relating to pharmaceutical operations and products. The DaVita licensing agreement expired by 
its terms in 2017. 
The DOJ has reviewed multiple aspects of the DaVita contract in question, including those relevant to 
the plaintiff's allegations. No enforcement action has resulted against FMC AG & Co. KGaA. 
Other bases of retaliation alleged by the plaintiff implicate internal personnel and privacy protection 
concerns that do not impact ongoing operations, and on which FMC AG & Co. KGaA does not comment. 
5.8.14 
Subpoena "American Kidney Foundation" 
On January 3, 2023, FMCH received a subpoena from the Attorney General for the District of Columbia 
related to the activities of the American Kidney Foundation (AKF) and grounded in antitrust concerns, 
including market allocation within the District of Columbia. FMCH's relationship with AKF was the 
subject of previous, but resolved, investigation by agencies of the United States and litigation against 
United Healthcare. FMCH is cooperating in the District of Columbia investigation. 
5.8.15 
Subpoena "Nevada" 
In November 2014, Fresenius Kabi Oncology Limited (FKOL) received a subpoena from the DOJ, U.S. 
Attorney for the District of Nevada. The subpoena requested documents in connection with the January

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
2013 inspection by the FDA of FKOL's plant for active pharmaceutical ingredients in Kalyani, India. 
That inspection resulted in a warning letter from the FDA in July 2013. The subpoena marked the DOJ's 
criminal and/or civil investigation in this connection and sought information from throughout the 
Fresenius Kabi group. Fresenius Kabi fully cooperated with the governmental investigation. In January 
2021, Fresenius Kabi has entered into a final agreement (Plea Agreement) with the DOJ in which 
Fresenius Kabi undertakes to make a penalty payment of $50 million. The agreement includes other 
measures to ensure that a misconduct of the nature detected in 2013 will not occur again in the future. 
The final agreement has received court sentencing and was implemented accordingly. The payment was 
made on the basis of an existing accrual. 
5.8.16 
Patent Dispute Fresenius Kabi France 
Patent dispute between Fresenius Kabi and Eli Lilly in France and other European countries regarding 
Eli Lilly's originator product Alimta® and Fresenius Kabi's generic Pemetrexed sold in France and 
further countries in Europe. The Paris Tribunal has rendered a decision in favor of Eli Lilly holding 
Fresenius Kabi France to infringe Eli Lilly's patent and to make a preliminary payment of € 28 million 
for patent infringement and damages due to unfair competition, including lost revenue and price decrease. 
This amount was initially covered by an existing higher accrual. In March 2021, Fresenius Kabi and Eli 
Lilly have entered into a pan-European settlement pursuant to which, among other provisions, Fresenius 
Kabi undertakes to make a payment of US$68.5 million to Lilly less the amount of €28 million already 
paid during the proceedings in France. In parallel, all court proceedings pending in Europe in relation to 
the patent in dispute are discontinued by the parties, including the proceedings in France. As of June 30, 
2021, Fresenius Kabi has made all payments required under the settlement agreement. 
5.8.17 
General  
From time to time, the Fresenius Group is a party to or may be threatened with other litigation or 
arbitration, claims or assessments arising in the ordinary course of its business. Fresenius' management 
regularly analyzes current information, including, as applicable, the Fresenius Group's defenses and 
insurance coverage and, as necessary, provides accruals for probable liabilities for the eventual 
disposition of these matters.  
Fresenius, like other healthcare providers, insurance plans and suppliers, conducts its operations under 
intense government regulation and scrutiny. It must comply with regulations which relate to or govern 
the safety and efficacy of medical products and supplies, the marketing and distribution of such products, 
the operation of manufacturing facilities, laboratories, hospitals, dialysis clinics and other healthcare 
facilities, and environmental and occupational health and safety. With respect to its development, 
manufacture, marketing and distribution of medical products, if such compliance is not maintained, 
Fresenius could be subject to significant adverse regulatory actions by the FDA and comparable 
regulatory authorities outside the United States. These regulatory actions could include warning letters 
or other enforcement notices from the FDA, and/or comparable foreign regulatory authority, which may 
require Fresenius to expend significant time and resources in order to implement appropriate corrective 
actions. If Fresenius does not address matters raised in warning letters or other enforcement notices to 
the satisfaction of the FDA and/or comparable regulatory authorities outside the United States, these 
regulatory authorities could take additional actions, including product recalls, injunctions against the 
distribution of products or operation of manufacturing plants, civil penalties, seizures of Fresenius' 
products and/or criminal prosecution. FMCH completed remediation efforts with respect to one pending 
FDA warning letter and is awaiting confirmation as to whether the letter is now closed. As of the date of 
this Prospectus, Fresenius Kabi is engaged in remediation efforts with respect to two pending FDA 
warning letters. On April 21, 2022, FMCH paused shipping new dialysis machines into the United States 
at the recommendation of the FDA following FMCH's voluntary report of a potential bio-compatibility 
concern. The concern arose from a component that was already scheduled to be replaced later in 2022. 
As of October 28, 2022, FMCH received clearance from the FDA encompassing the replacement 
component and resumed shipping machines. 
Fresenius must also comply with the laws of the United States, including the U.S. federal Medicare and 
Medicaid Fraud and Abuse Amendments of 1977, as amended (the Anti-Kickback Statute), the federal 
False Claims Act, the federal Ethics in Patient Referrals Act of 1989 (the Stark Law), the federal Civil 
Monetary Penalties Law and the federal Foreign Corrupt Practices Act as well as other U.S. federal and 
state fraud and abuse laws. Applicable laws or regulations may be amended, or enforcement agencies or

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
courts may make interpretations that differ from Fresenius' interpretations or the manner in which 
Fresenius conducts its business. Enforcement has become a high priority for the U.S. federal government 
and some states of the United States. In addition, the provisions of the False Claims Act authorizing 
payment of a portion of any recovery to the party bringing the suit encourage private plaintiffs to 
commence whistleblower actions. By virtue of this regulatory environment, Fresenius' business activities 
and practices are subject to extensive review by regulatory authorities and private parties, and continuing 
audits, subpoenas, other inquiries, claims and litigation relating to Fresenius' compliance with applicable 
laws and regulations. Fresenius may not always be aware that an inquiry or action has begun, particularly 
in the case of whistleblower actions, which are initially filed under court seal.  
Fresenius operates many facilities and handles the personal data (PD) of its patients and beneficiaries 
throughout the United States and other parts of the world and engages with other business associates to 
help it carry out its healthcare activities. In such a widespread, global system, it is often difficult to 
maintain the desired level of oversight and control over the thousands of individuals employed by many 
affiliated companies and its business associates. On occasion, Fresenius or its business associates may 
experience a breach under U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act Privacy Rule and 
Security Rules, the EU's General Data Protection Regulation and/or other similar laws (Data Protection 
Laws) when there has been impermissible use, access, or disclosure of unsecured PD or when Fresenius 
or its business associates neglect to implement the required administrative, technical and physical 
safeguards of its electronic systems and devices, or a data breach that results in impermissible use, access 
or disclosure of personal identifying information of its employees, patients and beneficiaries. On those 
occasions, Fresenius must comply with applicable breach notification requirements. 
Fresenius relies upon its management structure, regulatory and legal resources, and the effective 
operation of its compliance program to direct, manage and monitor the activities of its employees. On 
occasion, Fresenius may identify instances where employees or other agents deliberately, recklessly or 
inadvertently contravene Fresenius' policies or violate applicable law. The actions of such persons may 
subject Fresenius and its subsidiaries to liability under the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark Law, the 
False Claims Act, Data Protection Laws, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical 
Health Act and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, among other laws and comparable state laws or laws 
of other countries. 
Physicians, hospitals and other participants in the healthcare industry are also subject to a large number 
of lawsuits alleging professional negligence, malpractice, product liability, worker's compensation or 
related claims, many of which involve large claims and significant defense costs. Fresenius has been and, 
as of the date of this Prospectus, is subject to these suits due to the nature of its business and expects that 
those types of lawsuits may continue. Although Fresenius maintains insurance at a level, which it believes 
to be prudent, it cannot assure that the coverage limits will be adequate or that insurance will cover all 
asserted claims.  
Fresenius has also had claims asserted against it and has had lawsuits filed against it relating to alleged 
patent infringements or businesses that Fresenius has acquired or divested. These claims and suits relate 
both to operation of the businesses and to the acquisition and divestiture transactions. Fresenius has, 
when appropriate, asserted its own claims, and claims for indemnification.  
5.9 
Recent Events  
In February 2023, the Company announced that it intends to deconsolidate FMC AG & Co. KGaA 
through a change of legal form of FMC AG & Co. KGaA from a partnership limited by shares 
(Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) into a stock corporation governed by German law 
(Aktiengesellschaft). The change of legal form is planned to take effect by the end of 2023 at the latest, 
subject to the required approval of the general meeting of FMC AG & Co. KGaA and the registration in 
the commercial register. It is intended that an extraordinary general meeting of FMC AG & Co. KGaA 
will decide on the proposal for the change of legal form on July 14, 2023. As a result of the change of 
legal form, the Company will no longer have a controlling influence (beherrschender Einfluss) on FMC 
AG & Co. KGaA and, therefore, FMC AG & Co. KGaA will then no longer be, for the purposes of the 
consolidated financial statements of the Company, a fully consolidated part of the Fresenius Group, but 
will be accounted for according to the equity method. The Company's share of 32.17% in the subscribed 
capital of, and voting rights in, FMC AG & Co. KGaA will remain unaffected by the change of legal 
form.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
In February 2023, FMC AG & Co. KGaA ended its participation in the Company's cash management 
system, which was previously utilized for the settlement of certain intercompany receivables and 
payables with its subsidiaries and other related parties. 
The Supervisory Board of Fresenius Management SE appointed Pierluigi Antonelli as Chief Executive 
Officer of Fresenius Kabi with effect from March 1, 2023. He succeeded Michael Sen, who had held this 
position on an interim basis after his appointment as Chief Executive Officer of Fresenius on October 1, 
2022. Further, Fresenius announced that Michael Moser will join Fresenius on August 1, 2023 at the 
latest and will succeed Sebastian Biedenkopf as member of the Management Board responsible for the 
Human Resources, Risk Management and Legal departments. The current scope of the Human 
Resources, Risk Management and Legal departments will be broadened to also cover Environmental, 
Social and Governance (ESG) going forward. 
5.10 
Outlook  
The healthcare sector is one of the world's largest industries and Fresenius is convinced that it shows 
excellent growth opportunities. The healthcare sector is considered to be widely independent of economic 
cycles. The demand, especially for lifesaving and life-sustaining products and services, is expected to 
increase regardless of the macroeconomic challenges, mortality among dialysis patients as a result of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, given that they are medically needed and the population is aging. Moreover, 
medical advances and the large number of diseases that are still difficult to cure – or are incurable – are 
expected to remain growth drivers. In the emerging countries, the availability of basic healthcare and the 
demand for high-quality medical treatment are increasing. As per-capita income increases, individuals 
increasingly have to cope with the illnesses associated with lifestyle diseases. 
On the other hand, experts estimate that further financial constraints in the public sector could result in 
more pricing pressure and a slowdown in revenue for companies in the healthcare industry. Some 
countries are experiencing significant financing problems in the healthcare sector due to the strained 
public finance situation. Especially in the industrialized countries, increased pressure to encourage saving 
can be expected as healthcare costs constitute a large portion of the budget. 
Despite the challenges posed by the macroeconomic environment, Fresenius continues to assess the 
business outlook of the Fresenius Group as positive. Fresenius continues to see steadily growing demand 
for its products, services and therapies worldwide. Some trends, such as the digitalization of healthcare, 
have even accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic, and Fresenius considers itself to be well positioned 
as a Group to benefit from this in the coming years.  
Fresenius sees very good opportunities to meet the growing demand for healthcare resulting from the 
aging population with its increasing need for comprehensive care and from technological progress 
worldwide. Fresenius expects that access to healthcare in developing and emerging countries will 
continue to improve and that efficient healthcare systems with appropriate reimbursement structures will 
develop over time.  
Fresenius Medical Care expects the number of dialysis patients worldwide to grow in 2023, depending 
on the further development of the global COVID-19 pandemic. The accelerating effects of excess 
mortality of dialysis patients due to the COVID-19 pandemic are continuing into 2023 and are expected 
to have a significant adverse effect on treatment volumes. Some significant regional differences are likely 
to remain. Fresenius Kabi expects the market for generic IV drugs and IV fluids, biopharmaceuticals, 
clinical nutrition, MedTech infusion and nutrition system, MedTech transfusion medicine and cell 
therapies to continue to grow. Fresenius Helios expects that the number of inpatient hospital treatments 
in Germany will tend to stagnate or decline in the future, in particular due to the increasing provision of 
services in the outpatient sector and the growing acceptance and use of digital healthcare services. To 
provide financial support for hospitals in Germany, a total of €6.0 billion is to be made available through 
2024 via the liquidity reserve of the healthcare fund. To determine the amount of reimbursement, 
hospitals are to report the direct costs of purchasing natural gas and electricity to the hospital planning 
authorities in three tranches up to 2024. Energy rebates for the month of March 2022 will be used for 
comparison. A total of €4.5 billion is to be made available for this financial support. A further €1.5 billion 
is to be paid out as a lump sum based on the number of beds installed (indirect costs). This funding will 
serve as liquidity support for inflation-related additional costs for hospitals. Further, Helios Germany is 
expanding its outpatient services and digital offerings. Fresenius Helios is also expanding its business in 
the field of fertility services through Helios Fertility (Eugin Group) and expects the global market for

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
fertility services to grow as well. Fresenius Helios expects the private hospital market in Spain to continue 
to grow. In the market for projects and services for hospitals and other healthcare facilities, Fresenius 
Vamed expects an increase in demand for projects and services for hospitals and other healthcare 
facilities worldwide.  
For 2023, Fresenius assumes no further escalation of geopolitical tensions and challenges from the 
COVID-19 pandemic, and expects supply chain constraints continuing to ease. Fresenius also expects 
that the general cost inflation and labor shortages will have a more significant negative effect on its 
business than in 2022, due to the fact that these pressures did not materialize until the second half of 
2022. In 2022, Fresenius Medical Care's EBIT was supported by €277 million of Provider Relief Funding 
from the U.S. government (at current currency). There is no additional governmental support assumed 
for 2023. Accordingly, Fresenius anticipates stronger headwinds in 2023 than in 2022. Fresenius will 
continue to closely monitor the potential impact of increased volatility and reduced visibility on its 
business and balance sheet.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
6. 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
6.1 
General 
The relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each 
particular Tranche (the Conditions). The Conditions will be constituted by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes set forth below (the Terms and Conditions) as further specified by the provisions of the Final 
Terms as set out below. 
6.2 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms 
provide for the Issuer to choose among the following Options: 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates; 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates; 
With respect to Fixed Rate Notes, each of Option I A and Option I B is incorporated by reference into 
this Prospectus for the purpose of a potential increase of Notes outstanding and originally issued prior to 
the date of this Prospectus. 
6.3 
Documentation of the Conditions  
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
• 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine 
which of Option I or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, 
respectively, shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant 
provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed 
provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which 
will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. This 
type of documentation of the Conditions will be used where the Notes are publicly offered, 
in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified 
investors. 
• 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the 
respective further options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the 
individual issue by only referring to the specific sections of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. The Final Terms will specify that the provisions 
of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus, 
taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular 
Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
as set out in the Prospectus attached. 
6.4 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders  
The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue 
of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further 
options (characterized by indicating the optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set 
out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
as set out in the Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterized by square brackets which include the 
relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
6.4.1 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating 
the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the sections of the relevant

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not replicate or refer to 
an alternative or optional provision it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
6.4.2 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions will be completed. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information 
were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set 
of Terms and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be 
deleted from the Conditions. 
6.5 
Controlling Language  
As to controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
• 
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of 
Germany, or (ii) initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the 
Federal Republic of Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of 
such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as 
the controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available 
from the principal offices of the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer as specified on the back of this 
Prospectus. 
• 
In other cases, the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
7. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the Terms and Conditions) are set forth below for two options: 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest 
rates. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with floating 
interest rates. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further options, which are 
characterized accordingly by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out in square brackets within the set of Terms and Conditions. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of Option I or Option II including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, shall apply with respect to an individual issue of Notes, either by 
replicating the relevant provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
To the extent that, upon the approval of this Prospectus, the Issuer had no knowledge of certain items 
which are applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus contains placeholders set out in 
square brackets which include the relevant items that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
Die Emissionsbedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen (die Emissionsbedingungen) sind 
nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt. 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
fester Verzinsung Anwendung findet.  
Option II umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen 
mit variabler Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Der Satz von Emissionsbedingungen für jede dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige optionale Bestimmung durch Instruktionen und 
Erklärungen in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes der Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I oder Option II 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, indem entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden 
oder auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des Prospektes keine Kenntnis von bestimmten 
Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält 
dieser Prospekt Platzhalter in eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen zu vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
[In case the options applicable to an individual issue 
are to be determined by referring in the Final Terms 
to the relevant options contained in the set of Terms 
and Conditions for Option I or Option II: 
 
[Im Fall, dass die Optionen, die für eine einzelne 
Emission anwendbar sind, in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen durch Verweis auf die weiteren 
Optionen bestimmt werden, die im Satz der 
Emissionsbedingungen der Option I oder Option II 
enthalten sind: 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply 
to the Notes as completed by the terms of the final 
terms which are attached hereto (the Final Terms). The 
blanks in the provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained 
in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted 
in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or 
optional provisions of these Terms and Conditions as 
to which the corresponding provisions of the Final 
Terms are not completed or are deleted shall be 
deemed to be deleted from these Terms and 
Conditions; and all provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions which are inapplicable to the Notes 
(including instructions, explanatory notes and text set 
out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions, as required to give 
effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the 
Final Terms may be obtained free of charge at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent provided that, in the case 
of Notes which are not listed on any stock exchange, 
copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be 
available to Holders of such Notes.] 
 
 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie 
durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
(die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen) 
vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen 
dieser Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch die in 
den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden 
Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären; alternative oder wählbare Bestimmungen 
dieser Emissionsbedingungen, deren Entsprechungen 
in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt oder 
die 
gestrichen 
sind, 
gelten 
als 
aus 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und 
der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen, so dass die 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung 
erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind 
kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
bei 
den 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen einer jeden Zahlstelle; bei nicht an 
einer Börse notierten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
Kopien der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen 
allerdings ausschließlich für die Gläubiger solcher 
Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.]

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
Option I –  
Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rate /  
 
Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
§ 1 
(CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM) 
 
§ 1 
(WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM) 
(1) Currency; Denomination. 
 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. 
This series of notes (the Notes) of [Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA][Fresenius Finance Ireland Public 
Limited Company][Fresenius Finance Ireland II 
Public Limited Company] ([Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA][Fresenius Ireland][Fresenius Ireland 
II] or the Issuer) is being issued in [Specified 
Currency] (the Specified Currency) in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the 
Global Note is a New Global Note (NGN) the 
following applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of 
[aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination of [Specified Denomination] (the 
Specified Denomination). 
 
Diese Serie von Schuldverschreibungen (die 
Schuldverschreibungen) der [Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA][Fresenius Finance Ireland Public 
Limited Company][Fresenius Finance Ireland II 
Public Limited Company] ([Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA][Fresenius Ireland][Fresenius Ireland 
II] oder die Emittentin) wird in [Festgelegte 
Währung] (die Festgelegte Währung) im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde eine 
New Global Note (NGN) ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1(4))] 
von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung] (die 
Festgelegte Stückelung) begeben. 
(2) Form. 
 
(2) Form. 
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Permanent Global Note. 
 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. 
The Notes are represented by a permanent global 
note (the Permanent Global Note or the Global 
Note) without coupons. The Permanent Global 
Note shall be signed manually by authorized 
signatories 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
shall 
be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued.] 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die Dauerglobalurkunde 
oder die Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist 
von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented 
by a Temporary Global Note the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich 
durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the Temporary 
Global 
Note) 
without 
coupons. 
The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for Notes in Specified 
Denominations represented by a permanent 
global note (the Permanent Global Note and 
together with the Temporary Global Note, 
the Global Notes) without coupons. [In the 
case of Euroclear and CBL and if the 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in den Festgelegten 
Stückelungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde 
und 
zusammen 
mit 
der 
Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde, 
die

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: The details of such exchange shall 
be entered in the records of the ICSDs (as 
defined below).] The Global Notes shall 
each be signed manually by authorized 
signatories of the Issuer and shall each be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal 
Agent. Definitive Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
Globalurkunden) 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. [Im Fall von 
Euroclear und CBL und wenn die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Einzelheiten eines solchen 
Austausches werden in die Aufzeichnungen 
der ICSDs (wie nachstehend definiert) 
aufgenommen.] Die Globalurkunden tragen 
jeweils die eigenhändigen Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter 
der Emittentin und sind jeweils von der 
Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzel-
urkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the Exchange Date) not earlier 
than 40 days after the date of issue of the 
Notes. Such exchange shall only be made 
upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons 
holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note 
will be made only after delivery of such 
certifications. A separate certification shall 
be required in respect of each such payment 
of interest. Any such certification received 
on or after the 40th day after the date of issue 
of the Notes will be treated as a request to 
exchange the Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). 
Any Notes delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Note shall be delivered 
only outside of the United States (as defined 
in § 1(6)).] 
 
(b) Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der Austauschtag) gegen die 
Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der nicht 
weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen liegt. 
Ein solcher Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage 
von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der 
oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute halten). Solange die Schuld-
verschreibungen durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
werden 
Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage dieser 
Bescheinigungen 
vorgenommen. 
Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein 
Ersuchen 
behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz 
(b) dieses § 1(3) auszutauschen. Schuld-
verschreibungen, die im Austausch für die 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten (wie in § 1(6) definiert) geliefert 
werden.] 
(4) Clearing System. 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or 
on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have 
been satisfied. Clearing System means [if more 
than one Clearing System, the following 
applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main 
(CBF)] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
(CBL)] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels 
as operator of the Euroclear System (Euroclear)] 
and any successor in such capacity. [In the case 
of CBL and Euroclear as Clearing System the 
 
Die Globalurkunde wird solange von einem oder 
im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis 
sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt 
sind. 
Clearingsystem bedeutet [bei mehr als einem 
Clearingsystem 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeweils] 
folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main (CBF)] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg (CBL)] 
[und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brüssel, als 
Betreiberin des Euroclear Systems (Euroclear)] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. [Im Fall von

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
following 
applies: 
International 
Central 
Securities Depositary or ICSD means each of 
CBL and Euroclear (together, the ICSDs).] 
CBL oder Euroclear als Clearingsystem ist 
folgendes anwendbar: International Central 
Securities Depositary oder ICSD bezeichnet 
jeweils CBL und Euroclear (zusammen die 
ICSDs).] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and the global note is a NGN, the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in new 
global note (NGN) form and are kept in custody 
by a common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und falls 
die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
in Form einer New Global Note (NGN) 
ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einer 
gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. 
The records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such 
customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note and, for 
these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the principal amount of Notes so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at 
that time. 
 
Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht 
dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der 
ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der 
so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist zu 
jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über 
den Inhalt des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD. 
On any redemption or interest payment being 
made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation 
of, any of the Notes represented by the Global 
Note the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, interest payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the 
Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the Global Note shall be reduced 
by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled.]  
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bezüglich der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über jede 
Rückzahlung und Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunden pro 
rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, und nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Nennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldschreibungen 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuld-
verschreibungen abgezogen wird.]  
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and the global note is a CGN, the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in 
classical global note (CGN) form and are kept in 
custody by a common depositary on behalf of 
both ICSDs.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und falls 
die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
in Form einer Classical Global Note (CGN) 
ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einer 
gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle 
im 
Namen 
beider 
ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. 
Holder means any holder of a proportionate co-
ownership or other beneficial interest or right in 
the Notes. 
 
Gläubiger 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a 
NGN, the following applies: On an exchange of 
a portion only of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch nur eines 
Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird 
die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
(6) United States. 
 
(6) Vereinigte Staaten. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
United States means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet Vereinigte Staaten die Vereinigten 
Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) 
sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
[IN THE CASE OF NOTES ISSUED BY 
FRESENIUS IRELAND OR FRESENIUS 
IRELAND II, THE FOLLOWING APPLIES: , 
GUARANTEE]) 
 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
[IM FALL VON SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
DIE VON FRESENIUS IRELAND ODER 
FRESENIUS IRELAND II BEGEBEN WERDEN, 
IST FOLGENDES ANWENDBAR: , 
GARANTIE]) 
(1) Status. 
 
(1) Status. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded 
priority under mandatory provisions of statutory 
law. 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander 
und 
mit 
allen 
anderen 
gegenwärtigen und künftigen nicht besicherten 
und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nicht 
durch 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen 
ein 
Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird. 
(2) Negative Pledge.  
 
(2) Negativverpflichtung. 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, 
but only up to the time all amounts of principal 
and interest have been placed at the disposal of 
the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes [in the 
case of Notes issued by Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA, the following applies: (i)] not to grant or 
permit to subsist any mortgage, land charge, lien 
or any other security right in rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht) (the Security Interest) over any 
or all of its present or future assets, as security for 
any 
present 
or 
future 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the following 
applies: and (ii) to procure, to the extent legally 
possible, that none of its Subsidiaries will grant 
or permit to subsist any Security Interest over any 
or all of its present or future assets, as security for 
any 
present 
or 
future 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness,] without at the same time having 
the Holders share equally and ratably in such 
Security Interest. This undertaking shall not 
apply with respect to any Security Interest which 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis 
zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital 
und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung 
gestellt worden sind, [bei von Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(i)] 
keine 
Grundpfandrechte, Pfandrechte oder sonstigen 
dinglichen 
Sicherungsrechte 
(ein 
Sicherungsrecht) an gegenwärtigen oder zu-
künftigen Teilen ihres Vermögens oder ihres 
Vermögens 
insgesamt 
zur 
Sicherung 
der 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeiten zu bestellen oder fort-
bestehen zu lassen, [bei von Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und (ii) soweit rechtlich 
möglich, zu veranlassen, dass keine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
Sicherungsrechte 
an 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Teilen ihres 
Vermögens oder ihres Vermögens insgesamt zur 
Sicherung der gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
(i) is provided over any of the Issuer's claims [in 
the case of Notes issued by Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA, the following applies: or claims of any of 
its Subsidiaries] against any affiliated companies 
within the meaning of sections 15 et seq. of the 
German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) or 
any third party, which claims exist now or arise 
at any time in the future, as a result of the passing 
on of the proceeds from the sale by the issuer of 
any securities, provided that any such security 
serves to secure obligations under such securities 
issued by the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued 
by Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the following 
applies: or by any of its Subsidiaries], (ii) is 
existing on assets at the time of the acquisition 
thereof by the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued 
by Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the following 
applies: or by any of its Subsidiaries] or is 
existing over assets of a newly acquired company 
which becomes a member of the Fresenius 
Group, (iii) is existing on the issue date of the 
Notes, (iv) secures a Capital Market Indebtedness 
existing at the time of acquisition that becomes 
an obligation of the Issuer or of any company 
within the Fresenius Group as a consequence of 
such acquisition, provided that such Capital 
Market Indebtedness was not created in 
contemplation of such acquisition (v) is 
mandatory pursuant to applicable laws or 
required as a prerequisite for obtaining any 
governmental approvals, (vi) is provided in 
connection with any issuance of asset backed 
securities by the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the 
following applies: or by any of its Subsidiaries], 
(vii) is provided in respect of any issuance of 
asset backed securities made by a special purpose 
vehicle where the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the 
following applies: or any of its Subsidiaries] is 
the originator of the underlying assets, (viii) is 
provided in connection with the renewal, 
extension or replacement of any security pursuant 
to foregoing (i) through (vii) and, (ix) secures 
Capital Market Indebtedness the principal 
amount of which (when aggregated with the 
principal amount of any other Capital Market 
Indebtedness which has the benefit of a security 
other than any permitted under the sub-
paragraphs (i) to (viii) above) does not exceed 
EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies at any time).  
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
bestellt 
oder 
fortbestehen lässt,] ohne jeweils die Gläubiger 
zur gleichen Zeit auf gleiche Weise und anteilig 
an diesen Sicherungsrechten teilhaben zu lassen. 
Diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht in Bezug auf 
Sicherungsrechte, die (i) an gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Ansprüchen der Emittentin [bei von 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
oder Ansprüchen einer ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften] 
gegen 
verbundene 
Unternehmen im Sinne der §§ 15 f. Aktiengesetz 
oder 
gegen 
Dritte 
aufgrund 
von 
einer 
Übertragung von Erlösen aus dem Verkauf von 
Wertpapieren bestehen, soweit diese Sicherheiten 
zur Sicherung von Verpflichtungen aus diesen 
durch die Emittentin [bei von Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: oder durch eine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften] ausgegebenen Wertpa-
pieren dienen, (ii) an Vermögensgegenständen 
bestellt sind, die bereits zum Zeitpunkt des 
Erwerbs 
des 
betreffenden 
Vermögensgegenstandes durch die Emittentin 
[bei von Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: oder durch eine ihrer Tochtergesell-
schaften] bestanden, oder am Vermögen einer 
neu erworbenen Gesellschaft bestehen, die 
Mitglied des Fresenius-Konzerns wird, (iii) zum 
Ausgabetag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehen, 
(iv) 
eine 
im 
Zeitpunkt 
einer 
Akquisition 
bestehende 
Kapitalmarkt-
verbindlichkeit besichern, die infolge der 
Akquisition eine Verpflichtung der Emittentin 
oder einer Gesellschaft des Fresenius-Konzerns 
wird, sofern diese Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
nicht im Hinblick auf diese Akquisition 
begründet wurde, (v) aufgrund anwendbaren 
Rechts gesetzlich vorgeschriebene Sicherheiten 
sind 
oder 
solche, 
deren 
Bestehen 
eine 
Voraussetzung zur Erteilung einer behördlichen 
Genehmigung sind, (vi) im Zusammenhang mit 
durch die Emittentin [bei von Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: oder durch eine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften] begebenen asset backed 
securities (ABS) stehen, (vii) im Zusammenhang 
mit durch Zweckgesellschaften begebenen asset 
backed securities (ABS) stehen, bei denen die 
Emittentin [bei von Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
oder 
eine 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften] 
der 
Originator 
der 
zugrundeliegenden Vermögensgegenstände ist, 
(viii) der Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder dem 
Austausch 
irgendeiner 
Sicherheit 
gemäß 
vorstehend (i) bis (vii) dienen und (ix) 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten besichern, deren 
Kapitalbetrag 
(bei 
Aufaddierung 
auf 
den

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
Kapitalbetrag 
sonstiger 
Kapitalmarkt-
verbindlichkeiten, für die andere Sicherheiten als 
die nach (i) bis (viii) zulässigen bestehen) 
EUR 100.000.000 
(oder 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Gegenwert 
in 
anderen 
Währungen) 
nicht 
überschreitet.  
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness 
means 
any 
obligation for the payment of borrowed money 
which is evidenced by a certificate of 
indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) or which is 
represented by any bond or debt security with an 
original maturity of more than one year which is, 
or is intended to be, or is capable of being listed 
or traded on a stock exchange or other recognized 
securities market. 
 
Im 
Sinne 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit jede 
Verbindlichkeit 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener 
Geldbeträge, 
die 
durch 
Schuldscheindarlehen dokumentiert ist oder 
durch Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige 
Wertpapiere mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit 
von mehr als einem Jahr, die an einer Börse oder 
an einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt 
zugelassen 
oder 
gehandelt 
werden 
oder 
zugelassen oder gehandelt werden können, 
verbrieft, verkörpert oder dokumentiert ist. 
Fresenius Group means Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated 
basis. 
 
Fresenius-Konzern bezeichnet Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA und ihre Tochtergesellschaften auf 
konsolidierter Basis. 
[In the case of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) Guarantee and Negative Pledge. 
 
(3) Garantie und Negativverpflichtung. 
(a) Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (the Guarantor) 
has given an unconditional and irrevocable 
guarantee (the Guarantee) for the due and 
punctual payment of principal of, and 
interest on, and any other amounts payable 
under any Notes. The Guarantee constitutes 
a contract for the benefit of the Holders from 
time to time as third-party beneficiaries in 
accordance with § 328 paragraph 1 of the 
German 
Civil 
Code 
(Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) 13, giving rise to the right of 
each Holder to require performance of the 
Guarantee directly from the Guarantor and 
to enforce the Guarantee directly against the 
Guarantor. Copies of the Guarantee may be 
obtained free of charge at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent. 
 
(a) Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (die Garantin) 
hat eine unbedingte und unwiderrufliche 
Garantie (die Garantie) für die ord-
nungsgemäße und pünktliche Zahlung von 
Kapital und Zinsen und allen anderen zu 
zahlenden Beträgen unter den Schuld-
verschreibungen übernommen. Die Garantie 
stellt einen Vertrag zugunsten der Gläubiger 
als begünstigte Dritte im Sinne des § 328 
Absatz 1 BGB dar, der jedem Gläubiger das 
Recht gibt, Erfüllung der in der Garantie 
übernommenen 
Verpflichtungen 
unmittelbar von der Garantin zu verlangen 
und diese Verpflichtungen unmittelbar 
gegen die Garantin durchzusetzen. Kopien 
der Garantie können kostenlos bei der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle bezogen werden. 
(b) The Guarantor has undertaken in the 
Guarantee, as long as any of the Notes 
remain outstanding, but only up to the time 
all amounts of principal and interest have 
been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal 
Agent, (i) not to grant or permit to subsist 
any Security Interest over any or all of its 
present or future assets, as security for any 
present 
or 
future 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness (as defined in § 2(2)), and (ii) 
 
(b) Die Garantin hat sich in der Garantie 
verpflichtet, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch 
nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen der 
Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt 
worden sind, (i) keine Sicherungsrechte an 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Teilen 
ihres Vermögens oder ihres Vermögens 
insgesamt zur Sicherung gegenwärtiger oder 
 
13  An English language convenience translation of § 328 paragraph 1 BGB (German Civil Code) reads as follows: A contract 
may stipulate performance for the benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right directly to demand 
performance.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
to procure, to the extent legally possible, that 
none of its Subsidiaries will grant or permit 
to subsist any Security Interest over any or 
all of its present or future assets, as security 
for any present or future Capital Market 
Indebtedness without at the same time 
having the Holders share equally and ratably 
in such Security Interest. This undertaking 
shall not apply with respect to any Security 
Interest which (i) is provided over any of the 
Guarantor's claims or claims of any of its 
Subsidiaries 
against 
any 
affiliated 
companies within the meaning of sections 
15 et seq. of the German Stock Corporation 
Act (Aktiengesetz) or any third party, which 
claims exist now or arise at any time in the 
future, as a result of the passing on of the 
proceeds from the sale by the issuer of any 
securities, provided that any such security 
serves to secure obligations under such 
securities issued by the Guarantor or by any 
of its Subsidiaries, (ii) is existing on assets 
at the time of the acquisition thereof by the 
Guarantor or by any of its Subsidiaries or is 
existing over assets of a newly acquired 
company which becomes a member of the 
Fresenius Group (iii) is existing on the issue 
date of the Notes, (iv) secures a Capital 
Market Indebtedness existing at the time of 
acquisition that becomes an obligation of the 
Guarantor or of any company within the 
Fresenius Group as a consequence of such 
acquisition, provided that such Capital 
Market Indebtedness was not created in 
contemplation of such acquisition, (v) is 
mandatory pursuant to applicable laws or 
required as a prerequisite for obtaining any 
governmental approvals, (vi) is provided in 
connection with any issuance of asset 
backed securities by the Guarantor or by any 
of its Subsidiaries, (vii) is provided in 
respect of any issuance of asset backed 
securities made by a special purpose vehicle 
where the Guarantor or any of its 
Subsidiaries is the originator of the 
underlying assets, (viii) is provided in 
connection with the renewal, extension or 
replacement of any security pursuant to 
foregoing (i) through (vii) and, (ix) secures 
Capital Market Indebtedness the principal 
amount of which (when aggregated with the 
principal amount of any other Capital 
Market Indebtedness which has the benefit 
of a security other than any permitted under 
the sub-paragraphs (i) to (viii) above) does 
not 
exceed 
EUR 100,000,000 (or 
its 
equivalent in other currencies at any time).] 
zukünftiger Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
(wie in § 2(2) definiert) zu bestellen oder 
fortbestehen zu lassen und (ii) soweit 
rechtlich möglich, zu veranlassen, dass 
keine 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
Sicherungsrechte an gegenwärtigen oder zu-
künftigen Teilen ihres Vermögens oder ihres 
Vermögens insgesamt zur Sicherung der 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, bestellt oder 
fortbestehen 
lässt, 
ohne 
jeweils 
die 
Gläubiger zur gleichen Zeit auf gleiche 
Weise 
und 
anteilig 
an 
diesen 
Sicherungsrechten teilhaben zu lassen. 
Diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht in Bezug auf 
Sicherungsrechte, die (i) an gegenwärtigen 
oder zukünftigen Ansprüchen der Garantin 
oder 
Ansprüchen 
einer 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften gegen verbundene 
Unternehmen im Sinne der §§ 15 f. 
Aktiengesetz oder gegen Dritte aufgrund 
von einer Übertragung von Erlösen aus dem 
Verkauf von Wertpapieren bestehen, soweit 
diese Sicherheiten zur Sicherung von 
Verpflichtungen aus diesen durch die 
Garantin 
oder 
durch 
eine 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
ausgegebenen 
Wertpapieren 
dienen, 
(ii) 
an 
Vermögensgegenständen bestellt sind, die 
bereits zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs des 
betreffenden 
Vermögensgegenstandes 
durch die Garantin oder durch eine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften bestanden, oder am 
Vermögen 
einer 
neu 
erworbenen 
Gesellschaft bestehen, die Mitglied des 
Fresenius-Konzerns 
wird, 
(iii) 
zum 
Ausgabetag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehen, (iv) eine im Zeitpunkt einer 
Akquisition 
bestehende 
Kapitalmarkt-
verbindlichkeit besichern, die infolge der 
Akquisition eine Verpflichtung der Garantin 
oder einer Gesellschaft des Fresenius-
Konzerns 
wird, 
sofern 
diese 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
nicht 
im 
Hinblick auf diese Akquisition begründet 
wurde, (v) aufgrund anwendbaren Rechts 
gesetzlich vorgeschriebene Sicherheiten 
sind oder solche, deren Bestehen eine 
Voraussetzung 
zur 
Erteilung 
einer 
behördlichen Genehmigung sind, (vi) im 
Zusammenhang mit durch die Garantin oder 
durch eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften 
begebenen asset backed securities (ABS) 
stehen, (vii) im Zusammenhang mit durch 
Zweckgesellschaften 
begebenen 
asset 
backed securities (ABS) stehen, bei denen 
die 
Garantin 
oder 
eine 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften der Originator der 
zugrundeliegenden Vermögensgegenstände 
ist, (viii) der Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
dem Austausch irgendeiner Sicherheit 
gemäß vorstehend (i) bis (vii) dienen und 
(ix) 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
besichern, 
deren 
Kapitalbetrag 
(bei 
Aufaddierung 
auf 
den 
Kapitalbetrag 
sonstiger 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, 
für die andere Sicherheiten als die nach (i) 
bis 
(viii) 
zulässigen 
bestehen) 
EUR 100.000.000 (oder deren jeweiligen 
Gegenwert in anderen Währungen) nicht 
überschreitet.] 
Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, 
any corporation, limited liability company, 
association, partnership or other business entity 
whose results of operations are consolidated in 
accordance with IFRS with those of:  
 
Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
einen Rechtsträger, eine Kapitalgesellschaft, eine 
Gesellschaft mit Haftungsbeschränkung, eine 
Vereinigung, eine Personengesellschaft oder ein 
sonstiges Unternehmen, deren bzw. dessen 
Ergebnisse gemäß IFRS mit den Ergebnissen 
folgender Personen konsolidiert werden:  
(a) such Person; 
 
(a) dieses Rechtsträgers; 
(b) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of 
such Person; or 
 
(b) dieses 
Rechtsträgers 
und 
einer 
oder 
mehreren 
Tochtergesellschaften 
dieses 
Rechtsträgers; oder 
(c) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person[;][.] 
 
(c) einer oder mehrerer Tochtergesellschaften 
dieses Rechtsträgers[,][.] 
[As long as Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA and its subsidiaries are fully consolidated 
in the consolidated financial statements of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the following 
applies: provided, however, that this definition of 
Subsidiaries shall exclude Fresenius Medical 
Care AG & Co. KGaA and its subsidiaries.] 
 
[Solange die Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA und ihre Tochtergesellschaften im Wege 
der 
Vollkonsolidierung 
in 
den 
Konzernabschluss der Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA 
einbezogen 
sind, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: wobei jedoch diese Definition von 
Tochtergesellschaft die Fresenius Medical Care 
AG & Co. KGaA und ihre Tochtergesellschaften 
ausschließt.] 
IFRS refers to International Financial Reporting 
Standards of the International Accounting 
Standards Board, as adopted by the European 
Union. 
 
IFRS bezeichnet die International Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
des 
International 
Accounting Standards Board, wie sie von der 
Europäischen Union anerkannt werden. 
§ 3 
(INTEREST) 
 
§ 3 
(ZINSEN) 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. 
[In the case of Notes with a constant fixed rate, 
the following applies: The Notes shall bear 
interest on their principal amount at the rate of 
[Rate of Interest]% per annum from (and 
including) [Interest Commencement Date] to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in 
§ 5(1)). Interest shall be payable in arrear on 
[Interest Payment Date(s)] in each year (each 
such date, an Interest Payment Date).] 
 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
konstantem 
Festzinssatz 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
bezogen auf ihren Nennbetrag verzinst, und zwar 
vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] (einschließlich) bis 
zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5(1) definiert) 
(ausschließlich) mit jährlich [Zinssatz] %. Die 
Zinsen 
sind 
nachträglich 
am 
[Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar 
(jeweils ein Zinszahlungstag).] 
[In the case of Notes with different fixed rates 
(Step-up or Step-down Notes), the following 
applies: The Notes shall bear interest on their 
principal amount from (and including) [Interest 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit 
unterschiedlichen Festzinssätzen (Step-up oder 
Step-down 
Schuldverschreibungen) 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Commencement Date] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5(1)). Interest in 
respect of each Interest Period specified below 
shall accrue at the relevant rate of interest 
specified below and shall be payable in arrear on 
the respective Interest Payment Dates specified 
below. 
Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf 
ihren Nennbetrag verzinst, und zwar vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5(1) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich). Die Zinsen fallen nach Maßgabe 
der nachstehend genannten Zinssätze an und sind 
nachträglich an den jeweiligen nachstehend 
genannten Zinszahlungstagen zahlbar. 
Interest 
Period 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
Relevant 
Rate of 
Interest 
 
Zinsperiode 
Zinszahlungs-
tag 
Maßgeb-
licher 
Zinssatz 
From (and 
including) 
[date] to (but 
excluding) 
[date] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
(each such 
date, an 
Interest 
Payment 
Date) 
[Rate of 
Interest]% 
per annum]] 
Vom [Tag] 
(ein-
schließlich) 
bis [Tag] 
(ausschließ-
lich)  
[Zinszahlungs-
tag] 
(jeweils ein 
Zinszahlungs-
tag) 
[Zinssatz] 
% per 
annum]] 
The first payment of interest shall be made on 
[First Interest Payment Date] [if the First 
Interest Payment Date is not the first 
anniversary of the Interest Commencement 
Date, the following applies: and will amount to 
[Initial 
Broken 
Amount 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination.] [If 
Maturity Date is not an Interest Payment Date, 
the following applies: Interest in respect of the 
period from (and including) [last Interest 
Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date] to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date will amount to 
[Final 
Broken 
Amount 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination.] 
 
Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am [erster 
Zinszahlungstag] 
[sofern 
der 
erste 
Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste Jahrestag des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: und beläuft sich auf [anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag je Festgelegte Stückelung] 
je 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung.] 
[Sofern 
der 
Fälligkeitstag kein Zinszahlungstag ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Zinsen für den 
Zeitraum vom [letzter dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehender 
Zinszahlungstag] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) 
belaufen 
sich 
auf 
[abschließender 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung] 
je 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung.] 
(2) Accrual of Interest. 
 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. 
The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the 
expiry of the day preceding the day on which they 
are due for redemption. If the Issuer for any 
reason fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest shall continue to accrue at the default rate 
of interest established by statutory law14 on the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes from (and including) the due date to (but 
excluding) the day on which such redemption 
payment is made to the Holders. 
 
Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen endet 
mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an 
dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Fälligkeit 
aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund 
nicht 
zurückzahlt, 
wird 
der 
ausstehende 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
von dem Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis 
zum Tag der vollständigen Rückzahlung an die 
Gläubiger (ausschließlich) mit dem gesetzlich 
bestimmten Verzugszins15 verzinst. 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Periods other than a 
full Year. 
 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Zeiträume, die nicht 
einem vollen Jahr entsprechen. 
If interest is to be calculated for a period other 
than a full year, it shall be calculated on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below). [If 
 
Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum, der nicht 
einem vollen Jahr entspricht, zu berechnen sind, 
erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des 
 
14  The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code. 
15  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu 
Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
the Specified Currency is Euro and if 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
is 
applicable, 
the 
following applies: The number of Interest 
Payment Dates per calendar year (each a 
Determination Date) is [number of regular 
Interest Payment Dates per calendar year].] 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachfolgend definiert). 
[Falls die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist, und 
falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Anzahl der Zins-
zahlungstage im Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein 
Feststellungstermin) 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr].] 
(4) Day Count Fraction. 
 
(4) Zinstagequotient. 
Day Count Fraction means with regard to the 
calculation of the amount of interest on the Notes 
for any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung 
von 
Zinsbeträgen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der Zinsberechnungszeitraum): 
[If the Specified Currency is Euro and if 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
is 
applicable 
the 
following applies: 
 
[Falls die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist und 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in § 3(3)) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or 
 
(a) wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt 
oder ihr entspricht, die Anzahl der Tage in 
dem betreffenden Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
geteilt durch das Produkt (1) der Anzahl der 
Tage in der Feststellungsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in 
§ 3(3) angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; 
oder 
(b) if the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of: (A) the 
number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Calculation Period begins divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in § 3(3)) 
that would occur in one calendar year and 
(B) the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in § 3(3)) that would 
occur in one calendar year. 
 
(b) wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt, 
die Summe aus (A) der Anzahl der Tage in 
dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der 
Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) 
der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in 
§ 3(3) angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr 
und (B) der Anzahl der Tage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in 
dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in 
§ 3(3) angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr. 
Determination Period means the period from 
(and including) a Determination Date to, (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date. For the 
purpose 
of 
determining 
the 
relevant 
Determination Period, [deemed Interest Payment 
Date(s)] shall [each] be deemed to be a 
Determination Date.] 
 
Feststellungsperiode ist die Periode ab einem 
Feststellungstermin (einschließlich desselben) 
bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich desselben). Zum Zwecke der 
Bestimmung 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Feststellungsperiode 
ist 
[fiktive(r) 
Zinszahlungstag(e)] 
[jeweils] 
ein 
Feststellungstermin.] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
the following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of 
days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the 
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl von Tagen 
im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 
360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day 
of a month but the first day of the Calculation 
Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of 
a month, in which case the month that includes 
that last day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day 
of the Calculation Period is the last day of the 
month of February in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month).] 
Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei 
denn, 
(A) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monates, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. 
noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in 
welchem Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat 
nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu 
behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten 
Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the 
following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months, without regard 
to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last 
day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 
(dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage 
eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten 
zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es 
sei 
denn, 
dass 
im 
Fall 
des 
letzten 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums der Fälligkeitstag der 
letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist, in welchem 
Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat 
zu 30 Tagen verlängert gilt).] 
§ 4 
(PAYMENTS) 
 
§ 4 
(ZAHLUNGEN) 
(1) Payment of Principal and Payment of Interest. 
 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zahlung von Zinsen. 
(a) Payment of principal in respect of the Notes 
shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
(a) Zahlungen 
von 
Kapital 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen 
nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
(b) Payment of Interest on the Notes shall be 
made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant account holders 
of the Clearing System. 
 
(b) Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary 
Global Note, the following applies: Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde ist folgendes anwendbar: Die 
Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, 
die durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, 
und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung 
gemäß § 1(3)(b).]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
(2) Manner of Payment. 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. 
Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due in respect 
of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen in der Festgelegten 
Währung. 
(3) Discharge. 
 
(3) Erfüllung. 
The Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the 
following applies: or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor] shall be discharged by payment to, or 
to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
Die Emittentin [bei von Fresenius Ireland oder 
Fresenius 
Ireland 
II 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: bzw. die Garantin] wird durch 
Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Payment Business Day. 
 
(4) Zahltag. 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect 
of any Note is not a Payment Business Day then 
the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next such day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay. 
 
Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der 
kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag 
am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist 
nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu 
verlangen. 
For these purposes, Payment Business Day 
means any day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which the Clearing System is 
operational 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet Zahltag einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) an dem das 
Clearingsystem betriebsbereit ist  
[In the case the Notes are not denominated in 
Euro the following applies: and on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle 
payments 
in 
[relevant 
financial 
center(s)][.]]  
 
[Im Fall von nicht auf Euro lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: und an dem Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen 
in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln[.]]  
[In the case the Notes are denominated in Euro, 
the following applies: as well as all relevant parts 
of the real-time gross settlement system operated 
by the Eurosystem (T2), or any successor system, 
are operational to forward the relevant payment.] 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
auf 
Euro 
lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des 
real-time 
gross 
settlement 
system 
des 
Eurosystems (T2) oder eines Nachfolgesystems 
betriebsbereit 
sind, 
um 
die 
betreffenden 
Zahlungen weiterzuleiten.] 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. 
 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: [if the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other 
than tax reasons or reasons of minimal 
outstanding principal amount, the following 
applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the 
Notes;] [if the Notes are redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer (Make-Whole), the 
following applies: the Make-Whole Amount of 
the Notes;] [If the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Transaction Trigger Event the 
following applies: the Event Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] [if the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Holder other 
 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden 
Beträge ein: [falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als 
steuerlichen Gründen oder aufgrund eines 
geringfügig 
ausstehendem 
Nennbetrags 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen (Make-Whole), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: den Make-Whole Betrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls die Emittentin 
das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
than for reason of a Change of Control the 
following applies: the Put Redemption Amount 
of the Notes;] and any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 7. 
vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines Transaktions-
Ereignisses 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: den Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, außer bei Vorliegen 
eines Kontrollwechsels, vorzeitig zu kündigen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
den 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag 
sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche 
gemäß 
§ 7 
zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. 
The Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the 
following applies: or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor] may deposit with the local court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt/Main principal or 
interest not claimed by Holders within 30 days 
after the relevant due date, even though such 
Holders may not be in default of acceptance of 
payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is 
effected and the right of withdrawal is waived, 
the respective claims of such Holders against the 
Issuer shall cease. 
 
Die Emittentin [bei von Fresenius Ireland oder 
Fresenius 
Ireland 
II 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: bzw. die Garantin] ist berechtigt, 
beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den 
Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
dem betreffenden Fälligkeitstag beansprucht 
worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht 
in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen 
die Emittentin. 
§ 5 
(REDEMPTION) 
 
§ 5 
(RÜCKZAHLUNG) 
(1) Final Redemption. 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part 
or purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall be 
redeemed at their principal amount on [Maturity 
Date] (the Maturity Date). 
 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem 
Nennbetrag 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag] 
(der 
Fälligkeitstag) zurückgezahlt. 
(2) Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer for 
Reasons of Taxation. 
 
(2) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of any Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction (as defined in § 7 herein) or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or 
therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay 
duties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations (including 
the enactment of any legislation and the 
publication of any judicial decision or regulatory 
determination), which amendment or change is 
effective on or after the date on which the last 
tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the 
Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the following 
applies: or the Guarantor, as the case may be,] is 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin 
mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht mehr als 60 
und nicht weniger als 30 Tagen durch Erklärung 
gegenüber 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
Benachrichtigung gemäß § 12 gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
Nennbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls 
die Emittentin [bei von Fresenius Ireland oder 
Fresenius 
Ireland 
II 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: oder die Garantin] als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder 
Abgabengesetze 
und 
-vorschriften 
einer

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined 
in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this 
obligation cannot be avoided by the use of 
reasonable measures available to the Issuer [in 
the case of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: or 
the Guarantor, as the case may be,] the Notes may 
be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the 
option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' 
nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
§ 12 to the Holders, at their principal amount, 
together with interest (if any) accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption (excluding).  
Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion (wie in § 7 dieser 
Bedingungen definiert) oder deren politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung 
dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (einschließlich 
des 
Erlasses 
von 
Gesetzen 
sowie 
Bekanntmachung 
gerichtlicher 
oder 
aufsichtsrechtlicher 
Entscheidungen) 
(vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung 
wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3(1) definiert) zur 
Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 
dieser Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein 
wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen zumutbarer, der Emittentin [bei von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: oder der Garantin] zur 
Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden 
werden kann. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland II, the following applies: or the 
Guarantor] would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the 
following applies: or the Guarantee] then due, or 
(ii) if at the time such notice is given, such 
obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does 
not remain in effect.  
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin [bei von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: oder die Garantin] 
verpflichtet wäre, solche Zusätzlichen Beträge zu 
zahlen, 
falls 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen [bei von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: oder die Garantie] dann fällig sein 
würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erklärt wird, 
die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist.  
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with 
§ 12. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and must set forth a 
statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem.  
 
Eine 
solche 
Kündigung 
ist 
gemäß 
§ 12 
bekanntzumachen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin 
nennen und eine zusammenfassende Erklärung 
enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der 
Emittentin begründenden Umständen darlegt. 
Before the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by an executive director of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an 
opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of 
recognized standing to the effect that the Issuer 
[in the case of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland 
or Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be,] has or will 
 
Vor Bekanntgabe einer Mitteilung über eine 
Rückzahlung gemäß diesen Bestimmungen hat 
die Emittentin der Emissionsstelle eine von 
einem 
Mitglied 
der 
Geschäftsleitung 
der 
Emittentin 
unterzeichnete 
Bescheinigung 
zukommen zu lassen, der zufolge die Emittentin 
berechtigt ist, eine entsprechende Rückzahlung 
zu leisten, und in der nachvollziehbar dargelegt 
ist, dass die Bedingungen für das Recht der 
Emittentin zur Rückzahlung gemäß diesen 
Bestimmungen erfüllt sind; zusätzlich hat die 
Emittentin 
ein 
von 
unabhängigen 
und 
anerkannten 
Rechts- 
oder 
Steuerberatern 
erstelltes Gutachten vorzulegen, demzufolge die

--- Page 115 ---
-
 
-
 
115 
 
become obliged to pay such Additional Amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. 
Emittentin [bei von Fresenius Ireland oder 
Fresenius 
Ireland 
II 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: oder die Garantin] in Folge einer 
entsprechenden Änderung oder Ergänzung zur 
Zahlung Zusätzlicher Beträge verpflichtet ist 
oder sein wird. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal 
Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount, the 
following applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar:  
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Aggregate 
Principal Amount. 
 
(3) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehendem 
Gesamtnennbetrag.  
If 80% or more in principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased by the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland II, the following applies:, Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA] or any Subsidiary of Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA [if the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Make-
Whole), the following applies: (provided, 
however, that such threshold of 80% or more in 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding 
has not been reached as a direct result of a 
redemption of some, but not all, of the Notes at 
the option of the Issuer (Make-whole) pursuant to 
§ 5[(6)])], the Issuer may, on not less than 30 or 
more than 60 days' notice to the Holders of Notes 
redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes as a 
whole at their principal amount, together with 
interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption (excluding).]  
 
Wenn 80 % oder mehr des Nennbetrags der dann 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Fresenius 
Ireland oder der Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar:, Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA] oder eine Tochtergesellschaft von 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA zurückgezahlt oder 
zurückerworben wurde [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen (Make-Whole), ist 
folgendes anwendbar: (vorausgesetzt dass die 
Erreichung dieser Schwelle von 80% oder mehr 
des 
Nennbetrags 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht unmittelbar durch 
eine vorzeitige teilweise Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
(Make-Whole) 
gemäß 
§ 5[(6)] 
herbeigeführt 
wurde)], 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum 
Nennbetrag, 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurück zu zahlen.] 
[If the Holders may request the repurchase of the 
Notes upon a Change of Control, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls 
die 
Gläubiger 
bei 
Vorliegen 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
den 
Ankauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verlangen 
können, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(4) Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders 
upon a Change of Control. 
 
(4) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels. 
Each Holder of the Notes, upon the occurrence of 
a Change of Control Triggering Event, will have 
the right (unless, prior to the giving of the Put 
Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives 
notice to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
§ 5(2), i.e., for taxation reasons) to require that 
the Issuer repurchases such Holder's Notes on the 
Optional Redemption Date at a purchase price in 
cash equal to 101% of the principal amount 
together with interest (if any) accrued to the 
Optional Redemption Date (excluding). 
 
 
Falls ein Kontrollwechselereignis stattfindet, hat 
jeder Gläubiger das Recht (soweit die Emittentin 
nicht bereits vor Abgabe der Vorzeitigen 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) die Rückzahlung gemäß § 5(2), d.h. aus 
steuerlichen Gründen, erklärt hat) von der 
Emittentin am Stichtag den Rückkauf seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen zu einem Kaufpreis von 
101 % des Nennbetrags zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zum Stichtag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zu verlangen.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
In this context the following provisions apply: 
 
In diesem Zusammenhang finden die folgenden 
Vorschriften Anwendung: 
Change of Control Triggering Event means the 
occurrence of a Change of Control together with 
a Ratings Decline. 
 
Ein Kontrollwechselereignis liegt vor, wenn ein 
Kontrollwechsel 
zusammen 
mit 
einer 
Ratingherabstufung eintritt. 
Rating Agency means (1) S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited and its subsidiaries or successors 
(S&P), (2) Moody's Deutschland GmbH. and its 
subsidiaries or successors (Moody's), and (3) 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and its subsidiaries 
or successors (Fitch), or (4) if S&P, Moody's or 
Fitch, or all three shall not make a rating of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA publicly available, a 
European-wide reputable securities rating agency 
or agencies, as the case may be, selected by 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, which shall be 
substituted for S&P, Moody's or Fitch or all three, 
as the case may be. 
 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet (1) S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited sowie deren Tochter- 
oder 
Nachfolgegesellschaften 
(S&P), 
(2) 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH sowie deren 
Tochter- 
oder 
Nachfolgegesellschaften 
(Moody's), (3) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
sowie 
deren 
Tochter- 
oder 
Nachfolgegesellschaften (Fitch), oder (4) falls 
S&P, Moody's oder Fitch oder alle drei kein 
Rating für Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA öffentlich 
zur Verfügung stellen, eine Ratingagentur oder 
Ratingagenturen mit europaweitem Ansehen, die 
von Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA ausgewählt wird 
und S&P, Moody's oder Fitch oder alle diese 
Agenturen ersetzt. 
Ratings Decline means that if, at the time of the 
occurrence of a Change of Control, Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA has been, from any Rating Agency 
it has solicited, (a) rated Investment Grade and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is, within 
120 days from such time, either downgraded to a 
non-investment grade rating or withdrawn and is 
not within such 120-day period subsequently (in 
the case of a downgrade) upgraded to Investment 
Grade by such Rating Agency or (in the case of 
withdrawal) replaced by an Investment Grade 
rating from any other Rating Agency; or (b) rated 
below Investment Grade and such rating from 
any Rating Agency is, within 120 days from such 
time, downgraded by one or more gradations 
(including gradations within Rating Categories as 
well as between Rating Categories) and is not 
within such 120-day period subsequently 
upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by 
such Rating Agency, provided that if at the time 
of the occurrence of the Change of Control 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA carries a rating from 
more than one Rating Agency, at least one of 
which is Investment Grade, then sub-paragraph 
(a) will apply; and in making the relevant 
decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating 
Agency announces publicly or confirms in 
writing to Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA that such 
decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the 
occurrence of the Change of Control. 
Provided however that, no Ratings Decline will 
occur if at the end of the 120-day period 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA has been rated by at 
least two Rating Agencies, it has solicited, 
Investment Grade. 
 
Eine 
Ratingherabstufung 
liegt 
vor, 
falls 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (aufgrund einer 
Beauftragung durch Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA) 
bei Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels von einer 
Ratingagentur (a) mit Investment Grade bewertet 
ist und dieses Rating von einer Ratingagentur 
innerhalb 
von 
120 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
Kontrollwechsel zu einem non-investment grade 
Rating 
herabgestuft 
oder 
das 
Rating 
zurückgezogen wurde und nicht innerhalb dieser 
120-Tagesperiode anschließend (im Falle einer 
Herabstufung) durch diese Ratingagentur wieder 
auf ein Investment Grade Rating heraufgestuft 
oder (im Falle eines Zurückziehens) durch das 
Investment 
Grade 
Rating 
einer 
anderen 
Ratingagentur ersetzt wurde; oder (b) unterhalb 
von Investment Grade bewertet ist und dieses 
Rating von einer Ratingagentur innerhalb von 
120 Tagen nach dem Kontrollwechsel um eine 
oder 
mehrere 
Stufen 
(einschließlich 
Untergliederungen innerhalb von sowie zwischen 
Ratingkategorien) 
herabgestuft 
und 
nicht 
innerhalb dieser 120-Tagesperiode anschließend 
wieder auf das ursprüngliche oder ein besseres 
Rating durch diese Ratingagentur heraufgestuft 
wurde; wobei, falls Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
zum Zeitpunkt des Eintritts des Kontrollwechsels 
über ein Rating von mehr als einer Ratingagentur 
verfügt, von denen mindestens eines ein 
Investment Grade Rating ist, Absatz (a) 
Anwendung findet; und im Zusammenhang mit 
einer der oben genannten Entscheidungen die 
betreffende Ratingagentur öffentlich bekannt 
macht oder gegenüber Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
schriftlich bestätigt, dass diese Entscheidung 
ganz oder teilweise auf den Kontrollwechsel 
zurückzuführen ist.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Eine Ratingherabstufung liegt jedoch nicht vor, 
falls Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (aufgrund einer 
Beauftragung durch Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA) 
am Ende der 120-Tagesperiode von mindestens 
zwei Ratingagenturen mit Investment Grade 
bewertet wird.  
Rating Category means:  
 
Ratingkategorie bezeichnet: 
(a) with respect to S&P or Fitch, any of the 
following categories: BB, B, CCC, CC, C 
and D (or equivalent successor categories), 
 
(a) in Bezug auf S&P oder Fitch eine der 
folgenden Kategorien: BB, B, CCC, CC, C 
und 
D 
(bzw. 
entsprechende 
Nachfolgekategorien); 
(b) with respect to Moody's, any of the 
following categories: Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C and 
D (or equivalent successor categories), and 
 
(b) in Bezug auf Moody's eine der folgenden 
Kategorien: Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C und D (bzw. 
entsprechende Nachfolgekategorien); und 
(c) the equivalent of any such category of S&P, 
Moody's or Fitch used by another rating 
agency in determining whether the rating of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA has decreased by 
one or more gradations, gradations within 
rating categories ("+" and "-" for S&P, "1", 
"2" and "3" for Moody's, "+" and "-" for 
Fitch; or the equivalent gradations for 
another rating agency) shall be taken into 
account (e.g., with respect to S&P, a decline 
in a rating from BB+ to BB, as well as from 
BB- to B+, will constitute a decrease of one 
gradation). 
 
(c) diesen Kategorien von S&P oder Moody's 
oder Fitch entsprechende Ratingkategorien 
einer anderen Ratingagentur. Bei der 
Bestimmung, ob das Rating von Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA um eine oder mehrere 
Stufen herabgestuft wurde, werden die 
jeweiligen 
Ratingkategorien 
weiter 
untergliedernde Zusätze ("+" und "-" bei 
S&P, "1", "2" und "3" bei Moody's, "+" und 
"-" bei Fitch bzw. entsprechende Zusätze 
anderer Ratingagenturen) berücksichtigt 
(z. B. 
entspricht 
bei 
S&P 
eine 
Ratingänderung von BB+ auf BB oder von 
BB- auf B+ jeweils einer Herabstufung um 
eine Stufe). 
Investment Grade means a rating of (i) BBB- or 
higher by S&P and Fitch and, (ii) Baa3 or higher 
by Moody's, or the equivalent of such ratings by 
S&P, Moody's or Fitch and the equivalent in 
respect of rating categories of any Rating 
Agencies substituted for S&P, Moody's or Fitch.  
 
Investment Grade bezeichnet ein Rating von (i) 
BBB- oder höher im Fall von S&P und Fitch und 
(ii) Baa3 oder höher im Fall von Moody's, oder 
das entsprechende Äquivalent dieser Ratings im 
Fall von S&P, Moody's oder Fitch sowie das 
entsprechende 
Äquivalent 
in 
den 
Ratingkategorien einer anderen Ratingagentur, 
durch die S&P, Moody's oder Fitch ersetzt wurde. 
A Change of Control means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events: 
 
Ein Kontrollwechsel bezeichnet den Eintritt eines 
oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse:  
(a) so long as Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is 
organized as a KGaA, if the General Partner 
of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA charged with 
the management of Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA shall at any time fail to be a 
Subsidiary 
of 
Else 
Kröner-Fresenius-
Stiftung, or if Else Kröner-Fresenius-
Stiftung shall fail at any time to own or 
control more than 10% of the capital stock 
with ordinary voting power in Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA;  
 
(a) so lange Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA die 
Rechtsform einer KGaA hat: Wenn es sich 
bei dem mit der Geschäftsführung von 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA beauftragten 
Komplementär 
der 
Gesellschaft 
zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt nicht um eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
der 
Else 
Kröner-
Fresenius-Stiftung handelt oder wenn die 
Else 
Kröner-Fresenius-Stiftung 
zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt nicht mehr als 10 % 
des stimmberechtigten Grundkapitals an 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA hält und 
kontrolliert; 
(b) if Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is no longer 
organized as a KGaA, any event the result of 
which is that (A) any person or group 
 
(b) wenn Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA nicht mehr 
die Rechtsform einer KGaA hat, ein 
Ereignis, in dessen Folge (A) eine Person

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
(Relevant Person(s)) acting in concert (as 
defined in § 30 (2) of the German Securities 
Acquisition 
and 
Takeover 
Act 
(Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und 
Übernahmegesetz)) or any person or group 
acting on behalf of any such Relevant 
Person(s), other than the Permitted Holder, 
is or becomes the direct or indirect legal or 
beneficial ownership or any legal or 
beneficial entitlement (as defined in § 34 of 
the 
German 
Securities 
Trading 
Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz)) 
of, 
in 
the 
aggregate, more than 50% of the voting 
shares of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA; or 
oder 
mehrere 
Personen 
(Relevante 
Personen), die abgestimmt handeln (wie in 
§ 30 (2) 
Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und 
Übernahmegesetz definiert), oder einer oder 
mehrere Dritte, die im Auftrag einer solchen 
Relevanten 
Personen 
handeln, 
mit 
Ausnahme 
des 
Zulässigen 
Inhabers, 
unmittelbar oder mittelbar rechtliches oder 
wirtschaftliches Eigentum in jedweder Form 
bzw. die unmittelbare oder mittelbare 
rechtliche 
oder 
wirtschaftliche 
Verfügungsbefugnis in jedweder Form (wie 
in 
§ 34 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetz 
beschrieben) an insgesamt mehr als 50 % 
der stimmberechtigten Aktien der Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA erlangen; oder  
(c) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer 
(in one transaction or a series of related 
transactions) of all or substantially all of the 
assets of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA to any 
Relevant Person or any person or group 
acting on behalf of any such Relevant 
Person(s). 
 
(c) ein Verkauf, ein Leasing, ein Tausch oder 
eine sonstige Übertragung (im Rahmen 
einer einzigen Transaktion oder einer Reihe 
miteinander 
zusammenhängender 
Transaktionen) aller oder aller wesentlichen 
Vermögenswerte der Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA an eine oder mehrere Relevante 
Personen, oder einen oder mehrere Dritte, 
die im Auftrag solcher Relevanten Personen 
handeln. 
General Partner means Fresenius Management 
SE, a societas europaea organized under the laws 
of Germany, including its successors and assigns 
and other Persons, in each case who serve as the 
general 
partner 
(persönlich 
haftender 
Gesellschafter) of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
from time to time. 
 
Komplementär 
bezeichnet 
die 
Fresenius 
Management SE, eine societas europaea nach 
deutschem Recht, sowie ihre Nachfolger, 
Abtretungsempfänger und sonstige Personen, die 
zum 
jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt 
als 
persönlich 
haftender Gesellschafter von Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA auftreten. 
Person means any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock 
company, trust, unincorporated organization, 
government or any agency, instrumentality or 
political subdivision thereof, or any other entity. 
 
Person bezeichnet eine natürliche Person, eine 
Körperschaft, eine Personengesellschaft, ein 
Joint 
Venture, 
eine 
Vereinigung, 
eine 
Aktiengesellschaft, einen Trust, eine Einrichtung 
ohne eigene Rechtspersönlichkeit, eine staatliche 
Stelle oder Behörde, eine Gebietskörperschaft 
oder einen sonstigen Rechtsträger. 
Permitted Holder means Else Kröner-Fresenius-
Stiftung and any of its Affiliates. 
 
Zulässiger Inhaber bezeichnet die Else Kröner-
Fresenius-Stiftung und alle mit ihr verbundenen 
Personen. 
Affiliate of any specified Person means:  
 
Verbundene Person einer bestimmten Person 
bezeichnet: 
(a) any other Person, directly or indirectly, 
controlling or controlled by, or  
 
(a) jede andere Person, die diese Person direkt 
oder indirekt kontrolliert bzw. direkt oder 
indirekt von ihr kontrolliert wird, oder 
(b) under direct or indirect common control 
with such specified Person.  
 
(b) mit dieser bestimmten Person unter direkter 
oder indirekter gemeinsamer Kontrolle 
steht. 
For the purposes of this definition, "control" 
when used with respect to any Person means the 
power to direct the management and policies of 
such Person, directly or indirectly, whether 
 
Für den Zweck dieser Definition bezeichnet 
"Kontrolle" bei Verwendung in Bezug auf eine 
Person die Befugnis, deren Geschäftsführung und 
Unternehmenspolitik direkt oder indirekt zu

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
through the ownership of voting securities, by 
contract or otherwise (section 15 of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz)); and the 
terms "controlling" and "controlled" have 
meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
bestimmen (§ 15 Aktiengesetz), sei es durch den 
Besitz von stimmberechtigten Kapitalanteilen, 
eine vertragliche Festlegung oder anderweitig, 
und die Bedeutung der Begriffe "kontrolliert" und 
"kontrollieren" ist entsprechend zu verstehen. 
Within 30 days upon the Issuer becoming aware 
that a Change of Control Triggering Event has 
occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a Put Event 
Notice) to the Holders in accordance with § 12 
stating: 
 
Innerhalb von 30 Tagen, nachdem die Emittentin 
von einem Kontrollwechselereignis Kenntnis 
erlangt hat, wird die Emittentin dies den 
Gläubigern 
gemäß 
§ 12 
bekannt 
machen 
(Vorzeitige 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung) 
und 
dabei folgendes mitteilen: 
(a) that a Change of Control Triggering Event 
has occurred; 
 
(a) dass 
ein 
Kontrollwechselereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(b) the circumstances and relevant facts 
regarding 
such 
Change 
of 
Control 
Triggering Event; 
 
(b) die Umstände und relevanten Informationen 
bezüglich des Kontrollwechselereignisses;  
(c) the repurchase date (which shall be no 
earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days 
from the date such Put Event Notice is 
given) (the Optional Redemption Date); 
 
(c) den Tag des Rückkaufs (der nicht früher als 
30 und nicht später als 60 Tage nach dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Vorzeitige 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung erfolgt, liegen 
darf) (der Stichtag); 
(d) that each Note will be subject to repurchase 
only in integral multiples of the Specified 
Denomination; and 
 
(d) dass die Schuldverschreibungen nur in 
ganzen 
Vielfachen 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung zurückgekauft werden; und 
(e) the instructions determined by the Issuer that 
a Holder must follow in order to have its 
Notes purchased pursuant to this § 5(4). 
 
(e) die 
Anweisungen, 
die 
ein 
Gläubiger 
befolgen 
muss, 
damit 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 5(4) zurückgekauft werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must 
submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed option exercise notice in the form 
available from the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent within the period of 20 days after a Put 
Event Notice is given. No option so exercised 
may be revoked or withdrawn without the prior 
consent of the Issuer.] 
 
Um ein solches Recht auszuüben, muss ein 
Gläubiger 
während 
der 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftszeiten 
bei 
der 
angegebenen 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
vollständig ausgefüllte Ausübungserklärung in 
der durch die Emissionsstelle bereitgestellten 
Form innerhalb eines Zeitraums von 20 Tagen 
nach 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungserklärung übermitteln. Kein in 
dieser Form ausgeübtes Recht kann ohne 
vorherige Zustimmung der Emittentin widerrufen 
oder zurückgezogen werden.]  
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Redemption Amount), the 
following applies: 
 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen 
(Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
 
[(5)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes within the Call 
Redemption 
Period(s) 
at 
the 
Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the relevant redemption date.  
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz 
(b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
innerhalb 
des/der 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraums/räume 
(Call) 
zum/zu den Wahl- Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträgen 
(Call), 
wie 
nachfolgend 
angegeben, 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
maßgeblichen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen.  
Call Redemption 
Period(s) 
 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
[Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungszeitraum/räume 
(Call) 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungsbetrag/ 
-beträge (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
zeitraum/ räume] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag-/beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder, the following applies: The 
Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of 
any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise 
by the Holder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under subparagraph 
[(8)] of this § 5.] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht 
dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(8)] dieses § 5 verlangt 
hat.] 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 12. Such notice shall 
specify: 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie 
muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) whether such series is to be redeemed 
in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurück-
zuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
(iii) the relevant redemption date, which 
shall be not less than 20 nor more than 
40 days after the date on which notice 
is given by the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
(iii) den maßgeblichen Rückzahlungstag, 
der nicht weniger als 20 und nicht mehr 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Kündigung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; 
und 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which 
such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), 
zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden.  
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in 
NGN form, the following applies: For 
technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the 
case of a partial redemption the outstanding 
redemption amount will be reflected in the 
records of the ICSDs as either a reduction in 
nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the 
discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
 
(c) Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen 
in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Für das technische Verfahren 
der ICSDs wird im Fall einer teilweisen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
entstehende 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
entweder 
als 
reduzierter Nennbetrag oder als Poolfaktor 
nach Ermessen der ICSDs in das Register 
der ICSDs aufgenommen.]]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Make-Whole), the following 
applies: 
 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen 
(Make-Whole), ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(6)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Make-Whole). 
 
[(6)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin (Make-Whole). 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes at its option, at a 
redemption price equal to 100% of the 
principal amount of the Notes being 
redeemed plus accrued interest, if any, to the 
redemption date, plus the excess (if any) of: 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz 
(b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise nach ihrer Wahl zu einem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
von 
100 % 
des 
Nennbetrags, nebst etwaigen bis zum 
maßgeblichen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen, 
zuzüglich des Betrages (sofern sich ein 
solcher ergibt), um den 
(i) as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the sum of the present values of 
the remaining scheduled payments of 
principal and interest on the Notes 
being redeemed that would have been 
payable on any date during the period 
from (but excluding) the redemption 
date to (and including) [if the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Redemption 
Amount) and no other relevant date is 
specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the following applies: the first 
day of the Call Redemption Period 
following 
the 
redemption 
date 
(assuming for this purpose that the 
Notes would have been due for 
redemption on such date pursuant to 
§ 5[(5)])] [if the Notes are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Call Redemption Amount) and 
any other relevant date is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the 
following applies: [other relevant 
date] (assuming for this purpose that 
the Notes would have been due for 
redemption on such date pursuant to 
§ 5[(5)])] [if the Notes are not subject 
to Early Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer (Call Redemption Amount) 
the following applies: the Maturity 
Date], not including any portion of 
such payment of interest accrued on the 
date of redemption, each discounted at 
the Benchmark Yield plus [margin]% 
to the redemption date by applying the 
Day Count Fraction set out in § 3(4); 
over 
 
(i) die 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
ermittelte Summe der Barwerte der 
verbleibenden 
planmäßigen 
Kapitalrückzahlungen 
und 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
die 
zurück-
zuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(nicht 
eingerechnet 
der 
am 
Rückzahlungstag aufgelaufene Teil 
dieser Zinszahlungen), die an einem 
Tag zahlbar gewesen wären während 
eines Zeitraums vom Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) bis zum [falls die 
Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen 
(Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)) und in 
den 
betreffenden 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
kein 
anderer 
maßgeblicher Tag festgelegt ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: ersten Tag des 
auf den Rückzahlungstag folgenden 
Rückzahlungszeitraums 
(Call) 
(einschließlich) (wobei für diesen 
Zweck angenommen wird, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen an diesem Tag 
gemäß 
§ 5[(5)] 
fällig 
geworden 
wären)] [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen 
(Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)) und in 
den 
betreffenden 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
ein 
anderer 
maßgeblicher 
Tag 
festgelegt, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[anderer 
maßgeblicher Tag] (einschließlich)] 
[falls die Emittentin kein Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag (einschließlich)], jeweils 
abgezinst auf den Rückzahlungstag 
unter Anwendung des in 
§ 3(4)

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
bestimmten Zinstagequotienten und 
auf Basis der Benchmark-Rendite 
zuzüglich [Marge] %,  
(ii) the principal amount of the Notes being 
redeemed 
 
(ii) den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen übersteigt, 
(the Make-Whole Amount). 
 
(der Make-Whole Betrag) zurückzahlen. 
Benchmark Yield means (i) the yield based 
upon the [Bundesbank Reference Price 
(Bundesbank-Referenzpreis)] 
[other 
relevant reference price] for the Benchmark 
Security in respect of the Redemption 
Calculation Date as appearing on the 
Redemption Calculation Date on the Screen 
Page in respect of the Benchmark Security, 
or (ii) if the Benchmark Yield cannot be so 
determined, the yield based upon the mid-
market price for the Benchmark Security as 
appearing at [noon Frankfurt time] [other 
relevant 
time] 
on 
the 
Redemption 
Calculation Date on the Screen Page in 
respect of the Benchmark Security. 
 
Die Benchmark-Rendite ist (i) die auf dem 
[Bundesbank-Referenzpreis] 
[anderer 
maßgeblicher 
Referenzpreis] 
der 
Referenzanleihe für den Rückzahlungs-
Berechnungstag basierende Rendite, wie sie 
am Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag auf der 
Bildschirmseite für die Referenzanleihe 
erscheint, oder, (ii) sollte die Benchmark-
Rendite so nicht festgestellt werden können, 
die auf dem Mittelkurs der Referenzanleihe 
basierende 
Rendite, 
wie 
sie 
am 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag [um 12.00 
Uhr 
(Frankfurter 
Zeit)] 
[andere 
maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit] 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird. 
Screen Page means Bloomberg [QR (using 
the pricing source "FRNK")] [other relevant 
screen page] (or any successor page or 
successor pricing source) for the Benchmark 
Security, or, if such Bloomberg page or 
pricing source is not available, such other 
page (if any) from such other information 
provider displaying substantially similar 
data as may be considered to be appropriate 
by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Bildschirmseite ist Bloomberg [QR (unter 
Verwendung der Preisquelle "FRNK")] 
[andere 
maßgebliche 
Bildschirmseite] 
(oder jede Nachfolgeseite oder Nachfolge-
Preisquelle) für die Referenzanleihe, oder, 
falls diese Bloomberg-Seite oder Preisquelle 
nicht verfügbar ist, eine andere Seite (falls 
vorhanden) eines Informationsanbieters, die 
weitgehend ähnliche Daten anzeigt, wie von 
der Berechnungsstelle für angemessen 
erachtet. 
Benchmark Security means the [euro 
denominated benchmark debt security of 
the Federal Republic of Germany] [other 
relevant 
benchmark] 
due 
[maturity], 
carrying ISIN [ISIN of the reference bond 
used at pricing the Notes], or, if such 
security is no longer outstanding on the 
Redemption 
Calculation 
Date, 
such 
substitute benchmark security selected by 
the Calculation Agent, in each case as 
having a maturity comparable to the 
remaining term of the Note to [if the Notes 
are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Redemption 
Amount) and no other relevant date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
following applies: the first day of the Call 
Redemption 
Period 
following 
the 
redemption date] [if the Notes are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Call Redemption Amount) and any 
other relevant date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the following 
applies: [other relevant date]] [if the Notes 
are not subject to Early Redemption at the 
 
Referenzanleihe ist die [Euro-Referenz-
Anleihe der Bundesrepublik Deutschland] 
[andere 
Referenzanleihe] 
fällig 
[Fälligkeitstermin] mit ISIN [ISIN der 
Referenzanleihe, 
die 
bei 
der 
Preisbestimmung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen genannt wurde] 
oder, falls diese Anleihe am Rückzahlungs-
Berechnungstag nicht mehr aussteht, eine 
von der Berechnungsstelle ausgewählte 
ersetzende Referenzanleihe, jeweils mit 
einer Laufzeit, die mit der verbleibenden 
Restlaufzeit der Schuldverschreibung bis 
zum [falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen 
(Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)) und in den 
betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen 
kein anderer maßgeblicher Tag festgelegt 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: ersten Tag des 
auf 
den 
Rückzahlungstag 
folgenden 
Rückzahlungszeitraums (Call)] [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen 
(Wahl-

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Option of the Issuer (Call Redemption 
Amount) 
the 
following 
applies: 
the 
Maturity Date], that would be used at the 
time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to [if the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer (Call Redemption Amount) 
and no other relevant date is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the following 
applies: the first day of the Call Redemption 
Period following the redemption date] [if the 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer (Call Redemption 
Amount) and any other relevant date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
following applies: [other relevant date]] [if 
the Notes are not subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Call Redemption Amount) the following 
applies: the Maturity Date]. 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)) und in den 
betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen 
ein anderer maßgeblicher Tag festgelegt, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[anderer 
maßgeblicher Tag]] [falls die Emittentin 
kein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Fälligkeitstag] vergleichbar ist, und die im 
Zeitpunkt der Auswahlentscheidung und in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
der 
üblichen 
Finanzmarktpraxis zur Preisbestimmung bei 
Neuemissionen von Unternehmensanleihen 
mit einer bis zum [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen 
(Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)) und in den 
betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen 
kein anderer maßgeblicher Tag festgelegt 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: ersten Tag des 
auf 
den 
Rückzahlungstag 
folgenden 
Rückzahlungszeitraums (Call)] [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen 
(Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)) und in den 
betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen 
ein anderer maßgeblicher Tag festgelegt, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[anderer 
maßgeblicher Tag]] [falls die Emittentin 
kein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Fälligkeitstag] 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vergleichbaren Laufzeit verwendet würde. 
Redemption Calculation Date means the 
sixth Payment Business Day prior to the date 
on which the Notes are redeemed as a result 
of any event specified in this § 5[(6)]. 
 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag 
ist 
der 
sechste Zahltag vor dem Tag, an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund eines in 
diesem § 5[(6)] genannten Ereignisses 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 12. Such notice shall 
specify: 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie 
muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) whether such series is to be redeemed 
in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
and 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurück-
zuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
und 
(iii) the relevant redemption date, which 
shall be not less than 20 nor more than 
40 days after the date on which notice 
is given by the Issuer to the Holders. 
 
(iii) den maßgeblichen Rückzahlungstag, 
der nicht weniger als 20 und nicht mehr 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Kündigung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in 
NGN form, the following applies: For 
technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case 
of a partial redemption the outstanding 
redemption amount will be reflected in the 
records of the ICSDs as either a reduction in 
nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the 
discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
 
(c) Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen 
in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Für das technische Verfahren 
der ICSDs wird im Fall einer teilweisen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
entstehende 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
entweder 
als 
reduzierter Nennbetrag oder als Poolfaktor 
nach Ermessen der ICSDs in das Register 
der ICSDs aufgenommen.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
Transaction Trigger Event the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[(7)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a Transaction Trigger 
Event. 
 
[(7)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Transaktions-
Ereignisses. 
(a) Upon the occurrence of a Transaction 
Trigger Event, the Issuer may, upon notice 
given in accordance with clause (b), redeem 
all of the Notes on the Event Redemption 
Date at the Event Redemption Amount 
together with interest (if any) to the Event 
Redemption Date (excluding). 
 
(a) Die 
Emittentin 
kann, 
nachdem 
ein 
Transaktions-Ereignis aufgetreten ist und 
sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt an dem 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag zum Ereignis-
Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
wie 
nachfolgend 
angegeben, 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
The Issuer may waive its right to call the 
Notes for redemption based on a Transaction 
Trigger 
Event 
by 
giving 
notice 
in 
accordance with § 12. 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur 
vorzeitigen 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aufgrund 
eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses 
durch 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12 verzichten. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Holder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under § 5[(8)].] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5[(8)] 
verlangt hat.] 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 12. Such notice shall 
specify: 
(i) the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(ii) the Event Redemption Date, which 
shall be not less than 30 days nor more 
than 60 days after the date on which 
notice of the occurrence of the 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie 
muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) den 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag, 
der 
nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung 
des 
Eintritts 
eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses durch die

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Transaction Trigger Event is given by 
the Issuer to the Holders; and 
(iii) the Event Redemption Amount at 
which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern 
liegen darf; und 
(iii) den Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag, zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(c) Whereby: 
 
(c) Dabei gilt: 
Event Redemption Amount means [insert 
amount per Note]. 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag bezeichnet 
[Betrag 
pro 
Schuldverschreibung 
einfügen]. 
Event Redemption Date means the date 
fixed for redemption of the Notes pursuant 
to § 5 [(7)] (b). 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag bezeichnet den 
Tag, 
der 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 5 [(7)] (b) 
festgesetzt wurde. 
Transaction means [insert description of 
envisaged acquisition transaction for 
which the Notes are intended to be issued 
for refinancing purposes]. 
 
Transaktion bezeichnet [Beschreibung der 
geplanten 
Akquisitionstransaktion 
für 
deren 
Refinanzierung 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben werden]. 
Transaction Trigger Event means a notice 
given by the Issuer to the Holders [in the 
case of a Transaction Trigger Cut-off Date 
insert: on or prior to [Transaction Trigger 
Cut-off Date]] in accordance with § 12 that 
the Transaction has been terminated prior to 
completion and the Issuer has publicly stated 
that it no longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction.] 
 
Transaktions-Ereignis 
bezeichnet 
die 
Mitteilung der Emittentin [Im Fall eines 
Transaktions-Stichtages, einfügen: an oder 
vor dem [Transaktions-Stichtag]] an die 
Gläubiger gemäß § 12, dass die Transaktion 
vor ihrem Abschluss abgebrochen wurde 
und die Emittentin öffentlich erklärt hat, 
dass sie nicht länger beabsichtigt, die 
Transaktion zu verfolgen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder the following applies: 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[(8)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
 
[(8)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
des 
Gläubigers. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder 
of any Note, redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the Put Redemption Date. 
 
(a) Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu dem/den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Put), 
wie nachfolgend angegeben nebst etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
[Put Redemption 
Dates(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungsbetrag/ 
-beträge (Put) 
[Wahl- Rück-
zahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/-beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
The Holder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options 
to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt 
hat.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder 
must, not less than [Minimum Notice to 
Issuer] nor more than [Maximum Notice to 
Issuer] days before the Put Redemption 
Date on which such redemption is required 
to be made as specified in the Put 
Redemption Notice (as defined below), 
submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed early redemption notice (Put 
Redemption Notice) in the form available 
from the specified offices of the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agent. The Put 
Redemption Notice must specify (i) the 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised, and (ii) the 
securities identification number of such 
Notes, if any. No option so exercised may 
be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall 
only be required to redeem Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised against 
delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its 
order.] 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der 
Gläubiger 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] und nicht mehr 
als [Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage vor dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Rückzahlungs-
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) erfolgen soll, der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle während 
der 
normalen 
Geschäftszeiten 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte Mitteilung zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
(die 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklärung), wie 
sie bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen 
der Emissionsstelle und der Zahlstelle 
erhältlich 
ist, 
zu 
übermitteln. 
Die 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) 
den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für 
die 
das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird und (ii) die 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer dieser Schuld-
verschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Die 
Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur 
gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen 
an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
§ 6 
(THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE PAYING 
AGENT [AND THE CALCULATION AGENT]) 
 
§ 6 
(DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE[,] [UND] DIE 
ZAHLSTELLE [UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE]) 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. 
The initial fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent) and the 
initial paying agent (the Paying Agent) and its 
initial specified office shall be: 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle (die 
Emissionsstelle) und die anfänglich bestellte 
Zahlstelle (die Zahlstelle) und ihre bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lautet wie folgt: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Deutschland 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer (Make-Whole), the 
following shall apply: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurück-
zuzahlen 
(Make-Whole), 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
The initial calculation agent (the Calculation 
Agent) and its initial specified office shall be: 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Berechnungsstelle (die 
Berechnungsstelle) 
und 
ihre 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lautet wie folgt: 
[●]] 
 
[●]] 
The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and 
the Calculation Agent] reserve the right at any 
time to change their respective specified offices 
to some other specified office in the same 
country. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahlstelle [und 
die Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit ihre jeweiligen bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent 
or any Paying Agent [or the Calculation Agent] 
and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional 
or other Paying Agents [or another Calculation 
Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) 
a Fiscal Agent [in the case of Notes listed on a 
stock exchange the following applies: [,] [and] 
(ii) so long as the Notes are listed on the [name 
of Stock Exchange], a Paying Agent (which may 
be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in 
[location of Stock Exchange] and/or in such 
other place as may be required by the rules of 
such stock exchange] [,] [and] [(iii)] a Paying 
Agent in an EU Member State, if possible, that 
will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax in 
connection with any payment made in relation to 
the Notes unless the Paying Agent would be so 
obliged in each other EU Member State if it were 
located there, [if the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Make-
Whole), the following shall apply: [,][and] [(iv)] 
a Calculation Agent] [in the case of payments in 
United States dollar the following applies: and 
[(v)] if payments at or through the offices of all 
Paying Agents outside the United States (as 
defined in § 1(6)) become illegal or are 
effectively precluded because of the imposition 
of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the 
full payment or receipt of such amounts in United 
States dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in New York City]. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, 
when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less 
than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 12. 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder 
einer Zahlstelle [oder der Berechnungsstelle] zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere 
Emissionsstelle oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen [oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle] 
zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeit-
punkt (i) eine Emissionsstelle unterhalten [im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer 
Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:[,] 
[und] (ii) solange die Schuldverschreibungen an 
der [Name der Börse] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle 
(die die Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit be-
zeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz der Börse] 
und/oder an solchen anderen Orten unterhalten, 
die die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen] [,] [und] 
[(iii)] eine Zahlstelle in einem Mitgliedsstaat der 
Europäischen Union, sofern dies möglich ist, 
unterhalten, die nicht zum Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von Quellensteuern oder sonstigen Abzügen 
verpflichtet ist, es sei denn, dass eine solche 
Einbehalts- oder Abzugspflicht auch in allen 
anderen Mitgliedsstaaten der Europäischen 
Union bestünde [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen (Make-Whole), ist 
folgendes anwendbar: [,][und] [(iv)] eine 
Berechnungsstelle unterhalten] [im Fall von 
Zahlungen 
in 
US-Dollar 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: und [(v)] falls Zahlungen bei den 
oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1(6) 
definiert) 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich oder 
tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in 
New York City unterhalten]. Eine Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger 
Wechsel 
wird 
nur 
wirksam 
(außer 
im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung 
sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger 
hierüber gemäß § 12 vorab unter Einhaltung einer 
Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 
Tagen informiert wurden. 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. 
 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. 
The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and 
the Calculation Agent] act solely as the agents of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for any 
Holder. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahlstelle [und 
die Berechnungsstelle] handeln ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen 
ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
§ 7 
(TAXATION) 
 
§ 7 
(STEUERN) 
[In the case of Notes issued by Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA, the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
All payments of principal and interest made by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Holders 
shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by way of deduction or withholding by 
or on behalf of (1) the Federal Republic of 
Germany or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, (2) any jurisdiction from or 
through which payment on the Notes is made, or 
any political subdivision or governmental 
authority thereof or therein having the power to 
tax and/or (3) any other jurisdiction in which the 
payor is organized or otherwise considered to be 
resident or doing business for tax purposes, or 
any political subdivision or governmental 
authority thereof or therein having the power to 
tax (each a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction), unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. 
In that event the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts (the Additional Amounts) as shall result 
in receipt by the Holders of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no Additional Amounts shall be payable with 
respect to: 
 
Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen von 
der Emittentin an die Gläubiger zahlbaren 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge werden ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug an der Quelle für oder wegen 
gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger Steuern oder 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder 
im Namen (1) der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten 
Behörde, (2) einer Rechtsordnung, aus der bzw. 
über 
die 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen geleistet wird, oder einer 
dort 
zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde, und/oder (3) 
einer anderen Rechtsordnung, in der die zahlende 
Partei 
errichtet 
ist 
oder 
anderweitig 
als 
gebietsansässig gilt oder im steuerlichen Sinn 
geschäftlich tätig ist, oder einer dort zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde (jeweils eine 
Relevante Steuerjurisdiktion) im Wege des 
Abzugs oder Einbehalts auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In 
diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen 
zusätzlichen Beträge (Zusätzliche Beträge) 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den 
Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den 
Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die 
ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
den Gläubigern erhalten worden wären; jedoch 
sind solche Zusätzlichen Beträge nicht zu zahlen 
in Bezug auf: 
(a) taxes or duties which are payable by any 
Person acting as custodian bank or 
collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
 
(a) Steuern oder Abgaben, die von einer als 
Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter eines 
Gläubigers handelnden Person oder auf eine 
sonstige Weise zu entrichten sind, die 
keinen 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt 
von 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen durch 
die Emittentin darstellen; oder 
(b) payments that would not have been so 
imposed but for the existence of any present 
or former connection between such Holder 
(or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, 
member or shareholder of, or a person 
having a power over, such Holder) and any 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction including, 
without limitation, such Holder (or such 
fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, 
shareholder or person having such a power) 
being or having been a citizen or resident or 
treated as a resident of, being or having been 
engaged in a trade or business in, or having 
 
(b) Zahlungen, die nicht erhoben worden wären, 
wenn 
nicht 
eine 
gegenwärtige 
oder 
ehemalige 
Beziehung 
zwischen 
dem 
betreffenden 
Gläubiger 
(oder 
einem 
Treuhänder, 
Treugeber, 
Begünstigten, 
Mitglied 
oder 
Gesellschafter 
dieses 
Gläubigers 
oder 
einer 
Person, 
die 
beherrschenden 
Einfluss 
auf 
diesen 
Gläubiger hat) und einer Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion bestehen würde, unter 
anderem in der Form, dass der betreffende 
Gläubiger (bzw. Treuhänder, Treugeber, 
Begünstigte, Mitglied, Gesellschafter oder

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
or having had a permanent establishment in, 
a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than 
any connections arising solely from a Holder 
acquiring, holding or disposing of, receiving 
any payment under or with respect to or 
enforcing a Note; or 
die Person, die solchen Einfluss hat) 
Staatsbürger 
einer 
Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion ist oder war oder dort 
ansässig ist oder war oder als dort ansässig 
gilt oder galt oder dort ein Gewerbe oder 
eine 
Geschäftstätigkeit 
betreibt 
oder 
betrieben hat oder dort eine Betriebsstätte 
unterhält 
oder 
unterhalten 
hat, 
mit 
Ausnahme von Beziehungen, die allein 
dadurch entstehen, dass ein Gläubiger eine 
Schuldverschreibung erwirbt, hält oder 
veräußert bzw. eine Zahlung darunter oder 
in Bezug auf diese erhält oder Ansprüche 
darauf geltend macht; oder 
(c) payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, 
a Holder where no such withholding or 
deduction would have been required to be 
made if the Notes were credited at the time 
of payment to a securities deposit account 
with a bank, financial services institution, 
securities trading business or securities 
trading bank, in each case outside the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
 
(c) Zahlungen an den Gläubiger oder an einen 
Dritten für den Gläubiger, falls kein 
Einbehalt oder Abzug hätte erfolgen 
müssen, wenn die Schuldverschreibung zum 
Zeitpunkt der fraglichen Zahlung einem 
Depotkonto bei einer bzw. einem nicht in 
der 
Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion 
ansässigen 
Bank, 
Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut, 
Wert-
papierhandelsunternehmen oder Wertpa-
pierhandelsbank gutgeschrieben gewesen 
wäre; oder 
(d) payments where such withholding or 
deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of savings, or (ii) 
any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the 
Relevant 
Taxing 
Jurisdiction 
or 
the 
European Union is a party/are parties, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform 
with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or 
understanding, or (iv) the Luxembourg law 
of December 23, 2005; or 
 
(d) falls der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß (i) 
einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der 
Europäischen Union zur Zinsbesteuerung 
oder (ii) einem internationalen Abkommen 
oder Übereinkommen zu einer solchen 
Besteuerung, 
bei dem 
die 
Relevante 
Steuerjurisdiktion oder die Europäische 
Union Parteien sind, oder (iii) einem diese 
Richtlinie oder Verordnung oder dieses 
Abkommen oder Übereinkommen um-
setzenden oder sie befolgenden oder zu ihrer 
Befolgung erlassenen Gesetz, oder (iv) dem 
Luxemburger Gesetz vom 23. Dezember 
2005 erhoben wird; oder  
(e) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who could lawfully mitigate (but has 
not so mitigated) such withholding or 
deduction by complying or procuring that 
any third party complies with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that 
a third party makes a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to any tax authority in the place 
where the payment is effected; or  
 
(e) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem 
Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den 
Gläubiger zahlbar ist, der einen solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
dadurch 
rechtmäßigerweise hätte vermindern können 
(aber nicht vermindert hat), dass er 
gesetzliche Vorschriften beachtet, oder 
dafür sorgt, dass Dritte dieses tun, oder 
dadurch 
dass 
er 
eine 
Nicht-
ansässigkeitserklärung oder einen ähnlichen 
Antrag 
auf 
Quellensteuerbefreiung 
gegenüber der am Zahlungsort zuständigen 
Steuerbehörde; abgibt oder dafür sorgt, dass 
dies durch einen Dritten erfolgt, oder 
(f) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who would have been able to 
 
(f) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem 
Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den 
Gläubiger vorzunehmen ist, der einen

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
mitigate such withholding or deduction by 
effecting a payment via another paying 
agent in a Member State of the European 
Union, not obliged to withhold or deduct 
tax; or 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug durch die 
Bewirkung einer Zahlung über eine andere 
Zahlstelle in einem Mitgliedsstaat der 
Europäischen Union, welche nicht zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet 
ist, hätte vermindern können; oder 
(g) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is for or on account of the 
presentation by the Holder of any Note for 
payment on a date more than 30 days after 
the date on which such payment became due 
and payable or the date on which payment 
thereof is duly provided for, whichever 
occurs later; or  
 
(g) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug für einen 
Gläubiger 
oder 
dessen 
Rechnung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
der 
Schuld-
verschreibungen mehr als 30 Tage nach dem 
Tag, an dem eine Zahlung unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
wurde bzw., soweit dies später eintritt, nach 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Zahlung 
ordnungsgemäß 
vorgenommen 
wurde, 
vorgelegt hat; oder  
(h) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is required pursuant to sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Internal Revenue Code), any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations 
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant 
to section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue 
Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such 
sections of the Internal Revenue Code; or 
 
(h) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß §§ 
1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 in seiner jeweils gültigen 
Fassung (der Internal Revenue Code), jeder 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Verordnung oder offiziellen Auslegung 
davon, jeder Vereinbarung, die gemäß 
§ 1471(b) des Internal Revenue Codes 
eingegangen wurde oder jeder steuerlichen 
oder regulatorischen Gesetzgebung, sowie 
steuerlichen und regulatorischen Gesetzen 
oder Vorgehensweisen, die nach einem 
völkerrechtlichen 
Vertrag, 
der 
zur 
Umsetzung der Bestimmungen des Internal 
Revenue 
Codes 
geschlossen 
wurde, 
vorzunehmen ist; oder 
(i) payments which are payable by reason of the 
Holder (or beneficiary or other recipient of a 
payment under the Notes) being resident in 
a 
non-cooperative 
territory 
(nicht 
kooperatives Steuerhoheitsgebiet) in the 
meaning of the German Law to prevent Tax 
Avoidance and Unfair Tax Competition 
(Gesetz zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb), 
as 
amended or replaced from time to time 
(including any ordinance (Verordnung) 
enacted based on this law); or 
 
(i) Zahlungen, die aufgrund der Ansässigkeit 
des Gläubigers (oder Begünstigten oder 
sonstigem Empfänger von Zahlungen unter 
den Schuldverschreibungen) in einem nicht 
kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet im Sinne 
des 
Gesetzes 
zur 
Abwehr 
von 
Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb in der Fassung wie 
jeweils geändert oder ersetzt (einschließlich 
der aufgrund von diesem Gesetz ergangenen 
Verordnungen) zu zahlen sind; oder 
(j) any combination of items (a)-(i); 
 
(j) jegliche Kombination der Absätze (a)-(i). 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with 
respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who 
is a fiduciary or partnership or who is otherwise 
not the sole beneficial owner of such payment, to 
the extent such payment would be required by the 
laws of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction(s) to be 
included in the income, for tax purposes, of a 
beneficiary or settlor with respect to such 
fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a 
beneficial owner who would not have been 
entitled to such Additional Amounts had such 
 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im 
Hinblick 
auf 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an einen Gläubiger 
gezahlt, welcher die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder 
Personengesellschaft oder als sonstiger nicht 
alleiniger wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer erhält, 
soweit nach den Gesetzen der Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion(en) eine solche Zahlung für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Begünstigten 
bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermögens oder 
dem Gesellschafter der Personengesellschaft 
zugerechnet würde, der jeweils selbst nicht zum

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner 
been the Holder of the Note.] 
Erhalt von Zusätzlichen Beträgen berechtigt 
gewesen wäre, wenn der Begünstigte, Gründer 
eines Treuhandvermögens, Gesellschafter oder 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
unmittelbarer 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen wäre.] 
[In the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the following 
applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
All payments of principal and interest made by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Holders 
shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by way of deduction or withholding by 
or on behalf of (1) Ireland or the Federal Republic 
of Germany or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax (2) any jurisdiction from or 
through which payment on the Notes or the 
Guarantee is made, or any political subdivision or 
governmental authority thereof or therein having 
the power to tax and/or (3) any other jurisdiction 
in which the payor is organized or otherwise 
considered to be resident or doing business for tax 
purposes, or any political subdivision or 
governmental authority thereof or therein having 
the power to tax (each a Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction), 
unless 
such 
deduction 
or 
withholding is required by law. In that event the 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (the 
Additional Amounts) as shall result in receipt by 
the Holders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no 
Additional Amounts shall be payable with 
respect to 
 
Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen von 
der Emittentin an die Gläubiger zahlbaren 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge werden ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug an der Quelle für oder wegen 
gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger Steuern oder 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder 
im Namen (1) Irlands oder der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder einer dort zur Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Behörde, 
oder 
(2) 
einer 
Rechtsordnung, aus der bzw. über die eine 
Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen oder die 
Garantie geleistet wird, oder einer dort zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde, und/oder (3) 
einer anderen Rechtsordnung, in der die zahlende 
Partei 
errichtet 
ist 
oder 
anderweitig 
als 
gebietsansässig gilt oder im steuerlichen Sinn 
geschäftlich tätig ist, oder einer dort zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde (jeweils eine 
Relevante Steuerjurisdiktion) im Wege des 
Abzugs oder Einbehalts auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In 
diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen 
zusätzlichen Beträge (Zusätzliche Beträge) 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den 
Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den 
Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die 
ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
den Gläubigern erhalten worden wären; jedoch 
sind solche Zusätzlichen Beträge nicht zu zahlen 
in Bezug auf: 
(a) taxes or duties which are payable by any 
Person acting as custodian bank or 
collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, from 
payments of principal or interest made by it; 
or 
 
(a) Steuern oder Abgaben, die von einer als 
Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter eines 
Gläubigers handelnden Person oder auf eine 
sonstige Weise zu entrichten sind, die 
keinen 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt 
von 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen durch 
die Emittentin bzw. die Garantin darstellen; 
oder 
(b) payments that would not have been so 
imposed but for the existence of any present 
or former connection between such Holder 
(or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, 
member or shareholder of, or a person 
having a power over, such Holder) and any 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction including, 
without limitation, such Holder (or such 
 
(b) Zahlungen, die nicht erhoben worden wären, 
wenn 
nicht 
eine 
gegenwärtige 
oder 
ehemalige 
Beziehung 
zwischen 
dem 
betreffenden 
Gläubiger 
(oder 
einem 
Treuhänder, 
Treugeber, 
Begünstigten, 
Mitglied 
oder 
Gesellschafter 
dieses 
Gläubigers 
oder 
einer 
Person, 
die 
beherrschenden 
Einfluss 
auf 
diesen

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, 
shareholder or person having such a power) 
being or having been a citizen or resident or 
treated as a resident of, being or having been 
engaged in a trade or business in, or having 
or having had a permanent establishment in, 
a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than 
any connections arising solely from a Holder 
acquiring, holding or disposing of, receiving 
any payment under or with respect to or 
enforcing a Note or the Guarantee; or 
Gläubiger hat) und einer Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion bestehen würde, unter 
anderem in der Form, dass der betreffende 
Gläubiger (bzw. Treuhänder, Treugeber, 
Begünstigte, Mitglied, Gesellschafter oder 
die Person, die solchen Einfluss hat) 
Staatsbürger 
einer 
Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion ist oder war oder dort 
ansässig ist oder war oder als dort ansässig 
gilt oder galt oder dort ein Gewerbe oder 
eine 
Geschäftstätigkeit 
betreibt 
oder 
betrieben hat oder dort eine Betriebsstätte 
unterhält 
oder 
unterhalten 
hat, 
mit 
Ausnahme von Beziehungen, die allein 
dadurch entstehen, dass ein Gläubiger eine 
Schuldverschreibung oder Ansprüche aus 
der Garantie erwirbt, hält oder veräußert 
bzw. eine Zahlung darunter oder in Bezug 
auf diese erhält oder Ansprüche darauf 
geltend macht; oder 
(c) payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, 
a Holder where no such withholding or 
deduction would have been required to be 
made if the Notes were credited at the time 
of payment to a securities deposit account 
with a bank, financial services institution, 
securities trading business or securities 
trading bank, in each case outside the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
 
(c) Zahlungen an den Gläubiger oder an einen 
Dritten für den Gläubiger, falls kein 
Einbehalt oder Abzug hätte erfolgen 
müssen, wenn die Schuldverschreibung zum 
Zeitpunkt der fraglichen Zahlung einem 
Depotkonto bei einer bzw. einem nicht in 
der 
Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion 
ansässigen Bank, Finanzdienstleistungs-
institut, 
Wertpapierhandelsunternehmen 
oder 
Wertpapierhandelsbank 
gutgeschrieben gewesen wäre; oder 
(d) payments where such withholding or 
deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of savings, or (ii) 
any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the 
Relevant 
Taxing 
Jurisdiction 
or 
the 
European Union is a party/are parties, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform 
with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or 
understanding, or (iv) the Luxembourg law 
of December 23, 2005; or 
 
(d) falls der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß (i) 
einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der 
Europäischen Union zur Zinsbesteuerung 
oder (ii) einem internationalen Abkommen 
oder Übereinkommen zu einer solchen 
Besteuerung, 
bei dem 
die 
Relevante 
Steuerjurisdiktion oder die Europäische 
Union Parteien sind, oder (iii) einem diese 
Richtlinie oder Verordnung oder dieses 
Abkommen oder Übereinkommen um-
setzenden oder sie befolgenden oder zu ihrer 
Befolgung erlassenen Gesetz, oder (iv) dem 
Luxemburger Gesetz vom 23. Dezember 
2005 erhoben wird; oder  
(e) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who could lawfully mitigate (but has 
not so mitigated) such withholding or 
deduction by complying or procuring that 
any third party complies with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that 
a third party makes a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to any tax authority in the place 
where the payment is effected; or  
 
(e) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem 
Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den 
Gläubiger zahlbar ist, der einen solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
dadurch 
rechtmäßigerweise hätte vermindern können 
(aber nicht vermindert hat), dass er 
gesetzliche Vorschriften beachtet, oder 
dafür sorgt, dass Dritte dieses tun, oder 
dadurch 
dass 
er 
eine 
Nicht-
ansässigkeitserklärung oder einen ähnlichen 
Antrag 
auf 
Quellensteuerbefreiung 
gegenüber der am Zahlungsort zuständigen

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Steuerbehörde; abgibt oder dafür sorgt, dass 
dies durch einen Dritten erfolgt, oder 
(f) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who would have been able to 
mitigate such withholding or deduction by 
effecting a payment via another paying 
agent in a Member State of the European 
Union, not obliged to withhold or deduct 
tax; or 
 
(f) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem 
Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den 
Gläubiger vorzunehmen ist, der einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug durch die 
Bewirkung einer Zahlung über eine andere 
Zahlstelle in einem Mitgliedsstaat der 
Europäischen Union, welche nicht zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet 
ist, hätte vermindern können; oder 
(g) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is for or on account of the 
presentation by the Holder of any Note for 
payment on a date more than 30 days after 
the date on which such payment became due 
and payable or the date on which payment 
thereof is duly provided for, whichever 
occurs later; or  
 
(g) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug für einen 
Gläubiger 
oder 
dessen 
Rechnung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
der 
Schuld-
verschreibungen mehr als 30 Tage nach dem 
Tag, an dem eine Zahlung unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
wurde bzw., soweit dies später eintritt, nach 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Zahlung 
ordnungsgemäß 
vorgenommen 
wurde, 
vorgelegt hat; oder  
(h) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is required pursuant to sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Internal Revenue Code), any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations 
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant 
to section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue 
Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such 
sections of the Internal Revenue Code; or 
 
(h) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß 
§§ 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 in seiner jeweils gültigen 
Fassung (der Internal Revenue Code), jeder 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Verordnung oder offiziellen Auslegung 
davon, jeder Vereinbarung, die gemäß 
§ 1471(b) des Internal Revenue Codes 
eingegangen wurde oder jeder steuerlichen 
oder regulatorischen Gesetzgebung, sowie 
steuerlichen und regulatorischen Gesetzen 
oder Vorgehensweisen, die nach einem 
völkerrechtlichen 
Vertrag, 
der 
zur 
Umsetzung der Bestimmungen des Internal 
Revenue 
Codes 
geschlossen 
wurde, 
vorzunehmen ist; oder 
(i) payments which are payable by reason of the 
Holder (or beneficiary or other recipient of a 
payment under the Notes) being resident in 
a 
non-cooperative 
territory 
(nicht 
kooperatives Steuerhoheitsgebiet) in the 
meaning of the German Law to prevent Tax 
Avoidance and Unfair Tax Competition 
(Gesetz zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb), 
as 
amended or replaced from time to time 
(including any ordinance (Verordnung) 
enacted based on this law); or 
 
(i) Zahlungen, die aufgrund der Ansässigkeit 
des Gläubigers (oder Begünstigten oder 
sonstigem Empfänger von Zahlungen unter 
den Schuldverschreibungen) in einem nicht 
kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet im Sinne 
des 
Gesetzes 
zur 
Abwehr 
von 
Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb in der Fassung wie 
jeweils geändert oder ersetzt (einschließlich 
der aufgrund von diesem Gesetz ergangenen 
Verordnungen) zu zahlen sind; oder 
(j) any combination of items (a)-(i); 
 
(j) jegliche Kombination der Absätze (a)-(i). 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with 
respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who 
is a fiduciary or partnership or who is otherwise 
not the sole beneficial owner of such payment to 
the extent such payment would be required by the 
laws of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction(s) to be 
 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im 
Hinblick 
auf 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an einen Gläubiger 
gezahlt, welcher die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder 
Personengesellschaft oder als sonstiger nicht 
alleiniger wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer erhält,

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
included in the income, for tax purposes, of a 
beneficiary or settlor with respect to such 
fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a 
beneficial owner who would not have been 
entitled to such Additional Amounts had such 
beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner 
been the Holder of the Note.] 
soweit nach den Gesetzen der Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion(en) eine solche Zahlung für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Begünstigten 
bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermögens oder 
dem Gesellschafter der Personengesellschaft 
zugerechnet würde, der jeweils selbst nicht zum 
Erhalt von Zusätzlichen Beträgen berechtigt 
gewesen wäre, wenn der Begünstigte, Gründer 
eines Treuhandvermögens, Gesellschafter oder 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
unmittelbarer 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen wäre.] 
For the avoidance of doubt: No Additional 
Amounts will be paid with respect to German 
Kapitalertragsteuer (including Abgeltungsteuer) 
to be deducted or withheld pursuant to the 
German Income Tax Act, even if the deduction or 
withholding has to be made by the Issuer or its 
representative, and the German Solidarity 
Surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) or any other tax 
which 
may 
substitute 
the 
German 
Kapitalertragsteuer or Solidaritätszuschlag, as 
the case may be. 
 
Zur Klarstellung: Keine Zusätzlichen Beträge 
werden gezahlt in Bezug auf die deutsche 
Kapitalertragsteuer 
(inklusive 
der 
sog. 
Abgeltungsteuer), die nach dem deutschen 
Einkommensteuergesetz 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten wird, auch wenn der Abzug oder 
Einbehalt durch die Emittentin oder ihren 
Vertreter vorzunehmen ist, und den deutschen 
Solidaritätszuschlag oder jede andere Steuer, 
welche die deutsche Kapitalertragsteuer bzw. den 
Solidaritätszuschlag ersetzen sollte. 
§ 8 
(PRESENTATION PERIOD) 
 
§ 8 
(VORLEGUNGSFRIST) 
The 
presentation 
period 
provided 
in 
§ 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) is 
reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist 
wird 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
(EVENTS OF DEFAULT) 
 
§ 9 
(KÜNDIGUNG) 
(1) Events of default. 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. 
Each Holder shall be entitled to declare due and 
payable by notice to the Fiscal Agent its entire 
claims arising from the Notes and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the principal 
amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to 
(but excluding) the date of repayment, in the 
event that: 
 
Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine sämtlichen 
Forderungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
durch Kündigung gegenüber der Emissionsstelle 
fällig 
zu 
stellen 
und 
die 
unverzügliche 
Rückzahlung 
zum 
Nennbetrag, 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger bis zum Tag der Rückzahlung 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zu 
verlangen, falls: 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest 
due under the Notes [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland II, the following applies: or the 
Guarantor fails to pay amounts payable 
under the Guarantee, in each case] within 30 
days from the relevant due date, or 
 
(a) die 
Emittentin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen Kapital oder Zinsen 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius 
Ireland II begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: oder die Garantin auf die 
Garantie zahlbare Beträge jeweils] nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails to duly perform any other 
material obligation arising from the Notes 
[in the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the 
following applies: or the Guarantor fails to 
perform any other material obligation 
arising from the Guarantee] and such failure 
continues unremedied for more than 60 days 
after the Fiscal Agent has received a request 
 
(b) die 
Emittentin 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen wesentlichen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt [im Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland 
II 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: oder die Garantin die Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
anderen 
wesentlichen

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
thereof in the manner set forth in § 9(3) from 
a Holder to perform such obligation; or 
Verpflichtung aus der Garantie unterlässt] 
und die Unterlassung jeweils länger als 60 
Tage 
fortdauert, 
nachdem 
die 
Emissionsstelle eine Aufforderung in der in 
§ 9(3) vorgesehenen Art und Weise von dem 
Gläubiger erhalten hat, die Verpflichtung zu 
erfüllen; oder 
(c) any Capital Market Indebtedness of the 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary [in the 
case of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland 
or Fresenius Ireland II, the following 
applies: 
or 
the 
Guarantor] 
becomes 
prematurely repayable as a result of a default 
in respect of the terms thereof, or the Issuer 
or any Material Subsidiary [in the case of 
Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: 
or the Guarantor] fails to fulfill any payment 
obligation in excess of EUR 75,000,000 or 
the equivalent thereof under any Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness 
or 
under 
any 
guarantees or suretyships given for any 
Capital Market Indebtedness of others 
within 30 days from its due date or, in the 
case of such guarantee or suretyship, within 
30 days of such guarantee or suretyship 
being invoked, unless the Issuer or the 
relevant Material Subsidiary [in the case of 
Notes 
issued 
by 
Fresenius 
Ireland 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: 
or the Guarantor] contests in good faith that 
such payment obligation exists or is due or 
that such guarantee or suretyship has been 
validly invoked or if a security granted 
therefor is enforced on behalf of or by the 
creditor(s) entitled thereto; or  
 
(c) eine 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaft 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder der 
Garantin] vorzeitig zahlbar wird aufgrund 
einer Pflichtverletzung aus dem dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
zugrunde 
liegenden Vertrag oder die Emittentin oder 
eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft [im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland 
II 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: oder die Garantin] eine 
Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im 
Gegenwert von mehr als EUR 75.000.000 
aus 
einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder 
Garantie, 
die 
für 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
Dritter 
gegeben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 
Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Fall 
einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie erfüllt, es sei denn, die 
Emittentin 
oder 
die 
betreffende 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft [im Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland 
II 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: oder die Garantin] bestreitet in 
gutem 
Glauben, 
dass 
diese 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig 
ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft oder Garantie 
berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, 
oder 
falls 
eine 
für 
solche 
Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für 
die oder von den daraus berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen 
wird; oder 
(d) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary [in the 
case of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland 
or Fresenius Ireland II, the following 
applies: or the Guarantor] announces its 
inability to meet its financial obligations or 
ceases its payments generally; or  
 
(d) die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die 
Garantin] gibt ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt oder stellt ihre Zahlungen ein; oder  
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Fall 
von

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland 
II, 
the 
following 
applies: 
(including, but not limited to, proceedings 
for the appointment of a liquidator or 
examiner to the Issuer) or the Guarantor] 
and such proceedings are instituted and have 
not been discharged or stayed within 90 
days, or the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland II, the following applies: or the 
Guarantor] applies for or institutes such 
proceedings; or  
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(einschließlich 
eines 
Verfahrens 
zur 
Bestellung 
eines 
Insolvenzverwalters 
(liquidator) oder eines Examiners in Bezug 
auf die Emittentin) oder die Garantin] 
eröffnet, 
und 
ein 
solches 
Verfahren 
eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb von 90 Tagen 
aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden ist, oder 
die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die 
Garantin] die Eröffnung eines solchen 
Verfahrens beantragt oder einleitet; oder 
(f) the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, 
the following applies: or the Guarantor] 
enters into liquidation unless this is done in 
connection with a merger or other form of 
combination with another company and 
such company assumes all obligations 
contracted by the Issuer in connection with 
the Notes [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, 
the following applies: or the Guarantor in 
connection with the Guarantee][.] [; or]  
 
(f) die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die 
Garantin] in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, 
dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form 
des Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen 
Gesellschaft und die andere oder neue 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die 
Garantin im Zusammenhang mit der 
Garantie] eingegangen ist[.] [; oder] 
(g) [in the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the 
following applies: the Guarantee shall cease 
to be in full force and effect in accordance 
with its terms for any reason except pursuant 
to these Terms and Conditions or the 
satisfaction in full of all the obligations 
thereunder or shall be declared invalid or 
unenforceable other than as contemplated by 
its terms, or the Guarantor shall repudiate, 
deny or disaffirm any of its obligations 
thereunder or under the Terms and 
Conditions.] 
 
(g) [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius 
Ireland II begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die Garantie aus irgendeinem 
Grund nicht mehr gemäß ihren Bedingungen 
uneingeschränkt wirksam ist, es sei denn, 
dies 
beruht 
auf 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
oder 
der 
vollständigen 
Erfüllung 
aller 
diesbezüglichen Verpflichtungen, oder aus 
anderen Gründen als in ihren Bedingungen 
festgelegt 
für 
unwirksam 
oder 
undurchsetzbar erklärt wird, oder die 
Garantin eine ihrer Verpflichtungen aus der 
Garantie 
oder 
aus 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
zurückweist, 
leugnet oder ablehnt.] 
Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA which: 
 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
bezeichnet 
eine Tochtergesellschaft von Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA: 
(a) has unconsolidated EBITDA representing 
5% or more of the EBITDA of Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA and its subsidiaries on a 
 
(a) deren unkonsolidiertes EBITDA 5 % oder 
mehr des EBITDA der Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA und ihrer Tochtergesellschaften auf

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
consolidated basis [As long as Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and its 
subsidiaries are fully consolidated in the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the following 
applies: (provided that for these purposes 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
and its subsidiaries are regarded as 
subsidiaries of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA)]; 
or 
einer konsolidierten Basis darstellt [Solange 
die Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA und ihre Tochtergesellschaften im 
Wege der Vollkonsolidierung in den 
Konzernabschluss der Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA einbezogen sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: (wobei für diese Zwecke die 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
und 
ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften 
als 
Tochtergesellschaften der Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA gelten)], oder 
(b) has unconsolidated gross assets representing 
5% or more of the gross assets of Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA and its subsidiaries on a 
consolidated basis [As long as Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and its 
subsidiaries are fully consolidated in the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the following 
applies: (provided that for these purposes 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
and its subsidiaries are regarded as 
subsidiaries of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA)], 
 
(b) deren unkonsolidiertes Bruttovermögen 5 % 
oder 
mehr 
des 
Bruttovermögens 
der 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA und ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
auf 
einer 
konsolidierten Basis darstellt [Solange die 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
und ihre Tochtergesellschaften im Wege 
der 
Vollkonsolidierung 
in 
den 
Konzernabschluss der Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA einbezogen sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: (wobei für diese Zwecke die 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
und 
ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften 
als 
Tochtergesellschaften der Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA gelten)], 
in each case as determined by reference to the 
latest audited annual financial statements 
prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
 
in allen Fällen bestimmt nach dem letzten 
geprüften 
Jahresabschluss, 
die 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit IFRS erstellt wurden. 
EBITDA 
means 
operating 
income 
plus 
depreciation and amortization and is derived 
from the operating income determined in 
accordance with IFRS. 
 
EBITDA entspricht dem Operativen Ergebnis 
zuzüglich Abschreibungen und wird von dem 
nach IFRS ermittelten Operativen Ergebnis 
abgeleitet. 
(2) No Termination. 
 
(2) Keine Kündigung. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if 
the situation giving rise to it has been cured 
before the right is exercised. No event or 
circumstance other than an event specified in 
§ 9(1) shall entitle Holders to declare their Notes 
due and payable prior to their stated maturity save 
as expressly provided for in these Terms and 
Conditions and subject to applicable mandatory 
law. 
 
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt 
wurde. 
Vorbehaltlich 
anwendbaren 
zwingenden 
Rechts 
berechtigen 
andere 
Ereignisse oder Umstände als die in § 9(1) 
genannten den Gläubiger nicht dazu, seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig zu stellen, es sei denn, dies ist 
ausdrücklich in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
bestimmt. 
(3) Notice. 
 
(3) Kündigungserklärung. 
Any default notice in accordance with § 9(1) 
shall be made at least in text form (section 126b 
of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent together with evidence by means of a 
certificate of the Holder's Custodian (as defined 
in § [13][14](4)) that such Holder, at the time of 
such notice, is a holder of the relevant Notes. 
 
Eine Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 9(1) hat in 
der Weise zu erfolgen, dass der Gläubiger bei der 
angegebenen Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
eine entsprechende Erklärung zumindest in 
Textform (§ 126b Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) 
übergibt und dabei durch eine Bescheinigung 
seiner 
Depotbank 
(wie 
in 
§ [13][14](4) 
definiert) nachweist, dass er die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Erklärung hält.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
(4) Quorum. 
 
(4) Quorum. 
In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(b) 
and/or (c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, 
unless at the time such notice is received any of 
the events specified in subparagraph (1)(a) and 
(d) through (f) entitling Holders to declare their 
Notes due has occurred, become effective only 
when the Fiscal Agent has received such default 
notices from the Holders representing at least 
25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
then outstanding. 
 
In den Fällen gemäß Absatz (1)(b) und/oder (c) 
wird eine Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in Absatz (1)(a) 
und (d) bis (f) bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, 
erst 
wirksam, 
wenn 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von 
Gläubigern im Nennbetrag von mindestens 25 % 
des Gesamtnennbetrages der zu diesem Zeit-
punkt 
noch 
insgesamt 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
§ 10 
(SUBSTITUTION) 
 
§ 10 
(ERSETZUNG) 
(1) Substitution. 
 
(1) Ersetzung 
The Issuer (reference to which shall always 
include any previous Substitute Debtor (as 
defined below)) may, at any time, if no payment 
of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is 
in default, without the consent of the Holders, 
substitute for the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland II, the following applies: Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA or] any Affiliate (as defined below) of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA as the principal debtor 
in respect of all obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes (any such company, 
the Substitute Debtor), provided that: 
 
Die Emittentin (wobei eine Bezugnahme auf die 
Emittentin 
auch 
alle 
früheren 
Nachfolgeschuldner (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
umfasst) ist jederzeit berechtigt, wenn kein 
Zahlungsverzug hinsichtlich Kapital oder Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt, ohne 
weitere Zustimmung der Gläubiger [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA oder] ein mit der Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA verbundenes Unternehmen (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) an ihrer Stelle als 
Hauptschuldnerin (ein solches Unternehmen ist 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin) 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(a) the 
Substitute 
Debtor 
assumes 
all 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes and is in a position to fulfill all 
payment obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes in the Specified 
Currency without, subject to lit. (e) below, 
the necessity of any taxes or duties levied by 
the country or jurisdiction in which the 
Substitute Debtor is domiciled (other than 
taxes which would also be levied in the 
absence of such substitution) to be withheld 
or deducted at source and to transfer all 
amounts which are required therefore to the 
Paying Agent without any restrictions, and 
that in particular all necessary authorizations 
to this effect by any competent authority 
have been obtained, and, to the extent 
service of process must be effected to the 
Substitute Debtor outside of Germany, a 
service of process agent in Germany is 
appointed; 
 
(a) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldver-
schreibungen rechtswirksam übernimmt und 
sie 
sämtliche 
sich 
aus 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ergebenden 
Zahlungsver-
pflichtungen in der Festgelegten Währung 
ohne die Notwendigkeit (vorbehaltlich 
Buchstabe (e)) einer Einbehaltung an der 
Quelle oder des Abzugs irgendwelcher 
Steuern oder Abgaben in dem Land oder 
Hoheitsgebiet, in dem die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin ihren Sitz hat (mit Ausnahme 
von Steuern, die auch angefallen wären, 
wäre die Ersetzung nicht erfolgt), erfüllen 
sowie die hierzu erforderlichen Beträge 
ohne Beschränkungen an die Zahlstelle 
transferieren kann und sie insbesondere jede 
hierfür 
notwendige 
Genehmigung 
der 
Behörden ihres Landes erhalten hat, und, 
sofern eine Zustellung an die Nach-
folgeschuldnerin 
außerhalb 
von 
Deutschland 
erfolgen 
müsste, 
ein

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigter in Deutschland 
bestellt wird; 
(b) [In the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA, the following applies: the 
Issuer] [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, 
the following applies: the Guarantor if it is 
not itself the Substitute Debtor] irrevocably 
and unconditionally guarantees in favor of 
each Holder the payment of all sums payable 
by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the 
Notes on terms equivalent to the terms of the 
[in the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA, the following applies: 
form of the guarantee in respect of the notes 
to be issued by an Issuer other than 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA under the Debt 
Issuance Program] [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland II, the following applies: the 
Guarantee] (the Substitution Guarantee); 
 
(b) [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Emittentin] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Garantin, 
falls 
sie 
nicht 
selbst 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist,] unwiderruflich 
und unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern 
die Zahlung aller von der Nachfolge-
schuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge 
zu 
Bedingungen 
garantiert, 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die von Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die den Bedingungen der 
Garantie 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
einer 
anderen Emittentin als Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA unter dem Debt Issuance Program 
begeben 
werden,] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: die den 
Bedingungen der Garantie,] entsprechen 
(die Ersetzungsgarantie); und 
(c) the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer have 
obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such 
substitution and for the giving by [in the 
case of Notes issued by Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA, the following applies: the Issuer] [in 
the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the 
following applies: the Guarantor if it is not 
itself the Substitute Debtor] of the 
Substitution Guarantee in respect of the 
obligations of the Substitute Debtor, that the 
Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and 
consents for the performance by the 
Substitute Debtor of its obligations under the 
Notes, and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect and that 
the obligations assumed by the Substitute 
Debtor and the Substitution Guarantee given 
by [in the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA, the following applies: the 
Issuer] [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, 
the following applies: the Guarantor if it is 
not itself the Substitute Debtor] are each 
valid and binding in accordance with their 
respective terms and enforceable by each 
Holder;  
 
(c) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
und 
die 
Emittentin alle für die Ersetzung und [im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Emittentin] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Garantin, 
falls 
sie 
nicht 
selbst 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist,] alle für die 
Abgabe 
der 
Ersetzungsgarantie 
notwendigen 
Genehmigungen 
und 
Einverständniserklärungen von Regierungs-
stellen und Aufsichtsbehörden erhalten 
haben, die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle für die 
Erfüllung ihrer Verpflichtungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
notwendigen 
Genehmigungen 
und 
Einverständniserklärungen 
von 
Regierungsstellen und Aufsichtsbehörden 
erhalten hat und weiterhin sämtliche dieser 
Genehmigungen 
und 
Einverständniserklärungen 
in 
vollem 
Umfang gültig und wirksam sind und zudem 
die 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und die von [im Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: der

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
Emittentin] [im Fall von Schuldver-
schreibungen, die von Fresenius Ireland 
oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben werden, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: der Garantin, falls 
sie nicht selbst die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ist,] begebene Ersetzungsgarantie jeweils 
gemäß ihren Bestimmungen wirksam und 
rechtsverbindlich 
und 
durch 
jeden 
Gläubiger durchsetzbar sind;  
(d) § 9 shall be deemed to be amended so that it 
shall also be an Event of Default under such 
provision if the Substitution Guarantee shall 
cease to be valid or binding on or 
enforceable against [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the 
following applies: the Issuer] [in the case of 
Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: 
the Guarantor if it is not itself the Substitute 
Debtor];  
 
(d) § 9 dergestalt als ergänzt gilt, dass ein 
zusätzlicher Kündigungsgrund unter dieser 
Bestimmung der Wegfall der Wirksamkeit, 
Rechtsverbindlichkeit 
oder 
Durchsetzbarkeit der Ersetzungsgarantie 
gegen 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: die Emittentin] [im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland 
II 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: die Garantin, falls sie nicht 
selbst die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist,] ist; 
(e) the 
Substitute 
Debtor 
undertakes 
to 
reimburse any Holder for such taxes, fees or 
duties which may be imposed upon such 
Holder in connection with any payments on 
the Notes (including taxes or duties being 
deducted or withheld at source), upon 
conversion or otherwise, as a consequence 
of the assumption of the Issuer's obligations 
by the Substitute Debtor, provided that such 
undertaking shall be limited to amounts that 
would not have been imposed upon the 
Holder had such substitution not occurred; 
and 
 
(e) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet, 
jedem Gläubiger alle Steuern, Gebühren 
oder Abgaben zu erstatten, die ihm im 
Zusammenhang mit Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(einschließlich 
Steuern und Abgaben, die an der Quelle 
abgeführt oder einbehalten wurden), durch 
den Schuldnerwechsel oder in anderer 
Weise infolge der Schuldübernahme durch 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin auferlegt werden, 
vorausgesetzt, dass sich die Verpflichtung 
auf Beträge beschränkt, die der Gläubiger 
ohne die Ersetzung der Emittentin nicht 
hätte tragen müssen; und 
(f) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal 
Agent one opinion for each jurisdiction 
affected of lawyers of recognized standing 
to the effect that subparagraphs (a) through 
(e) above have been satisfied. 
 
(f) der 
Emissionsstelle 
jeweils 
ein 
Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wurden, die 
bestätigen, dass die Bestimmungen in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a) bis (e) 
erfüllt wurden. 
For purposes of this § 10, Affiliate shall mean any 
affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) 
within the meaning of sections 15 et seq. of the 
German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) 
held by Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA. 
 
Für Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet verbundenes 
Unternehmen jedes von Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA gehaltene verbundene Unternehmen im 
Sinne der §§ 15 f. Aktiengesetz.  
(2) Discharge from Obligations. References. 
 
(2) Schuldbefreiung. Bezugnahmen. 
Upon a substitution in accordance with this § 10, 
the Substitute Debtor shall be deemed to be 
named in the Notes as the principal debtor in 
place of the Issuer as issuer and the Notes shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give 
effect to the substitution including that the 
 
Nach einer Ersetzung gemäß dieses § 10 gilt die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
als 
in 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen an Stelle der Emittentin 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
bestimmt 
und 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gelten 
als 
dem-
entsprechend ergänzt, um der Ersetzung zur

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
relevant jurisdiction in relation to the Issuer in § 7 
shall be the Substitute Debtor's country of 
domicile for tax purposes. Furthermore, in the 
event of such substitution the following shall 
apply:  
Durchsetzung zu verhelfen, und als die relevante 
Steuerjurisdiktion in Bezug auf § 7 gilt die 
Jurisdiktion, in der die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
steuerlich ansässig ist. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall 
einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
[In the case of Notes issued by Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA, the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to 
the Federal Republic of Germany shall be 
deemed to have been included in addition to 
the reference according to the preceding 
sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor; 
 
 
(a) in § 7 und § 5(2) gilt eine alternative 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich 
zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des 
vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat); 
(b) in § 9(1)(b) to (g) an alternative reference to 
the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall 
be deemed to have been included in addition 
to the reference to the Substitute Debtor.] 
 
(b) in § 9(1)(b) bis (g) gilt eine alternative 
Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in ihrer 
Eigenschaft als Garant als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin).] 
[In the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the following 
applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
In § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to 
Ireland shall be deemed to have been included in 
addition to the reference according to the 
preceding sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute 
Debtor.] 
 
 
in 
§ 7 
und 
§ 5(2) 
gilt 
eine 
alternative 
Bezugnahme auf Irland als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe 
des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat).] 
Any such substitution, together with the notice 
referred to in subparagraph (3) below, shall, in 
the case of the substitution of any other company 
as principal debtor, operate to release the Issuer 
as issuer from all of its obligations as principal 
debtor in respect of the Notes. 
 
Jede Ersetzung zusammen mit der Mitteilung 
gemäß Absatz 3 dieser Bestimmung befreit, im 
Fall der Einsetzung einer anderen Gesellschaft 
als Hauptschuldnerin, die Emittentin von allen 
Verbindlichkeiten, die sie als Hauptschuldnerin 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen hatte.  
(3) Notification to Holders. 
 
(3) Benachrichtigung der Gläubiger. 
Not later than 15 Payment Business Days after 
effecting the substitution, the Substitute Debtor 
shall give notice thereof to the Holders and, if any 
Notes are listed on any stock exchange, to such 
stock exchange in accordance with § 12 and to 
any other person or authority as required by 
applicable laws or regulations. 
 
Spätestens 15 Zahltage nach Durchführung der 
Ersetzung wird die Nachfolgeschuldnerin dies 
den 
Gläubigern 
und, 
sollten 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an einer Börse notiert 
sein, dieser Börse gemäß § 12 mitteilen und jede 
andere 
Person 
oder 
Stelle, 
gemäß 
den 
anwendbaren 
Gesetzen 
und 
Regelungen 
informieren.  
§ 11 
(FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION) 
 
§ 11 
(BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG) 
(1) Further Issues. 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the 
consent of the Holders, create and issue further 
Notes having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes of this series in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, interest 
 
Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben, die in jeder Hinsicht (gegebenenfalls 
mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Zinslaufbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises)

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
commencement date and/or the issue price) so as 
to form a single series with the Notes of this 
series. 
die gleichen Bedingungen wie die Schuldver-
schreibungen dieser Anleihe haben und die 
zusammen mit den Schuldverschreibungen dieser 
Anleihe eine einheitliche Gesamtemission bilden. 
(2) Purchases. 
 
(2) Ankauf. 
Subject to applicable laws, the Issuer [in the case 
of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: , the 
Guarantor] or any Subsidiary may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Such acquired Notes may be 
cancelled, held or resold. 
 
Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldver-
schreibungen, die von Fresenius Ireland oder 
Fresenius Ireland II begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: , die Garantin] oder eine 
Tochtergesellschaft kann, soweit gesetzlich 
zulässig, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis kaufen. Derartig erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können 
entwertet, 
gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
(3) Cancellation. 
 
(3) Entwertung. 
All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled 
forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder 
wiederverkauft werden. 
§ 12 
(NOTICES) 
 
§ 12 
(MITTEILUNGEN) 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the 
following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
amtlichen 
Kursblatt 
(official 
list) 
der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel am 
regulierten Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
zugelassen sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
(1) Publication. 
 
(1) Bekanntmachung. 
As long as the Notes are listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (and as long as the 
rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so require), all notices concerning the 
Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.LuxSE.com). Any notice will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first such publication). 
 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen im amtlichen 
Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am regulierten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind (und die 
Vorschriften der Luxemburger Börse dies 
verlangen), sind alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen auf der Internetseite 
der Luxemburger Börse (www.LuxSE.com) zu 
veröffentlichen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit 
dem 
dritten 
Tag 
nach 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag nach 
dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer may 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System 
for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the seventh day 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen im amtlichen 
Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am regulierten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind, sind alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen gemäß Absatz 1 bekanntzumachen. 
Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies 
zulassen, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1 durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
after the day on which the said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.]  
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on another 
stock exchange the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einer anderen Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(1) Publication. 
 
(1) Bekanntmachung. 
All notices concerning the Notes will be made by 
means of electronic publication on the internet 
website of the stock exchange with respect to 
which the Issuer initiated the listing of the Notes, 
as long as the Notes are listed on such stock 
exchange and if the rules of such stock exchange 
so permit. Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first such publication). 
 
Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen sind auf der Internetseite der Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Listing 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
veranlasst 
hat 
zu 
veröffentlichen, 
solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dieser Börse notiert 
sind und die Regeln dieser Börse dies zulassen. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei 
mehreren Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten 
Tag nach dem Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on such a stock 
exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the 
rules of such stock exchange otherwise so permit, 
the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of 
publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) 
above; any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the seventh day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen an dieser Börse 
notiert sind, sind alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen gemäß Absatz 1 
bekanntzumachen. Soweit die Regeln dieser 
Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1 durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted, the 
following applies:  
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
an einer Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
The Issuer will deliver all notices to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the 
seventh day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes that provide for Resolutions of 
Holders the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger vorsehen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
HOLDERS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
[IN THE CASE OF NOTES ISSUED BY 
FRESENIUS IRELAND OR FRESENIUS 
IRELAND II, THE FOLLOWING APPLIES:, 
AMENDMENT OF THE GUARANTEE] 
 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER [IM FALL VON 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, DIE VON 
FRESENIUS IRELAND ODER FRESENIUS 
IRELAND II BEGEBEN WERDEN, IST 
FOLGENDES ANWENDBAR:, ÄNDERUNG 
DER GARANTIE] 
(1) Majority resolutions pursuant to the German Act 
on Issues of Debt Securities. 
 
(1) Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
nach 
dem 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
The Holders may with consent of the Issuer (if 
required) by a majority resolution pursuant to 
section 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issues of 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) 
(the SchVG), as amended from time to time, 
agree to amendments of the Terms and 
Conditions or resolve any other matters provided 
for by the SchVG. In particular, the Holders may 
consent to amendments which materially change 
the substance of the Terms and Conditions, 
including such measures as provided for under 
section 5 paragraph 3 SchVG by resolutions 
passed by such majority of the votes of the 
Holders as stated under § 13(2) below. A duly 
passed majority resolution shall be binding upon 
all Holders. 
 
Die Gläubiger können mit Zustimmung der 
Emittentin 
(soweit 
erforderlich) 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. 
des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen (das SchVG) in seiner jeweils 
gültigen Fassung die Emissionsbedingungen 
ändern oder sonstige Maßnahmen gemäß dem 
SchVG beschließen. Die Gläubiger können 
insbesondere 
einer 
Änderung 
wesentlicher 
Inhalte 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, 
einschließlich der in § 5 Abs. 3 SchVG 
vorgesehenen Maßnahmen durch Beschlüsse mit 
den in dem nachstehenden § 13(2) genannten 
Mehrheiten zustimmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger verbindlich. 
(2) Qualified majority. 
 
(2) Qualifizierte Mehrheit. 
Except as provided by the following sentence and 
provided that the quorum requirements are being 
met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the 
vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of section 5 paragraph 3 
numbers 1 through 9 SchVG, or relating to 
material other matters may only be passed by a 
majority of at least 75% of the voting rights 
participating in the vote (a Qualified Majority). 
 
Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und der 
Erreichung 
der 
erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit, beschließen die Gläubiger 
mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt 
der Emissionsbedingungen, insbesondere in den 
Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nummern 1 bis 9 SchVG, 
geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit 
einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine 
Qualifizierte Mehrheit). 
(3) Passing of resolutions. 
 
(3) Beschlussfassung. 
The Holders can pass resolutions in a meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance with 
section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a 
vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 and 
section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG. 
 
Die Gläubiger können Beschlüsse in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung gemäß §§ 5 ff. SchVG 
oder 
im 
Wege 
einer 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 18 und § 5 ff. SchVG 
fassen. 
(4) Meeting. 
 
(4) Gläubigerversammlung. 
Attendance at the meeting and exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the Holders' registration. The 
registration must be received at the address stated 
in the convening notice no later than the third day 
preceding the meeting. As part of the registration, 
Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with 
§ 14(4)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the meeting. 
 
Die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung 
und die Ausübung der Stimmrechte ist von einer 
vorherigen Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. 
Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten 
Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung 
müssen 
die 
Gläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung 
durch einen in Textform erstellten besonderen 
Nachweis der Depotbank gemäß § 14(4)(i)(a) 
und (b) und durch Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks 
der Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung (einschließlich) nicht 
übertragbar sind, nachweisen.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
(5) Vote without a meeting. 
 
(5) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
Together with casting their votes Holders must 
demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the 
vote by means of a special confirmation of the 
Custodian in accordance with § 14(4)(i)(a) and 
(b) hereof in text form and by submission of a 
blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that 
the relevant Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such votes have been cast until 
and including the day the voting period ends. 
 
Zusammen mit der Stimmabgabe müssen die 
Gläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an 
der Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten besonderen Nachweis der Depotbank 
gemäß § 14(4)(i)(a) und (b) und durch Vorlage 
eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem 
hervorgeht, 
dass 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ab 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Stimmabgabe (einschließlich) bis zum letzten 
Tag des Abstimmungszeitraums (einschließlich) 
nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(6) Second meeting. 
 
(6) Zweite Versammlung. 
If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for the 
meeting pursuant to § 13(4) or the vote without a 
meeting pursuant to § 13(5), in case of a meeting 
the chairman (Vorsitzender) may convene a 
second meeting in accordance with section 15 
paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case 
of a vote without a meeting the scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second 
meeting within the meaning of section 15 
paragraph 3 
sentence 3 
of 
the 
SchVG. 
Attendance at the second meeting and exercise of 
voting rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The provisions set out in § 13(4) 
sentence 3 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the 
Holders' registration for a second meeting. 
 
Wird für die Gläubigerversammlung gemäß 
§ 13(4) 
oder 
die 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 13(5) die mangelnde 
Beschlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann – im Fall der 
Gläubigerversammlung – der Vorsitzende eine 
zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 
Satz 2 SchVG und – im Fall der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung – der Abstimmungsleiter 
eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 
Abs. 3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. Die Teilnahme 
an der zweiten Versammlung und die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte sind von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Für die 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger zu einer zweiten 
Versammlung gilt § 13(4) Satz 3 entsprechend. 
(7) Holders' representative. 
 
(7) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority 
resolution provide for the appointment or 
dismissal of a joint representative (the Holders' 
Representative), the duties and responsibilities 
and the powers of such Holders' Representative, 
the transfer of the rights of the Holders to the 
Holders' Representative and a limitation of 
liability of the Holders' Representative. § 13(2) to 
(6) also apply to the resolution regarding the 
appointment of a Holders' Representative. 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative may 
only be passed by a Qualified Majority if such 
Holders' Representative is to be authorized to 
consent, in accordance with § 13(2) hereof, to a 
material change in the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions or other material matters.]  
 
[Im Fall, dass kein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestimmt 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter der Gläubiger (der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter) bestellen oder abberufen, und die 
Pflichten, 
Aufgaben 
und 
Befugnisse 
des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters, die Übertragung der 
Rechte der Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter und eine Beschränkung der Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters festlegen. Die § 13(2) 
bis (6) gelten auch für die Beschlussfassung über 
die Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters. 
Der 
Beschluss 
zur 
Bestellung 
eines 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
bedarf 
einer 
Qualifizierten Mehrheit, wenn der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
befugt 
ist, 
Änderungen 
des 
wesentlichen Inhalts der Emissionsbedingungen 
oder sonstigen wesentlichen Maßnahmen gemäß 
§ 13(2) zuzustimmen.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
following applies: The joint representative (the 
Holders' 
Representative) 
shall 
be 
[name, 
address]. The Holders' Representative shall have 
the duties and responsibilities and powers 
provided for by law. The liability of the Holders' 
 
[Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in 
den Emissionsbedingungen bestimmt wird, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter (der Gemeinsame Vertreter) ist [Name, 
Adresse]. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die 
Pflichten und Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte, 
die ihm von Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted willfully or 
with gross negligence. The provisions of the 
SchVG apply with respect to the dismissal of the 
Holders' Representative and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative.] 
Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den 
zehnfachen Betrag seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
begrenzt, es sei denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter 
hat vorsätzlich oder grob fahrlässig gehandelt. 
Die Vorschriften des SchVG gelten im Hinblick 
auf die Abberufung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters.] 
(8) Publication. 
 
(8) Veröffentlichung. 
Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be made 
exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG. 
 
Alle Bekanntmachungen diesen § 13 betreffend 
erfolgen 
ausschließlich 
gemäß 
den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
(9) Amendment of the Guarantee. 
 
(9) Änderung der Garantie. 
The provisions set out above applicable to the 
amendment of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis [in the case 
of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: to 
the Guarantee and] to any guarantee granted in 
connection with a substitution of the Issuer.] 
 
Die oben aufgeführten auf die Änderung der 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen gelten entsprechend für [im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Garantie 
und] 
die 
Bestimmungen 
einer 
etwaigen 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Ersetzung 
der 
Emittentin gewährten Garantie.] 
§ 14 
(APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT) 
 
§ 14 
(ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND 
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG) 
(1) Applicable Law. 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. 
The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights 
and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed in every respect by German 
law. 
 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und 
der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht 
nach deutschem Recht. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. 
Subject to any mandatory jurisdiction for specific 
proceedings under the SchVG, the District Court 
(Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other 
legal proceedings (Proceedings) arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes. 
 
Vorbehaltlich eines zwingenden Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dem SchVG, ist das 
Landgericht Frankfurt am Main nicht ausschließ-
lich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
(Rechtsstreitigkeiten). 
(3) Place of Performance. 
 
(3) Erfüllungsort. 
Place of performance will be Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany. 
 
Erfüllungsort 
ist 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
(4) Enforcement. 
 
(4) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. 
Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings 
against the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the 
following applies: or the Guarantor] or to which 
such Holder and the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland II, the following applies: or the 
Guarantor] are parties, protect and enforce in his 
 
Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die 
Garantin] oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der 
Gläubiger und die Emittentin [im Fall von

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
own name his rights arising under such Notes on 
the basis of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes (a) 
stating the full name and address of the Holder, 
(b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes credited to such securities account on the 
date of such statement and (c) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to the 
Clearing System containing the information 
pursuant to (a) and (b) which has been confirmed 
by the Clearing System; (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true copy by a 
duly authorized officer of the Clearing System or 
a depositary of the Clearing System, without the 
need for production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note representing the 
Notes or (iii) any other means of proof permitted 
in legal proceedings in the country of 
enforcement. For purposes of the foregoing, 
Custodian means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognized standing authorized to 
engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and which maintains an 
account with the Clearing System, and includes 
the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce his 
rights under these Notes also in any other way 
which is admitted in the country of the 
Proceedings. 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die 
Garantin] Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf 
der folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder 
geltend 
zu 
machen: 
(i) 
er 
bringt 
eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er für 
die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen 
und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter 
dem 
Datum 
der 
Bestätigung 
auf 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing-
system eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben 
hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) 
bezeichneten Informationen enthält und einen 
Bestätigungsvermerk des Clearingsystems trägt; 
(ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person 
des Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuld-
verschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in 
einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre oder 
(iii) auf jede andere Weise, die im Lande der 
Geltendmachung prozessual zulässig ist. Für die 
Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet Depotbank 
jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben 
und 
bei 
der/dem 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält und ein Konto beim Clearingsystem 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
kann 
unbeschadet 
des 
Vorstehenden 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere 
Weise schützen und durchsetzen, die im Land des 
Verfahrens zulässig ist. 
[In the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the following 
applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(5) Appointment of Authorized Agent. 
 
(5) Bestellung von Zustellungsbevollmächtigten. 
For any Proceedings before German courts, the 
Issuer has appointed Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, 
Else-Kröner-Strasse 1, 61352 Bad Homburg vor 
der Höhe, Federal Republic of Germany, as its 
authorized agent for service of process in 
Germany.] 
 
 
Für etwaige Rechtsstreitigkeiten vor deutschen 
Gerichten hat die Emittentin die Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA, Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad 
Homburg 
vor 
der 
Höhe, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
zu 
ihrer 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten 
in 
Deutschland 
bestellt.] 
§ 15 
(LANGUAGE) 
 
§ 15 
(SPRACHE)

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the 
German language with an English language 
translation, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the 
English language with a German language 
translation, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the 
English language only, the following applies: 
 
[Falls 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich 
in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Notes are publicly offered in whole or in 
part in Germany or distributed in whole or in 
part to non-professional investors in Germany 
with 
English 
language 
Conditions, 
the 
following applies:  
 
 
Eine 
deutsche 
Übersetzung 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen wird bei der Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA, Else-Kröner-Strasse 1, 61352 Bad 
Homburg vor der Höhe, zur kostenlosen Ausgabe 
bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
OPTION II –  
Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rate / 
 
Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
§ 1 
(CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM) 
 
§ 1 
(WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM) 
(1) Currency; Denomination. 
 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. 
This series of Notes (the Notes) of [Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA][Fresenius Finance Ireland Public 
Limited Company][Fresenius Finance Ireland II 
Public Limited Company] ([Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA][Fresenius Ireland][Fresenius Ireland 
II] or the Issuer) is being issued in [Specified 
Currency] (the Specified Currency) in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the 
Global Note is a New Global Note (NGN) the 
following applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of 
[aggregate principal amount] (in words: 
[aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination of [Specified Denomination] (the 
Specified Denomination). 
 
Diese Serie von Schuldverschreibungen (die 
Schuldverschreibungen) der [Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA][Fresenius Finance Ireland Public 
Limited Company][Fresenius Finance Ireland II 
Public Limited Company] ([Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA][Fresenius Ireland][Fresenius Ireland 
II] oder die Emittentin) wird in [Festgelegte 
Währung] (die Festgelegte Währung) im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde eine 
New Global Note (NGN) ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 1(4))] 
von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in 
Worten: 
[Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung] (die 
Festgelegte Stückelung) begeben. 
(2) Form. 
 
(2) Form. 
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Permanent Global Note. 
 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. 
The Notes are represented by a permanent global 
note (the Permanent Global Note or the Global 
Note) without coupons. The Permanent Global 
Note shall be signed manually by authorized 
signatories 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
shall 
be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued.] 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die Dauerglobalurkunde 
oder die Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist 
von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented 
by a Temporary Global Note the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich 
durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the Temporary 
Global 
Note) 
without 
coupons. 
The 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for Notes in Specified 
Denominations represented by a permanent 
global note (the Permanent Global Note and 
together with the Temporary Global Note, 
the Global Notes) without coupons. [In the 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in den Festgelegten 
Stückelungen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde 
und 
zusammen 
mit 
der

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
case of Euroclear and CBL and if the 
Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: The details of such exchange shall 
be entered in the records of the ICSDs (as 
defined below).] The Global Notes shall 
each be signed manually by authorized 
signatories of the Issuer and shall each be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal 
Agent. Definitive Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
Vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde, 
die 
Globalurkunden) 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. [Im Fall von 
Euroclear und CBL und wenn die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Einzelheiten eines solchen 
Austausches werden in die Aufzeichnungen 
der ICSDs (wie nachstehend definiert) 
aufgenommen.] Die Globalurkunden tragen 
jeweils die eigenhändigen Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter 
der Emittentin und sind jeweils von der 
Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzel-
urkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be 
exchanged for the Permanent Global Note 
on a date (the Exchange Date) not earlier 
than 40 days after the date of issue of the 
Notes. Such exchange shall only be made 
upon delivery of certifications to the effect 
that the beneficial owner or owners of the 
Notes is not a U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons 
holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note 
will be made only after delivery of such 
certifications. A separate certification shall 
be required in respect of each such payment 
of interest. Any such certification received 
on or after the 40th day after the date of issue 
of the Notes will be treated as a request to 
exchange the Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). 
Any Notes delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Note shall be delivered 
only outside of the United States (as defined 
in § 1(6)).] 
 
(b) Die Vorläufige Globalurkunde wird an 
einem Tag (der Austauschtag) gegen die 
Dauerglobalurkunde ausgetauscht, der nicht 
weniger als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen liegt. 
Ein solcher Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage 
von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach der 
oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute halten). Solange die Schuld-
verschreibungen durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
werden 
Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage dieser 
Bescheinigungen 
vorgenommen. 
Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein 
Ersuchen 
behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz 
(b) dieses § 1(3) auszutauschen. Schuld-
verschreibungen, die im Austausch für die 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten (wie in § 1(6) definiert) geliefert 
werden.] 
(4) Clearing System. 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or 
on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have 
been satisfied. Clearing System means [if more 
than one Clearing System, the following 
applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main 
(CBF)] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
(CBL)] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brussels 
as operator of the Euroclear System (Euroclear)] 
and any successor in such capacity. [In the case 
 
Die Globalurkunde wird solange von einem oder 
im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis 
sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt 
sind. 
Clearingsystem bedeutet [bei mehr als einem 
Clearingsystem 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeweils] 
folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main (CBF)] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg (CBL)] 
[und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Brüssel, als 
Betreiberin des Euroclear Systems (Euroclear)]

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
of CBL and Euroclear as Clearing System the 
following 
applies: 
International 
Central 
Securities Depositary or ICSD means each of 
CBL and Euroclear (together, the ICSDs).] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. [Im Fall von 
CBL oder Euroclear als Clearingsystem ist 
folgendes anwendbar: International Central 
Securities Depositary oder ICSD bezeichnet 
jeweils CBL und Euroclear (zusammen die 
ICSDs).] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and the global note is a NGN, the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in new 
global note (NGN) form and are kept in custody 
by a common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und falls 
die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
in Form einer New Global Note (NGN) 
ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einer 
gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. 
The records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such 
customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note and, for 
these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the principal amount of Notes so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at 
that time. 
 
Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht 
dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der 
ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der 
so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist zu 
jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über 
den Inhalt des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD. 
On any redemption or interest payment being 
made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation 
of, any of the Notes represented by the Global 
Note the Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, interest payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the 
Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the Global Note shall be reduced 
by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled.]  
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bezüglich der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über jede 
Rückzahlung und Zinszahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunden pro 
rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, und nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Nennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldschreibungen der Gesamt-
nennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen wird.]  
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and the global note is a CGN, the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in 
classical global note (CGN) form and are kept in 
custody by a common depositary on behalf of 
both ICSDs.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und falls 
die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
in Form einer Classical Global Note (CGN) 
ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einer 
gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle 
im 
Namen 
beider 
ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. 
Holder means any holder of a proportionate co-
ownership or other beneficial interest or right in 
the Notes. 
 
Gläubiger 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a 
NGN, the following applies: On an exchange of 
a portion only of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch nur eines 
Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird 
die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
(6) United States. 
 
(6) Vereinigte Staaten. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
United States means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet Vereinigte Staaten die Vereinigten 
Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) 
sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
[IN THE CASE OF NOTES ISSUED BY 
FRESENIUS IRELAND OR FRESENIUS 
IRELAND II, THE FOLLOWING APPLIES: , 
GUARANTEE]) 
 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
[IM FALL VON SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
DIE VON FRESENIUS IRELAND ODER 
FRESENIUS IRELAND II BEGEBEN WERDEN, 
IST FOLGENDES ANWENDBAR: , 
GARANTIE]) 
(1) Status. 
 
(1) Status. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded 
priority under mandatory provisions of statutory 
law. 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander 
und 
mit 
allen 
anderen 
gegenwärtigen und künftigen nicht besicherten 
und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nicht 
durch 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen 
ein 
Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird. 
(2) Negative Pledge.  
 
(2) Negativverpflichtung. 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, 
but only up to the time all amounts of principal 
and interest have been placed at the disposal of 
the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes [in the 
case of Notes issued by Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA, the following applies: (i)] not to grant or 
permit to subsist any mortgage, land charge, lien 
or any other security right in rem (dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht) (the Security Interest) over any 
or all of its present or future assets, as security for 
any 
present 
or 
future 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the following 
applies: and (ii) to procure, to the extent legally 
possible, that none of its Subsidiaries will grant 
or permit to subsist any Security Interest over any 
or all of its present or future assets, as security for 
any 
present 
or 
future 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness,] without at the same time having 
the Holders share equally and ratably in such 
Security Interest. This undertaking shall not 
apply with respect to any Security Interest which 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis 
zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital 
und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung 
gestellt worden sind, [bei von Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(i)] 
keine 
Grundpfandrechte, Pfandrechte oder sonstigen 
dinglichen 
Sicherungsrechte 
(ein 
Sicherungsrecht) an gegenwärtigen oder zu-
künftigen Teilen ihres Vermögens oder ihres 
Vermögens 
insgesamt 
zur 
Sicherung 
der 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeiten zu bestellen oder fort-
bestehen zu lassen, [bei von Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und (ii) soweit rechtlich 
möglich, zu veranlassen, dass keine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
Sicherungsrechte 
an 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Teilen ihres 
Vermögens oder ihres Vermögens insgesamt zur 
Sicherung der gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
(i) is provided over any of the Issuer's claims [in 
the case of Notes issued by Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA, the following applies: or claims of any of 
its Subsidiaries] against any affiliated companies 
within the meaning of sections 15 et seq. of the 
German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) or 
any third party, which claims exist now or arise 
at any time in the future, as a result of the passing 
on of the proceeds from the sale by the issuer of 
any securities, provided that any such security 
serves to secure obligations under such securities 
issued by the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued 
by Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the following 
applies: or by any of its Subsidiaries], (ii) is 
existing on assets at the time of the acquisition 
thereof by the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued 
by Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the following 
applies: or by any of its Subsidiaries] or is 
existing over assets of a newly acquired company 
which becomes a member of the Fresenius 
Group, (iii) is existing on the issue date of the 
Notes, (iv) secures a Capital Market Indebtedness 
existing at the time of acquisition that becomes 
an obligation of the Issuer or of any company 
within the Fresenius Group as a consequence of 
such acquisition, provided that such Capital 
Market Indebtedness was not created in 
contemplation of such acquisition (v) is 
mandatory pursuant to applicable laws or 
required as a prerequisite for obtaining any 
governmental approvals, (vi) is provided in 
connection with any issuance of asset backed 
securities by the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the 
following applies: or by any of its Subsidiaries], 
(vii) is provided in respect of any issuance of 
asset backed securities made by a special purpose 
vehicle where the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the 
following applies: or any of its Subsidiaries] is 
the originator of the underlying assets, (viii) is 
provided in connection with the renewal, 
extension or replacement of any security pursuant 
to foregoing (i) through (vii) and, (ix) secures 
Capital Market Indebtedness the principal 
amount of which (when aggregated with the 
principal amount of any other Capital Market 
Indebtedness which has the benefit of a security 
other than any permitted under the sub-
paragraphs (i) to (viii) above) does not exceed 
EUR 100,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies at any time).  
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
bestellt 
oder 
fortbestehen lässt,] ohne jeweils die Gläubiger 
zur gleichen Zeit auf gleiche Weise und anteilig 
an diesen Sicherungsrechten teilhaben zu lassen. 
Diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht in Bezug auf 
Sicherungsrechte, die (i) an gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Ansprüchen der Emittentin [bei von 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
oder Ansprüchen einer ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften] 
gegen 
verbundene 
Unternehmen im Sinne der §§ 15 f. Aktiengesetz 
oder 
gegen 
Dritte 
aufgrund 
von 
einer 
Übertragung von Erlösen aus dem Verkauf von 
Wertpapieren bestehen, soweit diese Sicherheiten 
zur Sicherung von Verpflichtungen aus diesen 
durch die Emittentin [bei von Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: oder durch eine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften] ausgegebenen Wertpa-
pieren dienen, (ii) an Vermögensgegenständen 
bestellt sind, die bereits zum Zeitpunkt des 
Erwerbs 
des 
betreffenden 
Vermögensgegenstandes durch die Emittentin 
[bei von Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: oder durch eine ihrer Tochtergesell-
schaften] bestanden, oder am Vermögen einer 
neu erworbenen Gesellschaft bestehen, die 
Mitglied des Fresenius-Konzerns wird, (iii) zum 
Ausgabetag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehen, 
(iv) 
eine 
im 
Zeitpunkt 
einer 
Akquisition 
bestehende 
Kapitalmarkt-
verbindlichkeit besichern, die infolge der 
Akquisition eine Verpflichtung der Emittentin 
oder einer Gesellschaft des Fresenius-Konzerns 
wird, sofern diese Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
nicht im Hinblick auf diese Akquisition 
begründet wurde, (v) aufgrund anwendbaren 
Rechts gesetzlich vorgeschriebene Sicherheiten 
sind 
oder 
solche, 
deren 
Bestehen 
eine 
Voraussetzung zur Erteilung einer behördlichen 
Genehmigung sind, (vi) im Zusammenhang mit 
durch die Emittentin [bei von Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA begebenen Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: oder durch eine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften] begebenen asset backed 
securities (ABS) stehen, (vii) im Zusammenhang 
mit durch Zweckgesellschaften begebenen asset 
backed securities (ABS) stehen, bei denen die 
Emittentin [bei von Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
oder 
eine 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften] 
der 
Originator 
der 
zugrundeliegenden Vermögensgegenstände ist, 
(viii) der Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder dem 
Austausch 
irgendeiner 
Sicherheit 
gemäß 
vorstehend (i) bis (vii) dienen und (ix) 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten besichern, deren 
Kapitalbetrag 
(bei 
Aufaddierung 
auf 
den

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
Kapitalbetrag 
sonstiger 
Kapitalmarkt-
verbindlichkeiten, für die andere Sicherheiten als 
die nach (i) bis (viii) zulässigen bestehen) 
EUR 100.000.000 
(oder 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Gegenwert 
in 
anderen 
Währungen) 
nicht 
überschreitet.  
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness 
means 
any 
obligation for the payment of borrowed money 
which is evidenced by a certificate of 
indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) or which is 
represented by any bond or debt security with an 
original maturity of more than one year which is, 
or is intended to be, or is capable of being listed 
or traded on a stock exchange or other recognized 
securities market. 
 
Im 
Sinne 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit jede 
Verbindlichkeit 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener 
Geldbeträge, 
die 
durch 
Schuldscheindarlehen dokumentiert ist oder 
durch Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige 
Wertpapiere mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit 
von mehr als einem Jahr, die an einer Börse oder 
an einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt 
zugelassen 
oder 
gehandelt 
werden 
oder 
zugelassen oder gehandelt werden können, 
verbrieft, verkörpert oder dokumentiert ist. 
Fresenius Group means Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated 
basis. 
 
Fresenius-Konzern bezeichnet Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA und ihre Tochtergesellschaften auf 
konsolidierter Basis. 
[In the case of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) Guarantee and Negative Pledge. 
 
(3) Garantie und Negativverpflichtung. 
(a) Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (the Guarantor) 
has given an unconditional and irrevocable 
guarantee (the Guarantee) for the due and 
punctual payment of principal of, and 
interest on, and any other amounts payable 
under any Notes. The Guarantee constitutes 
a contract for the benefit of the Holders from 
time to time as third-party beneficiaries in 
accordance with § 328 paragraph 1 of the 
German 
Civil 
Code 
(Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) 16, giving rise to the right of 
each Holder to require performance of the 
Guarantee directly from the Guarantor and 
to enforce the Guarantee directly against the 
Guarantor. Copies of the Guarantee may be 
obtained free of charge at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent. 
 
(a) Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (die Garantin) 
hat eine unbedingte und unwiderrufliche 
Garantie (die Garantie) für die ord-
nungsgemäße und pünktliche Zahlung von 
Kapital und Zinsen und allen anderen zu 
zahlenden Beträgen unter den Schuld-
verschreibungen übernommen. Die Garantie 
stellt einen Vertrag zugunsten der Gläubiger 
als begünstigte Dritte im Sinne des § 328 
Absatz 1 BGB dar, der jedem Gläubiger das 
Recht gibt, Erfüllung der in der Garantie 
übernommenen 
Verpflichtungen 
unmittelbar von der Garantin zu verlangen 
und diese Verpflichtungen unmittelbar 
gegen die Garantin durchzusetzen. Kopien 
der Garantie können kostenlos bei der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle bezogen werden. 
(b) The Guarantor has undertaken in the 
Guarantee, as long as any of the Notes 
remain outstanding, but only up to the time 
all amounts of principal and interest have 
been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal 
Agent, (i) not to grant or permit to subsist 
any Security Interest over any or all of its 
present or future assets, as security for any 
present 
or 
future 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness (as defined in § 2(2)), and (ii) 
 
(b) Die Garantin hat sich in der Garantie 
verpflichtet, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch 
nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen der 
Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt 
worden sind, (i) keine Sicherungsrechte an 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Teilen 
ihres Vermögens oder ihres Vermögens 
insgesamt zur Sicherung gegenwärtiger oder 
 
16  An English language convenience translation of § 328 paragraph 1 BGB (German Civil Code) reads as follows: A contract 
may stipulate performance for the benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right directly to demand 
performance.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
to procure, to the extent legally possible, that 
none of its Subsidiaries will grant or permit 
to subsist any Security Interest over any or 
all of its present or future assets, as security 
for any present or future Capital Market 
Indebtedness without at the same time 
having the Holders share equally and ratably 
in such Security Interest. This undertaking 
shall not apply with respect to any Security 
Interest which (i) is provided over any of the 
Guarantor's claims or claims of any of its 
Subsidiaries 
against 
any 
affiliated 
companies within the meaning of sections 
15 et seq. of the German Stock Corporation 
Act (Aktiengesetz) or any third party, which 
claims exist now or arise at any time in the 
future, as a result of the passing on of the 
proceeds from the sale by the issuer of any 
securities, provided that any such security 
serves to secure obligations under such 
securities issued by the Guarantor or by any 
of its Subsidiaries, (ii) is existing on assets 
at the time of the acquisition thereof by the 
Guarantor or by any of its Subsidiaries or is 
existing over assets of a newly acquired 
company which becomes a member of the 
Fresenius Group (iii) is existing on the issue 
date of the Notes, (iv) secures a Capital 
Market Indebtedness existing at the time of 
acquisition that becomes an obligation of the 
Guarantor or of any company within the 
Fresenius Group as a consequence of such 
acquisition, provided that such Capital 
Market Indebtedness was not created in 
contemplation of such acquisition, (v) is 
mandatory pursuant to applicable laws or 
required as a prerequisite for obtaining any 
governmental approvals, (vi) is provided in 
connection with any issuance of asset 
backed securities by the Guarantor or by any 
of its Subsidiaries, (vii) is provided in 
respect of any issuance of asset backed 
securities made by a special purpose vehicle 
where the Guarantor or any of its 
Subsidiaries is the originator of the 
underlying assets, (viii) is provided in 
connection with the renewal, extension or 
replacement of any security pursuant to 
foregoing (i) through (vii) and, (ix) secures 
Capital Market Indebtedness the principal 
amount of which (when aggregated with the 
principal amount of any other Capital 
Market Indebtedness which has the benefit 
of a security other than any permitted under 
the sub-paragraphs (i) to (viii) above) does 
not 
exceed 
EUR 100,000,000 (or 
its 
equivalent in other currencies at any time).] 
zukünftiger Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
(wie in § 2(2) definiert) zu bestellen oder 
fortbestehen zu lassen und (ii) soweit 
rechtlich möglich, zu veranlassen, dass 
keine 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
Sicherungsrechte an gegenwärtigen oder zu-
künftigen Teilen ihres Vermögens oder ihres 
Vermögens insgesamt zur Sicherung der 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, bestellt oder 
fortbestehen 
lässt, 
ohne 
jeweils 
die 
Gläubiger zur gleichen Zeit auf gleiche 
Weise 
und 
anteilig 
an 
diesen 
Sicherungsrechten teilhaben zu lassen. 
Diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht in Bezug auf 
Sicherungsrechte, die (i) an gegenwärtigen 
oder zukünftigen Ansprüchen der Garantin 
oder 
Ansprüchen 
einer 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften gegen verbundene 
Unternehmen im Sinne der §§ 15 f. 
Aktiengesetz oder gegen Dritte aufgrund 
von einer Übertragung von Erlösen aus dem 
Verkauf von Wertpapieren bestehen, soweit 
diese Sicherheiten zur Sicherung von 
Verpflichtungen aus diesen durch die 
Garantin 
oder 
durch 
eine 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
ausgegebenen 
Wertpapieren 
dienen, 
(ii) 
an 
Vermögensgegenständen bestellt sind, die 
bereits zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs des 
betreffenden 
Vermögensgegenstandes 
durch die Garantin oder durch eine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften bestanden, oder am 
Vermögen 
einer 
neu 
erworbenen 
Gesellschaft bestehen, die Mitglied des 
Fresenius-Konzerns 
wird, 
(iii) 
zum 
Ausgabetag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehen, (iv) eine im Zeitpunkt einer 
Akquisition 
bestehende 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit besichern, die 
infolge der Akquisition eine Verpflichtung 
der Garantin oder einer Gesellschaft des 
Fresenius-Konzerns wird, sofern diese 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
nicht 
im 
Hinblick auf diese Akquisition begründet 
wurde, (v) aufgrund anwendbaren Rechts 
gesetzlich vorgeschriebene Sicherheiten 
sind oder solche, deren Bestehen eine 
Voraussetzung 
zur 
Erteilung 
einer 
behördlichen Genehmigung sind, (vi) im 
Zusammenhang mit durch die Garantin oder 
durch eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften 
begebenen asset backed securities (ABS) 
stehen, (vii) im Zusammenhang mit durch 
Zweckgesellschaften 
begebenen 
asset 
backed securities (ABS) stehen, bei denen 
die 
Garantin 
oder 
eine 
ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften der Originator der 
zugrundeliegenden Vermögensgegenstände 
ist, (viii) der Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
dem Austausch irgendeiner Sicherheit 
gemäß vorstehend (i) bis (vii) dienen und 
(ix) 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
besichern, 
deren 
Kapitalbetrag 
(bei 
Aufaddierung 
auf 
den 
Kapitalbetrag 
sonstiger 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, 
für die andere Sicherheiten als die nach (i) 
bis 
(viii) 
zulässigen 
bestehen) 
EUR 100.000.000 (oder deren jeweiligen 
Gegenwert in anderen Währungen) nicht 
überschreitet.] 
Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, 
any corporation, limited liability company, 
association, partnership or other business entity 
whose results of operations are consolidated in 
accordance with IFRS with those of:  
 
Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
einen Rechtsträger, eine Kapitalgesellschaft, eine 
Gesellschaft mit Haftungsbeschränkung, eine 
Vereinigung, eine Personengesellschaft oder ein 
sonstiges Unternehmen, deren bzw. dessen 
Ergebnisse gemäß IFRS mit den Ergebnissen 
folgender Personen konsolidiert werden:  
(a) such Person; 
 
(a) dieses Rechtsträgers; 
(b) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of 
such Person; or 
 
(b) dieses 
Rechtsträgers 
und 
einer 
oder 
mehreren 
Tochtergesellschaften 
dieses 
Rechtsträgers; oder 
(c) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person[;][.] 
 
(c) einer oder mehrerer Tochtergesellschaften 
dieses Rechtsträgers[,][.] 
[As long as Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA and its subsidiaries are fully consolidated 
in the consolidated financial statements of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the following 
applies: provided, however, that this definition of 
Subsidiaries shall exclude Fresenius Medical 
Care AG & Co. KGaA and its subsidiaries.] 
 
[Solange die Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA und ihre Tochtergesellschaften im Wege 
der 
Vollkonsolidierung 
in 
den 
Konzernabschluss der Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA 
einbezogen 
sind, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: wobei jedoch diese Definition von 
Tochtergesellschaft die Fresenius Medical Care 
AG & Co. KGaA und ihre Tochtergesellschaften 
ausschließt.] 
IFRS refers to International Financial Reporting 
Standards of the International Accounting 
Standards Board, as adopted by the European 
Union. 
 
IFRS bezeichnet die International Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
des 
International 
Accounting Standards Board, wie sie von der 
Europäischen Union anerkannt werden. 
§ 3 
(INTEREST) 
 
§ 3 
(ZINSEN) 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest on their 
principal amount from (and including) 
[Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
and thereafter from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
next following Interest Payment Date. 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
(a) Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
bezogen 
auf 
ihren 
Nennbetrag 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(der 
Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und 
danach 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
Die Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind nachträglich an jedem Zinszahlungstag 
zahlbar. 
(b) Interest Payment Date means 
 
(b) Zinszahlungstag bedeutet

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
[In case of Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, 
the 
following 
applies: 
each 
[Specified Interest Payment Dates].] 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstagen 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeder 
[festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage].] 
[In case of Specified Interest Periods, the 
following applies: each date which (except 
as otherwise provided in these Terms and 
Conditions) 
falls 
[number] 
[weeks] 
[months] after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.] 
 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(soweit 
diese 
Emissionsbedingungen keine abweichenden 
Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils der Tag, 
der [Zahl] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem 
vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag liegt, oder 
im Fall des ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach 
dem Verzinsungsbeginn.] 
(c) If any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day (as defined below), it shall be: 
 
(c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der 
kein 
Geschäftstag 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag 
[In case of Modified Following Business 
Day Convention, the following applies: 
postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event 
the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day.] 
 
[Im Fall der modifizierten folgender 
Geschäftstag-Konvention 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener 
würde 
dadurch 
in 
den 
nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird 
der Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[In case of FRN Convention, the following 
applies: postponed to the next day which is 
a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event 
(i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day and 
(ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date 
shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls [insert number] [months] [insert 
other specified periods] after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
 
[Im Fall der FRN-Konvention ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener 
würde 
dadurch 
in 
den 
nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag 
der 
jeweils 
letzte 
Geschäftstag 
des 
Monats, 
der 
[Zahl 
einfügen] [Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zeiträume 
einfügen] 
nach 
dem 
vorhergehenden 
anwendbaren 
Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
[In case of Following Business Day 
Convention, 
the 
following 
applies: 
postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day.] 
 
[Im Fall der folgender Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist folgendes anwendbar: auf 
den 
nachfolgenden 
Geschäftstag 
verschoben.] 
[In case of Preceding Business Day 
Convention, the following applies: the 
immediately preceding Business Day.] 
 
[Im Fall der vorhergehender Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist folgendes anwendbar: auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
(d) In this § 3, Business Day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday)  
 
(d) In diesem § 3 bezeichnet Geschäftstag 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), 
[In case the Notes are not denominated in 
Euro, the following applies: on which 
commercial banks are generally open for 
business, and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in [relevant financial 
center(s)]][.] 
 
[Im Fall von nicht auf Euro lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: an dem in [relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Geschäftsbanken 
allgemein für Geschäfte geöffnet sind und 
Devisenmärkte Zahlungen abwickeln][.]

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
[In case the Notes are denominated in 
Euro, the following applies: on which the 
Clearing System as well as all relevant parts 
of the real-time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem (T2), or any 
successor system, are operational to effect 
the relevant payment.] 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
auf 
Euro 
lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: an dem das Clearingsystem 
sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des real-
time 
gross 
settlement 
system 
des 
Eurosystems 
(T2) 
oder 
eines 
Nachfolgesystems betriebsbereit sind, um 
die betreffende Zahlung abzuwickeln.] 
(2) Rate of Interest. 
 
(2) Zinssatz. 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in the 
Specified Currency is EURIBOR, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung EURIBOR ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) will, 
except as provided below or in § 3(3) [in 
case of Minimum Rate of Interest or 
Maximum Rate of Interest the following 
applies: or § 3(4)], be the offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
that Interest Period which appears on the 
Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
on the Interest Determination Date (as 
defined below) [in case of a Margin the 
following applies: [plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)], all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as 
defined in § 6). 
 
(a) Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, 
sofern nachstehend oder in § 3(3) [im Fall 
eines 
Mindestzinssatzes 
oder 
Höchstzinssatzes ist folgendes anwendbar: 
oder § 3(4)] nichts Abweichendes bestimmt 
wird, der Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum) für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, der auf der Bildschirmseite am 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) angezeigt wird [im Fall einer 
Marge, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)], 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
(wie in § 6 definiert) erfolgen. 
Interest Period means each period from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date and from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
Zinsperiode 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
Interest Determination Date means the 
second T2 Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period. T2 Business Day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the 
real-time gross settlement system operated 
by the Eurosystem (T2), or any successor 
system, is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro. 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet den zweiten 
T2-Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode. T2-Geschäftstag bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem das real-time gross 
settlement system des Eurosystems (T2) 
oder 
ein 
Nachfolgesystem 
für 
die 
Abwicklung von Zahlungen in Euro 
betriebsbereit ist. 
[In case of a Margin, the following applies: 
Margin means [insert relevant Margin]% 
per annum.] 
[Im Fall einer Marge ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Marge 
beträgt 
[entsprechende Marge einfügen] % per 
annum.] 
Screen Page means the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01 or the relevant successor page 
on that service or on any other service as 
may be nominated as the information vendor 
for the purposes of displaying rates or prices 
Bildschirmseite 
bedeutet 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder die 
jeweilige Nachfolgeseite, die vom selben 
System angezeigt wird oder aber von einem 
anderen System, das zum Vertreiber von 
Informationen zum Zwecke der Anzeige 
von Sätzen oder Preisen ernannt wurde, die

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
comparable 
to 
the 
relevant 
offered 
quotation. 
mit 
dem 
betreffenden 
Angebotssatz 
vergleichbar sind. 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no 
such quotation appears at such time, in each 
case for reasons other than the occurrence of 
a Benchmark Event (as defined below), the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be the offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period which appears on the 
Substitute Screen Page at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date [in case of a Margin 
the following applies: [plus] [minus] the 
Margin], 
all 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent. 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
zur 
Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der 
genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz angezeigt 
und beruht dies jeweils auf anderen Gründen 
als 
dem 
Eintritt 
eines 
Benchmark-
Ereignisses (wie nachstehend definiert), ist 
der Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode 
der 
Angebotssatz 
(ausgedrückt 
als 
Prozentsatz per annum) für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, 
der 
auf 
der 
Ersatz-
Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) um ca. 11.00 Uhr 
(Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigt wird [im Fall 
einer Marge ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge], wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
If neither the Screen Page nor the Substitute 
Screen Page is available or if no such 
quotation appears on any such page at such 
time, in each case for reasons other than the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as 
defined below), the Rate of Interest shall be 
the offered quotation on the Screen Page, as 
described above, on the last day preceding 
the Interest Determination Date on which 
such quotation was offered [in case of a 
Margin, the following applies: [plus] 
[minus] the Margin]. 
 
Sollte weder die Bildschirmseite noch die 
Ersatz-Bildschirmseite 
zur 
Verfügung 
stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein 
Angebotssatz auf einer dieser Seiten 
angezeigt und beruht dies jeweils auf 
anderen Gründen als dem Eintritt eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses (wie nachstehend 
definiert), ist der Zinssatz der Angebotssatz 
auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend 
beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem ein solcher 
Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde [im Fall 
einer Marge ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
Substitute Screen Page means the screen 
page of any authorized vendor other than the 
Screen Page or any other available website 
or screen page of a financial data provider 
on which the offered quotation (expressed as 
a percentage per annum) for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for the relevant Interest 
Period as determined by its administrator 
(currently the European Money Markets 
Institute (EMMI)) for the relevant Interest 
Determination Date is displayed.] 
 
Ersatz-Bildschirmseite 
bezeichnet 
die 
Bildschirmseite eines anderen autorisierten 
Anbieters als die Bildschirmseite oder eine 
andere 
verfügbare 
Website 
oder 
Bildschirmseite eines Finanzdatenanbieters, 
auf der der Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum) für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, wie er für den jeweiligen 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
vom 
Administrator 
(derzeit das European Money Markets 
Institute (EMMI)) festgelegt wird, angezeigt 
wird.] 
(b) If the Issuer determines (in consultation with 
the Calculation Agent) that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred on or prior to an Interest 
Determination Date, the following shall 
apply: 
 
(b) Stellt die Emittentin (in Abstimmung mit der 
Berechnungsstelle) fest, dass vor oder an 
einem Zinsfestlegungstag ein Benchmark-
Ereignis eingetreten ist, gilt Folgendes: 
(i) The Offered Interest Rate for the 
Interest Period following such Interest 
Determination 
Date 
and 
each 
subsequent Interest Period (unless a 
new 
Benchmark 
Event 
occurs 
thereafter) shall be the Replacement 
 
(i) Der Angebotszinssatz für die auf den 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
folgende 
Zinsperiode und jede nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode (es sei denn, es tritt in der 
Folge ein neues Benchmark-Ereignis 
ein) ist der Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Offered Interest Rate (as defined 
below), adjusted, if necessary, by any 
Adjustment Spread (as defined below). 
The Issuer will inform the Calculation 
Agent thereof and shall, in accordance 
with 
§ 12 of these Terms and 
Conditions, notify the Replacement 
Offered Interest Rate, any Adjustment 
Spread and the Adjustments (as defined 
below) and all of these determinations 
(as well as any amendment of the 
Interest Determination Date if so 
determined) shall become binding on 
the Issuer and the Holders with effect 
from 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date as from the 
effectiveness of such notice. 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert), 
der 
gegebenenfalls durch eine etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
angepasst 
wird. 
Die 
Emittentin wird die Berechnungsstelle 
hierüber informieren und den Ersatz-
Angebotszinssatz, 
die 
etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne 
und 
die 
Anpassungen 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gemäß 
§ 12 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bekanntmachen und diese (sowie eine 
etwaige 
Änderung 
des 
Zinsfestlegungstags, 
falls 
dies 
so 
bestimmt 
wird) 
werden 
mit 
Wirksamwerden der Bekanntmachung 
für die Emittentin und die Gläubiger 
mit Wirkung ab dem relevanten 
Zinsfestlegungstag verbindlich. 
(ii) If a Replacement Offered Interest Rate 
referred to in § 3(2)(b)(i) is not 
available, the Issuer, after consultation 
with the Independent Advisor (as 
defined below), will determine the 
Alternative Offered Interest Rate (as 
defined below) and any Alternative 
Adjustment Spread (as defined below). 
In such case, the Offered Interest Rate 
for the Interest Period following the 
Interest Determination Date and each 
subsequent Interest Period (unless a 
new 
Benchmark 
Event 
occurs 
thereafter) shall be the Alternative 
Offered Interest Rate, adjusted, if 
necessary, 
by 
any 
Alternative 
Adjustment Spread. The Issuer will 
inform the Calculation Agent thereof 
and shall, in accordance with § 12 of 
these Terms and Conditions, notify the 
Alternative Offered Interest Rate, any 
Alternative Adjustment Spread and the 
Adjustments (as defined below) and all 
of these determinations (as well as any 
amendment 
of 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date if so determined) 
shall become binding on the Issuer and 
the Holders with effect from the 
relevant Interest Determination Date as 
from the effectiveness of such notice. 
 
(ii) Soweit ein Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz 
gemäß § 3(2)(b)(i) nicht zur Verfügung 
steht, 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
nach 
Konsultation mit dem Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen (wie nachstehend 
definiert) 
den 
Alternativ-
Angebotszinssatz (wie nachstehend 
definiert) und eine etwaige Alternativ-
Anpassungsspanne (wie nachstehend 
definiert) festlegen. In diesem Fall wird 
der Angebotszinssatz für die auf den 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
folgende 
Zinsperiode und jede nachfolgende 
Zinsperiode (es sei denn, es tritt in der 
Folge ein neues Benchmark-Ereignis 
ein) der Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz, 
der gegebenenfalls durch eine etwaige 
Alternativ-Anpassungsspanne 
angepasst wird, sein. Die Emittentin 
wird die Berechnungsstelle hierüber 
informieren 
und 
den 
Alternativ-
Angebotszinssatz, 
die 
etwaige 
Alternativ-Anpassungsspanne und die 
Anpassungen 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
gemäß 
§ 12 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen bekanntgeben 
und 
diese 
(sowie 
eine 
etwaige 
Änderung 
des 
Zinsfestlegungstags, 
falls dies so bestimmt wird) werden mit 
Wirksamwerden der Bekanntmachung 
für die Emittentin und die Gläubiger 
mit Wirkung ab dem relevanten 
Zinsfestlegungstag verbindlich. 
[In 
Case 
the 
specific 
fallback 
provision "Reference Rate for the 
preceding Interest Period" 
shall 
apply, the following applies: 
 
[Für den Fall, dass die besondere 
Fallbackregelung "Angebotszinssatz 
der vorangegangenen Zinsperiode" 
anwendbar 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(iii) If, by the fifth Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, 
 
(iii) Wenn bis zum fünften Geschäftstag vor 
dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
neither a Replacement Offered Interest 
Rate has been identified pursuant to 
§ 3(2)(b)(i) nor an Alternative Offered 
Interest Rate has been determined 
pursuant to § 3(2)(b)(ii) above, the 
Offered Interest Rate for the Interest 
Period following the relevant Interest 
Determination Date shall be the 
Offered 
Interest 
Rate 
for 
the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. 
If the Offered Interest Rate is applied 
pursuant to this § 3(2)(b)(iii), § 3(3) 
shall 
be 
applied 
again 
for 
the 
determination of the Offered Interest 
Rate for the next subsequent Interest 
Period. 
weder 
ein 
Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz 
gemäß § 3(2)(b)(i) ermittelt noch ein 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz 
entsprechend 
des 
vorstehendenden 
§ 3(2)(b)(ii) festgelegt wurde, ist der 
Angebotszinssatz für die auf den 
relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag folgende 
Zinsperiode der für die unmittelbar 
vorangehende Zinsperiode bestimmte 
Angebotszinssatz. 
Falls 
der 
Angebotszinssatz 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(2)(b)(iii) zur Anwendung kommt, 
wird 
für 
die 
Bestimmung 
des 
Angebotszinssatzes für die nächste 
folgende Zinsperiode § 3(3) erneut 
angewendet. 
For the purposes of sentence 1 of this 
§ 3(2)(b)(iii) and determining whether, 
by the fifth Business Day prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, a 
Replacement Offered Interest Rate has 
been identified pursuant to § 3(2)(b)(i) 
or an Alternative Offered Interest Rate 
has been determined pursuant to 
§ 3(2)(b)(ii), it will be irrelevant 
whether the respective notices in 
accordance with § 12 of these Terms 
and Conditions have already been 
given or not.] 
 
Für die Zwecke von Satz 1 dieses 
§ 3(2)(b)(iii) und die Bestimmung ob 
bis zum fünften Geschäftstag vor dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag ein 
Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(2)(b)(i) 
ermittelt 
oder 
ein 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(2)(b)(ii) festgelegt wurde, kommt 
es 
nicht 
darauf 
an, 
ob 
die 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachungen 
gemäß 
§ 12 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen bereits erfolgt 
sind oder nicht.] 
(iv) Certain definitions. 
 
(iv) Bestimmte Begriffsbestimmungen. 
Benchmark Event means with respect 
to the Offered Interest Rate one of the 
following events: 
 
Benchmark-Ereignis bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf den Angebotszinssatz eines 
der nachfolgenden Ereignisse: 
(aa) the Offered Interest Rate has not been 
published on the Screen Page during 
the last ten Business Days prior to and 
including 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date; or 
 
(aa) der Angebotszinssatz wurde in den 
letzten zehn Geschäftstagen vor dem 
und bis einschließlich zum relevanten 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht; oder 
(bb) the occurrence of the date, as publicly 
announced by, or, as the case may be, 
determinable based upon the public 
announcement by, the administrator of 
the 
Offered 
Interest 
Rate, 
the 
regulatory supervisor responsible for 
the administrator or the central bank 
responsible for the Specified Currency 
that the administrator of the Offered 
Interest Rate has suspended or will 
suspend permanently or indefinitely the 
Offered Interest Rate, its calculation 
and/or publication (if at the time of 
such 
announcement no 
successor 
administrator has been appointed that 
will continue the calculation and/or 
publication of the Offered Interest 
Rate); or 
 
(bb) der Eintritt des durch den Administrator 
des Angebotszinssatzes, die für den 
Administrator 
zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde oder die für die 
festgelegte 
Währung 
zuständige 
Zentralbank 
öffentlich 
bekannt 
gegebenen 
Tages 
bzw. 
des 
auf 
Grundlage 
der 
öffentlichen 
Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, 
dass 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Angebotszinssatzes 
den 
Angebotszinssatz, seine Berechnung 
und/oder 
seine 
Veröffentlichung 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
eingestellt hat oder einstellen wird 
(wenn 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
dieser 
Bekanntmachung 
kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
ernannt 
worden ist, der die Berechnung 
und/oder 
Veröffentlichung 
des

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Angebotszinssatzes fortsetzen wird); 
oder 
(cc) the occurrence of the date, as publicly 
announced by, or, as the case may be, 
determinable based upon the public 
announcement by, the administrator of 
the 
Offered 
Interest 
Rate, 
the 
regulatory supervisor responsible for 
the administrator or the central bank 
responsible for the Specified Currency 
that there will be a material change in 
the methodology of determining the 
Offered Interest Rate; or 
 
(cc) der Eintritt des durch den Administrator 
des Angebotszinssatzes, die für den 
Administrator 
zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde oder die für die 
festgelegte 
Währung 
zuständige 
Zentralbank 
öffentlich 
bekannt 
gegebenen 
Tages 
bzw. 
des 
auf 
Grundlage 
der 
öffentlichen 
Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, 
von dem an eine wesentliche Änderung 
der Methode zur Festlegung des 
Angebotszinssatzes 
wirksam 
wird; 
oder 
(dd) the occurrence of the date, as publicly 
announced by, or, as the case may be, 
determinable based upon the public 
announcement by the administrator of 
the Offered Interest Rate, by the 
regulatory supervisor responsible for 
the administrator or by the central bank 
responsible for the Specified Currency 
that the use of the Offered Interest Rate 
is generally prohibited; or 
 
(dd) der Eintritt des durch den Administrator 
des Angebotszinssatzes, die für den 
Administrator 
zuständige 
Aufsichtsbehörde oder die für die 
festgelegte 
Währung 
zuständige 
Zentralbank 
öffentlich 
bekannt 
gegebenen 
Tages 
bzw. 
des 
auf 
Grundlage 
der 
öffentlichen 
Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, 
von 
dem 
an 
die 
Nutzung 
des 
Angebotszinssatzes allgemein verboten 
ist; oder 
(ee) the publication by the Issuer of a notice 
pursuant to § 12 of these Terms and 
Conditions that the use of the Offered 
Interest Rate to calculate the Interest 
Rate has become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
Paying Agent. 
 
(ee) die Veröffentlichung einer Mitteilung 
durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12 dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
dass 
die 
Verwendung des Angebotszinssatzes 
zur Berechnung des Zinssatzes für die 
Emittentin, die Berechnungsstelle oder 
eine Zahlstelle rechtswidrig geworden 
ist. 
Replacement Offered Interest Rate means 
a successor or replacement of the Offered 
Interest Rate officially recommended by the 
Nominating Body (as defined below). 
 
Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz bezeichnet einen 
Nachfolger 
oder 
Ersatz 
des 
Angebotszinssatzes, der offiziell durch die 
Nominierungsstelle 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) empfohlen wurde. 
Adjustment Spread means the difference 
(positive or negative) or the result of the 
application of a formula or methodology to 
determine 
such 
difference 
that 
is 
recommended by the Nominating Body in 
connection with the replacement of the 
Offered Interest Rate by the Replacement 
Offered Interest Rate. 
 
Anpassungsspanne bezeichnet die Differenz 
(positiv oder negativ) oder das Ergebnis der 
Anwendung einer Formel oder Methode zur 
Bestimmung einer solchen Differenz, die im 
Zusammenhang mit der Ersetzung des 
Angebotszinssatzes 
durch 
den 
Ersatz-
Angebotszinssatz 
von 
der 
Nominierungsstelle empfohlen wird. 
Adjustments means the amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions (i) in the case of a 
Replacement Offered Interest Rate, as 
determined by the Issuer in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent, and (ii) in the 
case of an Alternative Offered Interest Rate, 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Issuer 
after 
consultation with the Independent Advisor, 
being necessary to ensure the proper 
 
Anpassungen bezeichnet die Änderungen 
hinsichtlich der Emissionsbedingungen, die 
(i) im Falle eines Ersatz-Angebotszinssatzes 
nach 
Feststellung 
der 
Emittentin 
in 
Abstimmung mit der Berechnungsstelle und 
(ii) 
im 
Falle 
eines 
Alternativ-
Angebotszinssatzes nach Feststellung durch 
die Emittentin nach Konsultation mit dem 
Unabhängigen Sachverständigen notwendig

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
application of the Replacement Offered 
Interest Rate and the Adjustment Spread or 
the proper application of the Alternative 
Offered Interest Rate and the Alternative 
Adjustment Spread. The Adjustments may 
extend to, inter alia, provisions relating to 
the applicable Business Day Convention, 
the definitions of the terms "Screen Page", 
"Business Day", "Interest Payment Date", 
"Interest Period", "Day Count Fraction" 
and/or 
"Interest 
Determination 
Date" 
(including the determination of whether the 
Offered Interest Rate is determined on a 
forward looking or backward looking basis) 
and any methodology or definition for 
obtaining or calculating the Replacement 
Offered Interest Rate or the Alternative 
Offered Interest Rate. 
sind, um die ordnungsgemäße Anwendung 
des 
Ersatz-Angebotszinssatzes 
und 
der 
Anpassungsspanne oder die ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Alternativ-
Angebotszinssatzes und der Alternativ-
Anpassungsspanne zu gewährleisten. Die 
Anpassungen 
können 
u.a. 
Regelungen 
bezüglich der anwendbaren Geschäftstag-
Konvention, der Definitionen der Begriffe 
"Bildschirmseite", 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Zinszahlungstag", 
"Zinsperiode", 
"Zinstagequotient" 
und/oder 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" 
(einschließlich 
der 
Festlegung 
ob 
der 
Angebotszinssatz 
vorwärts- oder rückwärtsgerichtet bestimmt 
wird) sowie jeder Methode oder Definition, 
um den Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz oder den 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz zu erhalten oder 
zu berechnen, umfassen. 
Nominating Body means (1) the central 
bank for the currency in which the Offered 
Interest Rate is presented or a central bank 
or other regulatory supervisor responsible 
for the supervision of the administrator of 
the Offered Interest Rate; or (2) any 
working group or committee assisted, co-
chaired or endorsed by (a) the central bank 
for the currency in which the Offered 
Interest Rate is denominated, (b) any 
central bank or other regulatory supervisor 
responsible for the supervision of the 
administrator of the Offered Interest Rate, 
(c) any group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other regulatory supervisors, or (d) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
 
Nominierungsstelle 
bezeichnet 
(1) 
die 
Zentralbank für die Währung in der der 
Angebotszinssatz dargestellt wird oder eine 
Zentralbank oder andere Aufsichtsbehörde, 
die für die Aufsicht des Administrators des 
Angebotszinssatzes zuständig ist; oder (2) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeden Ausschuss, 
die/der von (a) der Zentralbank für die 
Währung in der der Angebotszinssatz 
dargestellt wird, (b) einer Zentralbank oder 
anderen Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
des 
Angebotszinssatzes zuständig ist, (c) einer 
Gruppe der zuvor genannten Zentralbanken 
oder anderer Aufsichtsbehörden oder (d) dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial 
Stability 
Board) oder Teilen davon unterstützt, 
(mit)geleitet oder befürwortet wird 
Independent 
Advisor 
means 
an 
independent 
financial 
institution 
of 
international 
reputation 
or 
another 
independent 
financial 
advisor 
with 
experience in international capital markets, 
in each case appointed by the Issuer. The 
Issuer shall employ reasonable efforts to 
effect the appointment of an Independent 
Advisor on commercially reasonable terms; 
if no such appointment is possible, the 
function of the Independent Advisor under 
these conditions shall be omitted. 
 
Unabhängiger Sachverständiger bezeichnet 
ein von der Emittentin für die Wahrnehmung 
der ihr nach diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
zugewiesenen 
Funktionen 
ernanntes 
unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut 
mit 
internationalem Ansehen oder einen anderen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit Erfahrung in 
internationalen 
Kapitalmärkten. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
zu 
ihr 
zumutbaren 
Bemühungen 
verpflichtet, 
um 
die 
Beauftragung 
eines 
Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen 
zu 
wirtschaftlich 
angemessenen Bedingungen zu bewirken; ist 
dies nicht möglich, entfällt die Funktion des 
Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen 
nach 
Maßgabe dieser Emissionsbedingungen. 
Alternative Offered Interest Rate means a 
publicly 
available 
alternative 
offered 
interest rate quotation that is intended to 
allow financial instruments or contracts, 
such as, but not limited to, debt securities, 
to use such alternative offered interest rate 
 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz 
bezeichnet 
einen öffentlich verfügbaren alternativen 
Angebotszinssatz, der dafür vorgesehen ist, 
dass Finanzinstrumente oder -verträge, wie 
u.a. in Form von Schuldverschreibungen, 
diesen bei der Bestimmung von variablen

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
quotation for determining floating rates of 
interest (or related interest components) in 
the Specified Currency. 
Zinssätzen 
(oder 
dazugehörigen 
Zinskomponenten) 
in 
der 
festgelegten 
Währung verwenden können. 
Alternative Adjustment Spread means the 
difference (which may be positive or 
negative) or the result of the application of 
a formula or methodology for calculating 
such a difference to be applied to the 
Alternative Offered Interest Rate as 
determined by the Issuer after consultation 
with the Independent Advisor, to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably possible, 
any shift in the economic value between the 
Issuer and the Holders which would arise 
without such adjustment as a result of the 
replacement of the Offered Interest Rate by 
the Alternative Offered Interest Rate 
(including, but not limited to, that the 
Alternative Offered Interest Rate is a risk-
free rate). 
 
Alternativ-Anpassungsspanne 
bezeichnet 
die Differenz (positiv oder negativ) oder das 
Ergebnis der Anwendung einer Formel oder 
Methode zur Bestimmung einer solchen 
Differenz, die nach Festlegung durch die 
Emittentin nach Konsultation mit dem 
Unabhängigen Sachverständigen auf den 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz anzuwenden ist, 
um eine Verlagerung des wirtschaftlichen 
Wertes zwischen der Emittentin und den 
Gläubigern, die ohne diese Anpassung 
infolge der Ersetzung des Angebotszinssatzes 
durch 
den 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz 
entstehen würde (einschließlich, aber ohne 
hierauf begrenzt zu sein, infolgedessen, dass 
der 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz 
eine 
risikofreie Rate ist), soweit sinnvollerweise 
möglich, zu reduzieren oder auszuschließen. 
Offered Interest Rate means the offered 
quotation specified in the Final Terms and, 
following the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event, the relevant Replacement Offered 
Interest Rate or, as applicable, the relevant 
Alternative Offered Interest Rate or, as 
applicable, the Offered Interest Rate for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, as 
determined at the relevant time in 
accordance with this § 3(2)(b).] 
 
Angebotszinssatz bezeichnet den in den 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
festgelegten 
Angebotssatz bzw., nach Eintritt eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, den betreffenden 
Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz 
oder, 
falls 
anwendbar, den betreffenden Alternativ-
Angebotszinssatz oder, falls anwendbar, den 
Angebotszinssatz 
für 
die 
unmittelbar 
vorangehende 
Zinsperiode, 
wie 
zur 
jeweiligen 
Zeit 
nach 
Maßgabe 
dieses 
§ 3(2)(b) bestimmt.] 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in the 
Specified Currency is €STR, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung €STR ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(a) The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) will, 
except as provided below or in § 3(2)(b)-(d) 
[in case of Minimum Rate of Interest or 
Maximum Rate of Interest the following 
applies: or § 3(3)], be the [in case of the 
reference rate Compounded Daily €STR, 
the following applies: Compounded Daily 
€STR] [in case of the reference rate 
Compounded €STR Index, the following 
applies: Compounded €STR Index] (as 
defined below) determined on the Interest 
Determination Date (as defined below) [in 
case of a Margin the following applies: 
[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined 
below)], 
all 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in § 6(1)). 
 
(a) Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, 
sofern nachstehend oder in § 3(2)(b)-(d) [im 
Fall 
eines 
Mindestzinssatzes 
oder 
Höchstzinssatzes ist folgendes anwendbar: 
oder § 3(3)] nichts Abweichendes bestimmt 
wird, 
der 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
festgestellte 
[falls 
der 
Referenzsatz Compounded Daily €STR ist, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Compounded 
Daily €STR] [falls der Referenzssatz 
Compounded €STR Index ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Compounded €STR Index] 
(wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall einer 
Marge, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)], 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
(wie in § 6(1) definiert) erfolgen. 
Interest Period means each period from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
 
Zinsperiode 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
the first Interest Payment Date and from 
(and including) each Interest Payment Date 
to (but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment 
Date. 
 
Interest Determination Date means in 
respect of any Interest Period the [number] 
T2 Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for the relevant Interest 
Period (or the date falling [number] T2 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable). For that purpose, T2 Business 
Day or TBD means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which the real-time 
gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem (T2), or any successor system, 
is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro. 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf eine Zinsperiode den [Anzahl] T2-
Geschäftstag vor dem Zinszahlungstag für 
die jeweilige Zinsperiode (oder, falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen bereits früher fällig 
werden, [Anzahl] T2-Geschäftstage vor 
diesem früheren Tag). Dabei bezeichnet 
T2-Geschäftstag oder TGT einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem das real-time gross settlement system 
des 
Eurosystems 
(T2) 
oder 
ein 
Nachfolgesystem für die Abwicklung von 
Zahlungen in Euro betriebsbereit ist. 
[In case of a Margin, the following 
applies: Margin means [insert relevant 
Margin]% per annum.] 
 
[Im Fall einer Marge ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Marge 
beträgt 
[entsprechende Marge einfügen] % per 
annum.] 
Website means the website of the European 
Central Bank or any successor website 
officially designated by the European 
Central 
Bank 
or 
any 
successor 
administrator, as the case may be, on which 
the €STR (as defined below) is published. 
 
Internetseite bezeichnet die Internetseite 
der Europäischen Zentralbank oder eine 
von der Europäischen Zentralbank bzw. 
einem Nachfolge-Administrator offiziell 
benannten Nachfolge-Internetseite auf der 
der €STR (wie nachstehend definiert) 
veröffentlicht wird 
[In the case of the reference rate 
Compounded Daily €STR, the following is 
applicable: 
 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Compounded 
Daily €STR ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Compounded Daily €STR means in respect 
of any Interest Period the compound rate of 
return on an overnight deposit (with the 
daily Euro Short-Term Rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
pursuant to the following formula, rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Compounded Daily €STR bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den nach der 
Zinseszinsformel 
zu 
berechnenden 
Renditesatz einer Tagesgeldanlage (mit der 
täglichen Euro Short-Term Rate als 
Referenzsatz für die Zinsberechnung) und 
wird von der Berechnungsstelle am 
jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der 
folgenden 
Formel 
berechnet, 
falls 
erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐺𝑇𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Determination Period; 
 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
in der jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode;  
d0 means the number of T2 Business Days 
in the relevant Determination Period; 
 
d0 bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
T2-
Geschäftstage 
in 
der 
jeweiligen 
Feststellungsperiode;

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
€STR Reference Rate means in respect of 
any T2 Business Day (TBDx) a reference 
rate equal to the daily Euro short term rate 
(€STR) for such TBDx as published by the 
administrator of €STR at or around [9:00 
a.m.] [●] (Frankfurt time) on the Website 
on the T2 Business Day immediately 
following such TBDx; 
 
€STR Referenzsatz bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf einen T2-Geschäftstag (TGTx) einen 
Referenzsatz in Höhe des täglichen Euro 
Short Term Rate (€STR) Satzes für den 
betreffenden TGTx, der vom Administrator 
des €STR um ca. [9.00 Uhr] [●] 
(Frankfurter Zeit) am T2-Geschäftstag 
unmittelbar nach dem TGTx auf der 
Internetseite veröffentlicht wird;  
€STRi-pTBD means in respect of any T2 
Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Determination Period the €STR Reference 
Rate for [in the case of Lag method the 
following applies: the T2 Business Day 
falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to the 
relevant T2 Business Day "i"] [in the case 
of Shift method the following applies: that 
T2 Business Day "i"]; 
 
€STRi-pTGT bezeichnet für jeden T2-
Geschäftstag 
"i" 
in 
der 
jeweiligen 
Feststellungsperiode 
den 
€STR 
Referenzsatz [im Fall der Lag Methode ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: an dem T2-
Geschäftstag, der "p" T2-Geschäftstage 
vor dem jeweiligen T2-Geschäftstag "i" 
liegt,] [im Fall der Shift Methode ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
am 
T2-
Geschäftstag "i"]; 
Determination Period means [in the case 
of Shift method the following applies: 
Observation Period] [in the case of Lag 
method the following applies: Interest 
Period]; 
 
Feststellungsperiode bezeichnet [im Fall 
der 
Shift 
Methode 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Beobachtungszeitraum] [im 
Fall der Lag Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zinsperiode]; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one 
to "d0", each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first T2 Business Day in 
the relevant Determination Period; 
 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen 
von eins bis "do", die in chronologischer 
Folge jeweils einen T2-Geschäftstag vom, 
und 
einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
T2-
Geschäftstages 
der 
jeweiligen 
Feststellungsperiode wiedergeben; 
ni for any T2 Business Day "i" means the 
number of calendar days from and 
including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following T2 Business Day; and 
 
ni an jedem T2-Geschäftstag "i" bezeichnet 
die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag 
"i" (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden 
T2-Geschäftstag (ausschließlich); und 
p means [number of T2 Business Days]17. 
 
p bezeichnet [Anzahl T2-Geschäftstage]18. 
[In the case of Shift method the following 
applies: Observation Period means in 
respect of any Interest Period the period 
from and including the date falling "p" T2 
Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" T2 Business 
Day prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
T2 Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable).]] 
 
[Im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), 
welcher 
"p" 
T2-
Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem 
Tag (ausschließlich), welcher "p" T2-
Geschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den 
Tag, der "p" T2-Geschäftstage vor einem 
solchen 
früheren 
Tag 
liegt 
(falls 
vorhanden), 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
werden).]] 
[In the case of the Reference Rate 
Compounded €STR Index, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Compounded 
€STR Index ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
 
17  Shall not be less than five T2 Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
18  Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2-Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum 
zugestimmt.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
Compounded €STR Index means in 
respect of any Interest Period the 
compound rate of return on an overnight 
deposit (with the daily Euro Short-Term 
Rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to the 
following formula, rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
Compounded €STR Index bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den nach der 
Zinseszinsformel 
zu 
berechnenden 
Renditesatz einer Tagesgeldanlage (mit der 
täglichen Euro Short-Term Rate als 
Referenzsatz für die Zinsberechnung) und 
wird von der Berechnungsstelle am 
jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der 
folgenden 
Formel 
berechnet, 
falls 
erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
( €𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 360
𝑑 
 
(€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑𝑒
€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 360
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, €STR IndexStart to, but 
excluding, €STR IndexEnd; 
 
Dabei bezeichnet:  
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
von €STR IndexStart (einschließlich) bis 
€STR IndexEnde (ausschließlich); 
€STR 
IndexEnd 
means 
the 
€STR 
Compounded Index Value on the day 
which is [five] [●] T2 Business Days 19 
preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Period (or if 
the Notes are redeemed early, the date 
falling [five] [●] T2 Business Days20 prior 
to the date fixed for redemption) (the Index 
Determination DateEnd); 
 
€STR IndexEnde bezeichnet den €STR 
Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, der 
[fünf] [●] T2-Geschäftstage 21  vor dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
für 
die 
relevante 
Zinsperiode liegt (oder, im Falle einer 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, den Tag, der 
[fünf] [●] T2-Geschäftstage 22  vor dem 
festgelegten Rückzahlungstag liegt) (der 
Index-FeststellungstagEnde); 
€STR 
IndexStart 
means 
the 
€STR 
Compounded Index Value on the day 
which is [five] [●] T2 Business Days 23 
preceding the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period (an Index Determination 
DateStart and, together with the Index 
Determination DateEnd, each an Index 
Determination Date); und 
 
€STR IndexStart bezeichnet den €STR 
Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, der 
[fünf] [●] T2-Geschäftstage 24  vor dem 
ersten Tag der relevanten Zinsperiode liegt 
(der 
Index-FeststellungstagStart, 
und 
zusammen 
mit 
dem 
Index-
FeststellungstagEnde, jeweils ein Index-
Feststellungstag); und 
€STR Compounded Index Value means in 
respect of an Index Determination Date the 
value published as €STR Compounded 
Index Value by the administrator of the 
€STR Reference Rate or by another 
information vendor from time to time at 
[9:15 a.m.][●] (Frankfurt time) on such 
Index Determination Date. 
 
€STR Compounded Indexwert bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf einen Index-Feststellungstag 
den Wert, der als €STR Compounded 
Indexwert vom Administrator des €STR 
Referenzsatzes (wie nachstehend definiert) 
oder 
von 
einem 
anderen 
Finanzinformationsserver jeweils um [9:15 
Uhr][●] (Frankfurter Zeit) an einem 
solchen 
Index-Feststellungstag 
veröffentlicht wird. 
If, in respect of any Index Determination 
Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug auf 
einen 
Index-Feststellungstag 
feststellt, 
 
19  Shall not be less than five T2 Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
20  Shall not be less than five T2 Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
21  Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2-Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Rückschauzeitraum zugestimmt. 
22  Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2-Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Rückschauzeitraum zugestimmt. 
23  Shall not be less than five T2 Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
24  Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2-Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum 
zugestimmt.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
that the €STR Compounded Index Value is 
not available or has not otherwise been 
published or displayed by the administrator 
of the €STR Reference Rate or by another 
information vendor, as the case may be, the 
Compounded €STR Index for such Interest 
Period will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to the 
following formula, rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
dass der €STR Compounded Indexwert 
nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht auf andere 
Art und Weise vom Administrator des 
€STR Referenzsatzes bzw. von einem 
anderen 
Finanzinformationsserver 
veröffentlicht oder angezeigt wird, wird 
der Compounded €STR Index für eine 
solche 
Zinsperiode 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle am Zinsfestlegungstag 
nach der folgenden Formel berechnet, falls 
erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐺𝑇𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
im jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum; 
d0 means the number of T2 Business Days 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
 
d0 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der 
T2-
Geschäftstage 
im 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum; 
€STRi-pTBD means in respect of any T2 
Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the €STR Reference 
Rate for that T2 Business Day "i"; 
 
€STRi-pTGT bezeichnet für jeden T2-
Geschäftstag 
"i" 
im 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
den 
€STR 
Referenzsatz am T2-Geschäftstag "i"; 
€STR Reference Rate means in respect of 
any T2 Business Day (TBDx) a reference 
rate equal to the daily Euro short term rate 
(€STR) for such TBDx as published by the 
administrator of €STR at or around [9:00 
a.m.] [●] (Frankfurt time) on the Website 
on the T2 Business Day immediately 
following such TBDx; 
 
€STR Referenzsatz bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf einen T2-Geschäftstag (TGTx) einen 
Referenzsatz in Höhe des täglichen Euro 
Short Term Rate (€STR) Satzes für den 
betreffenden TGTx, der vom Administrator 
des €STR um ca. [9.00 Uhr] [●] 
(Frankfurter Zeit) am T2-Geschäftstag 
unmittelbar nach dem TGTx auf der 
Internetseite veröffentlicht wird; 
i means a series of whole numbers from 
one to "d0", each representing the relevant 
T2 Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first T2 Business 
Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen 
von eins bis "d0", die in chronologischer 
Folge jeweils einen T2-Geschäftstag vom, 
und 
einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
T2-
Geschäftstages 
des 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraums wiedergeben; 
ni for any T2 Business Day "i" means the 
number of calendar days from and 
including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following T2 Business Day; and 
 
ni an jedem T2-Geschäftstag "i" bezeichnet 
die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag 
"i" (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden 
T2-Geschäftstag (ausschließlich); und 
p means [number of T2 Business Day]25. 
 
p bezeichnet [Anzahl T2-Geschäftstage]26. 
Observation Period means in respect of 
any Interest Period the period from and 
including the date falling "p" T2 Business 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and ending on, but 
 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den Zeitraum 
von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher "p" 
T2-Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem 
 
25  Shall not be less than five T2 Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
26  Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2-Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum 
zugestimmt.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
excluding, the date falling "p" T2 Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
T2 Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable).] 
Tag (ausschließlich), welcher "p" T2-
Geschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den 
Tag, der "p" T2-Geschäftstage vor einem 
solchen 
früheren 
Tag 
liegt 
(falls 
vorhanden), 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
werden).] 
(b) If the €STR Reference Rate is not made 
available on a T2 Business Day as described 
in subparagraph (a) above and unless both 
an €STR Index Cessation Event and an 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, the €STR Reference Rate for such 
T2 Business Day shall be equal to the €STR 
in respect of the last T2 Business Day for 
which such rate was published on the 
Website. 
 
(b) Wird der €STR Referenzsatz an einem T2-
Geschäftstag nicht wie vorstehend in 
Buchstabe (a) beschrieben zur Verfügung 
gestellt, so ist der €STR-Referenzzinssatz 
für diesen T2-Geschäftstag gleich dem 
€STR für den letzten T2-Geschäftstag, für 
den dieser Zinssatz auf der Internetseite 
veröffentlicht wurde, sofern nicht sowohl 
ein €STR-Index-Einstellungsereignis als 
auch ein €STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetreten sind. 
(c) If the €STR Reference Rate is not made 
available on a T2 Business Day as described 
in subparagraph (a) above and both an €STR 
Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined by 
reference to the rate (including any interest 
rate spreads or interest rate adjustments) 
recommended as a substitute for the €STR 
by the European Central Bank or by a 
committee 
officially 
established 
or 
convened by the European Central Bank for 
the purpose of recommending a substitute 
for the €STR (as such substitute for the 
€STR may be determined by the European 
Central Bank or any other administrator 
appointed therefor). 
 
(c) Wird der €STR-Referenzsatz an einem T2-
Geschäftstag nicht wie vorstehend in 
Buchstabe (a) beschrieben zur Verfügung 
gestellt und sind sowohl ein €STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein €STR-
Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten, so 
wird der Zinssatz durch Bezugnahme auf 
den 
Zinssatz 
(einschließlich 
etwaiger 
Zinsspannen 
oder 
Zinsanpassungen) 
bestimmt, der von der Europäischen 
Zentralbank oder von einem Ausschuss, der 
von der Europäischen Zentralbank zum 
Zwecke der Empfehlung eines Ersatzes für 
den 
€STR 
offiziell 
eingesetzt 
oder 
einberufen wurde, als Ersatz für den €STR 
empfohlen wurde (wobei dieser Ersatz für 
den 
€STR 
von 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank oder einem anderen damit 
beauftragten 
Administrator 
bestimmt 
werden kann). 
(d) In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to such Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and 
excluding) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date. 
 
(d) Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß 
den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von der 
Berechnungsstelle bestimmt werden kann, 
soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten 
vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstages sein 
oder, 
(ii) 
wenn 
es 
keinen 
solchen 
vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstag gibt, 
der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
die 
erste 
Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, 
wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen 
Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste 
Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) begeben worden. 
(e) For purposes of subparagraphs (b) through 
(d) above, the following definitions apply: 
 
(e) Für 
die 
Zwecke 
der 
vorstehenden 
Buchstaben (b) bis (d) gelten die folgenden 
Definitionen:

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
 
€STR-Index-Einstellungsereignis 
bezeichnet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer 
der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) a public statement by the European 
Central 
Bank 
(or 
any 
successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it 
has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or the 
publication, 
there 
is 
no 
successor 
administrator that will provide €STR; or 
 
(i) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
der 
Europäischen Zentralbank (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators des €STR), in der 
sie ankündigt, dass sie den €STR dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr 
bestimmt 
oder 
bestimmen 
wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung oder Veröffentlichung kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen €STR zur Verfügung stellt; 
oder 
(ii) the publication of information which 
reasonably confirms that the European 
Central 
Bank 
(or 
any 
successor 
administrator of €STR) has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR. 
 
(ii) 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen, durch welche hinreichend 
bestätigt wird, dass die Europäische 
Zentralbank 
(oder 
ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator des €STR) den 
€STR dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen €STR zur Verfügung stellt. 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
means in respect of a €STR Index 
Cessation Event the date on which the 
European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) ceases to publish 
€STR, or the date of which €STR may no 
longer be used.] 
 
€STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein €STR-Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
die Europäische Zentralbank (oder ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator des €STR) den 
€STR nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder 
bestimmt.] 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in the 
Specified Currency is SOFR, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung SOFR ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(a) The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) will, 
except as provided below or in § 3(2)(b)-(f) 
[in case of Minimum Rate of Interest or 
Maximum Rate of Interest the following 
applies: or § 3(3)], be the [in case of the 
reference rate Compounded Daily SOFR, 
the following applies: Compounded Daily 
SOFR] [in case of the reference rate 
Compounded SOFR Index, the following 
applies: Compounded SOFR Index] (as 
defined below) determined on the Interest 
Determination Date (as defined below) [in 
case of a Margin the following applies: 
[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined 
below)], 
all 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
(as 
defined 
in 
§ 6(1)Error! 
Reference 
source 
not 
found.). 
 
(a) Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, 
sofern nachstehend oder in § 3(2)(b)-(f) [im 
Fall 
eines 
Mindestzinssatzes 
oder 
Höchstzinssatzes ist folgendes anwendbar: 
oder § 3(3)] nichts Abweichendes bestimmt 
wird, 
der 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
festgestellte 
[falls 
der 
Referenzsatz Compounded Daily SOFR 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Compounded 
Daily SOFR] [falls der Referenzssatz 
Compounded 
SOFR 
Index 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Compounded SOFR 
Index] (wie nachstehend definiert) [im Fall 
einer Marge, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)], 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
(wie in § 6(1)Error! Reference source not 
found. definiert) erfolgen. 
Interest Period means each period from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
 
Zinsperiode 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and from 
(and including) each Interest Payment Date 
to (but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
Interest Determination Date means in 
respect of any Interest Period the [number] 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for the 
relevant Interest Period (or the date falling 
[number] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable). 
For 
that 
purpose, 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day or 
USBD means any day, except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf eine Zinsperiode den [Anzahl] US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
für 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode 
(oder, 
falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bereits früher fällig 
werden, 
[Anzahl] 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage vor diesem früheren Tag). 
Dabei 
bezeichnet 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag oder USGT jeden Tag, 
ausgenommen Samstag, Sonntag oder 
einen Tag, für den die Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association die 
ganztägliche Schließung der Abteilungen 
für festverzinsliche Wertpapiere ihrer 
Mitglieder im Hinblick auf den Handel mit 
US-Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
[In case of a Margin, the following 
applies: Margin means [insert relevant 
Margin]% per annum.] 
 
[Im Fall einer Marge ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Marge 
beträgt 
[entsprechende Marge einfügen] % per 
annum.] 
Website means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor website officially designated by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or 
any successor administrator, as the case 
may be, on which the SOFR (as defined 
below) is published. 
 
Internetseite bezeichnet die Internetseite 
der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
oder eine von der Federal Reserve Bank of 
New 
York 
bzw. 
einem 
Nachfolge-
Administrator 
offiziell 
benannten 
Nachfolge-Internetseite auf der der SOFR 
(wie nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht 
wird. 
[In the case of the reference rate 
Compounded Daily SOFR, the following 
is applicable: 
 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Compounded 
Daily SOFR ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Compounded Daily SOFR means in 
respect of any Interest Period the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily US Dollar 
Overnight Financing Rate as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, 
pursuant to the following formula, rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Compounded Daily SOFR bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den nach der 
Zinseszinsformel 
zu 
berechnenden 
Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der US-
Dollar Overnight Financing Rate als 
Referenzsatz für die Zinsberechnung) und 
wird von der Berechnungsstelle am 
jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der 
folgenden 
Formel 
berechnet, 
falls 
erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐺𝑇𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Determination Period; 
 
Dabei bezeichnet:  
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
in der jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode;

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
d0 means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Determination Period; 
 
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 
in 
der 
jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode; 
Determination Period means [in the case 
of Shift method the following applies: 
Observation Period] [in the case of Lag 
method the following applies: Interest 
Period]; 
 
Feststellungsperiode bezeichnet [im Fall 
der 
Shift 
Methode 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Beobachtungszeitraum] [im 
Fall der Lag Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zinsperiode]; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one 
to "d0", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day 
Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Determination Period; 
 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen 
von eins bis "d0", die in chronologischer 
Folge jeweils einen US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, 
ersten US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstages 
der 
jeweiligen 
Feststellungsperiode 
wiedergeben; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" means the number of 
calendar days from and including such day 
"i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
 
ni 
an 
jedem 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag "i" bezeichnet die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage 
von 
dem 
Tag 
"i" 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich); 
p means [number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]27; and 
 
p bezeichnet [Anzahl US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage]28; und 
SOFRi-pUSBD means in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Determination Period 
the SOFR Reference Rate for [in the case 
of Lag method the following applies: the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"] 
[in the case of Shift method the following 
applies: that U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i"]; 
 
SOFRi-pUSGT bezeichnet für jeden US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i" in der 
jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode den SOFR 
Referenzsatz [im Fall der Lag Methode ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: an dem US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag, der "p" US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor dem 
jeweiligen US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag 
"i" liegt] [im Fall der Shift Methode ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
am 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i"]; 
SOFR Reference Rate means in respect of 
any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (USBDx) a reference rate equal to the 
daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR) for such USBDx as published by 
the administrator, Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, of SOFR until [3:00 p.m.] [●] 
(New York City time) on the Website on 
the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately following such USBDx; 
and 
 
SOFR Referenzsatz bezeichnet für jeden 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag (USGTx), 
einen Referenzsatz, der dem täglichen Satz 
der Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR) Satzes für den USGTx entspricht, 
wie er auf der Internetseite bis [15:00 Uhr] 
[●] (New York Zeit) an dem US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag, 
der 
unmittelbar 
auf 
den 
USGTx 
folgt, 
veröffentlicht wird und 
[In the case of Shift method the following 
applies: Observation Period means in 
respect of any Interest Period the period 
from and including the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest 
 
[Im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), 
welcher 
"p" 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor dem 
 
27  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter 
period. 
28  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
Period and ending on, but excluding, the 
date 
falling 
"p" 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable).]] 
ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
liegt, bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), 
welcher 
"p" 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den 
Tag, 
der 
"p" 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage vor einem solchen früheren 
Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
werden).]] 
[In the case of the Reference Rate 
Compounded SOFR Index, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Compounded 
SOFR Index, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Compounded SOFR Index means in 
respect of any Interest Period the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily US Dollar 
overnight Financing Rate as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, 
pursuant to the following formula, rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Compounded SOFR Index bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den nach der 
Zinseszinsformel 
zu 
berechnenden 
Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der täglichen 
US-Dollar Overnight Financing Rate als 
Referenzsatz für die Zinsberechnung) und 
wird von der Berechnungsstelle am 
jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der 
folgenden 
Formel 
berechnet, 
falls 
erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 360
𝑑 
 
(𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑𝑒
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 360
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, SOFR IndexStart to, but 
excluding, SOFR IndexEnd; 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
von SOFR IndexStart (einschließlich) bis 
SOFR IndexEnde (ausschließlich); 
SOFR 
IndexEnd 
means 
the 
SOFR 
Compounded Index Value on the day 
which is [five] [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days 29 preceding the 
Interest Payment Date relating to the 
relevant Interest Period (or if the Notes are 
redeemed early, the date falling [five] [●] 
U.S. Government Securities Business 30 
prior to the date fixed for redemption) (the 
Index Determination DateEnd); 
 
SOFR IndexEnde bezeichnet den SOFR 
Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, der 
[fünf] 
[●] 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage31 vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
für die relevante Zinsperiode liegt (oder, 
im Falle einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, den Tag, der 
[fünf] 
[●] 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 32  vor dem festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
liegt) 
(der 
Index-
FeststellungstagEnde); 
SOFR 
IndexStart 
means 
the 
SOFR 
Compounded Index Value on the day 
which is [five] [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days 33 preceding the 
 
SOFR IndexStart bezeichnet den SOFR 
Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, der 
[fünf] 
[●] 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 34  vor dem ersten Tag der 
 
29  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter 
period. 
30  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter 
period. 
31  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Zeitraum zugestimmt. 
32  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Zeitraum zugestimmt. 
33  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter 
period. 
34  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
first day of the relevant Interest Period (an 
Index 
Determination 
DateStart 
and, 
together with the Index Determination 
DateEnd, each an Index Determination 
Date); and 
relevanten Zinsperiode liegt (der Index-
FeststellungstagStart, und zusammen mit 
dem Index-FeststellungstagEnde, jeweils ein 
Index-Feststellungstag); und 
SOFR Compounded Index Value means in 
respect of an Index Determination Date the 
value published as SOFR Compounded 
Index Value by the administrator of the 
SOFR Reference Rate or by another 
information vendor from time to time at 
[3:00 p.m.] [●] (New York City time) on 
such Index Determination Date. 
 
SOFR Compounded Indexwert bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf einen Index-Feststellungstag 
den Wert, der als SOFR Compounded 
Indexwert vom Administrator des SOFR 
Referenzsatzes oder von einem anderen 
Finanzinformationsserver 
jeweils 
um 
[15:00 Uhr] [●] (New Yorker Zeit) an 
einem 
solchen 
Index-Feststellungstag 
veröffentlicht wird. 
If, in respect of any Index Determination 
Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the SOFR Compounded Index Value is 
not available or has not otherwise been 
published or displayed by the administrator 
of the SOFR Reference Rate or by another 
information vendor, as the case may be, the 
Compounded SOFR Index for such Interest 
Period will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to the 
following formula, rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug auf 
einen 
Index-Feststellungstag 
feststellt, 
dass der SOFR Compounded Indexwert 
nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht auf andere 
Art und Weise vom Administrator des 
SOFR Referenzsatzes bzw. von einem 
anderen 
Finanzinformationsserver 
veröffentlicht oder anzeigt wird, wird der 
Compounded SOFR Index für eine solche 
Zinsperiode von der Berechnungsstelle am 
Zinsfestlegungstag nach der folgenden 
Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich auf- 
oder 
abgerundet 
auf 
die 
fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, 
wobei 
0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐺𝑇𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
im jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum; 
d0 means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
 
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 
im 
jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum; 
i means a series of whole numbers from 
one to "d0", each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
in chronological order from, and including, 
the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen 
von eins bis "d0", die in chronologischer 
Folge jeweils einen US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, 
ersten US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstages 
des jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraums 
wiedergeben; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" means the number of 
calendar days from and including such day 
"i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
 
ni bezeichnet an jedem US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
"i" 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
von 
dem 
Tag 
"i" 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich);

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
p means [number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]35;  
 
p bezeichnet [Anzahl US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag]36; und 
SOFRi-pUSBD means in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Observation Period 
the SOFR Reference Rate for that U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; 
 
SOFRi-pUSGT bezeichnet für jeden US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
"i" 
im 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
den 
SOFR Referenzsatz am US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag "i"; 
SOFR Reference Rate means in respect of 
any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (USBDx) a reference rate equal to the 
daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR) for such USBDx as published by 
the administrator of SOFR until [3:00 p.m.] 
[●] (New York City time) on the Website 
on 
the 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day immediately following such 
USBDx; and 
 
SOFR Referenzsatz bezeichnet für jeden 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag (USGTx), 
einen Referenzsatz, der dem täglichen Satz 
der Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR) Satzes für den USGTx entspricht, 
wie er auf der Internetseite jeweils bis 
[15:00 Uhr] [●] (New York Zeit) an dem 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag, 
der 
unmittelbar 
auf 
den 
USGTx 
folgt, 
veröffentlicht wird; und 
Observation Period means in respect of 
any Interest Period the period from and 
including the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and ending on, but excluding, the 
date 
falling 
"p" 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable).] 
 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den Zeitraum 
von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher "p" 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor dem 
ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, 
bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher 
"p" US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
einer 
solchen 
Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der "p" 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 
vor 
einem solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls 
vorhanden), 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
werden).] 
(b) If the SOFR Reference Rate is not made 
available on a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as described in subparagraph 
(a) above and unless both a SOFR Index 
Cessation Event and a SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the 
SOFR Reference Rate for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day shall 
be equal to the SOFR in respect of the last 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
for which such rate was published on the 
Website. 
 
(b) Wird der SOFR Referenzsatz an einem US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag nicht wie 
vorstehend in Buchstabe (a) beschrieben zur 
Verfügung gestellt, so ist der SOFR-
Referenzzinssatz 
für 
diesen 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag gleich dem 
SOFR für den letzten US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag, für den dieser Zinssatz auf der 
Internetseite veröffentlicht wurde, sofern 
nicht 
sowohl 
ein 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein SOFR-
Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten sind. 
(c) If the SOFR Reference Rate is not made 
available on a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as described in subparagraph 
(a) above and both a SOFR Index Cessation 
Event and a SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined by reference to 
the rate (including any interest rate spreads 
or interest rate adjustments) recommended 
as a substitute for the SOFR by the Federal 
 
(c) Wird der SOFR-Referenzsatz an einem US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag nicht wie 
vorstehend in Buchstabe (a) beschrieben zur 
Verfügung gestellt und sind sowohl ein 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis als auch 
ein 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetreten, so wird der Zinssatz durch 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Zinssatz 
(einschließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen oder 
Zinsanpassungen) 
bestimmt, 
der 
vom 
 
35  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter 
period. 
36  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York or by a committee 
officially established or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose 
of recommending a substitute for the SOFR 
(as such substitute for the SOFR may be 
determined by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any other administrator 
appointed therefor). 
Federal Reserve Board und/oder von der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder 
von einem Ausschuss, der vom Federal 
Reserve Board und/oder von der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York zum Zwecke 
der Empfehlung eines Ersatzes für den 
SOFR offiziell eingesetzt oder einberufen 
wurde, als Ersatz für den SOFR empfohlen 
wurde (wobei dieser Ersatz für den SOFR 
von der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
oder einem anderen damit beauftragten 
Administrator bestimmt werden kann). 
(d) If no such rate has been recommended as 
described in paragraph (c) above within one 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
of the SOFR Index Cessation Event, then 
the Rate of Interest will be determined by 
applying the above provisions mutatis 
mutandis as if for each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day occurring on or 
after the SOFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date: 
 
(d) Falls ein solcher Zinssatz nicht wie in 
vorstehendem Buchstaben (c) beschrieben 
innerhalb 
eines 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstages nach dem SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis 
empfohlen 
wurde, 
wird der Zinssatz analog den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen bestimmt, mit der Maßgabe, 
dass 
für 
jeden 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag an oder nach dem SOFR-
Index- Einstellungsstichtag: 
(i) references to "SOFR" were references to 
the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
(OBFR) as provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate), on its website 
until 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on 
each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in New York City (New York 
City Business Day) in respect of the New 
York City Business Day immediately 
preceding such day (OBFR Reference 
Rate); 
 
(i) Bezugnahmen auf den "SOFR" als 
Bezugnahmen auf die tägliche Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate (der OBFR) gelten, die 
von der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York als Administrator dieses Zinssatzes 
(oder von einem Nachfolgeadministrator 
dieses Zinssatzes) auf seiner Internetseite 
jeweils bis 17:00 Uhr Ortszeit in New York 
City an jedem Tag (außer einem Samstag 
oder 
Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
die 
Geschäftsbanken in New York City für den 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr 
(einschließlich für den Handel mit Devisen 
und Einlagen in Fremdwährung) geöffnet 
sind (New Yorker Geschäftstag), in Bezug 
auf 
den 
diesem 
Tag 
unmittelbar 
vorangehenden New Yorker Geschäftstag 
zur Verfügung gestellt wird (OBFR-
Referenzzinssatz); 
(ii) references to "U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day" were references 
to "New York City Business Day"; 
 
(ii) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
einen 
"US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag" 
als 
Bezugnahmen auf einen "New Yorker 
Geschäftstag" gelten; 
(iii) references to "SOFR Index Cessation 
Event" were references to "OBFR Index 
Cessation Event"; 
 
(iii) Bezugnahmen auf ein "SOFR-Index- 
Einstellungsereignis" als Bezugnahmen 
auf 
ein 
"OBFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis" gelten; 
(iv) references to "SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date" were references to "OBFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date"; and 
 
(iv) Bezugnahmen auf einen "SOFR-
Index- 
Einstellungsstichtag" 
als 
Bezugnahmen auf einen "OBFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag" gelten; und 
(v) references to the "Website" were 
references to the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor website officially designated by 
 
(v) Bezugnahmen auf die "Internetseite" 
als Bezugnahmen auf die Internetseite der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder 
eine von der Federal Reserve Bank of New

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or 
any successor administrator, as the case 
may be, on which the OBFR is published. 
York bzw. einem Nachfolge-Administrator 
offiziell benannten Nachfolge-Internetseite 
auf der der OBFR veröffentlicht wird, 
gelten. 
(e) If no such rate has been recommended as 
described in paragraph (c) above within one 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
of the SOFR Index Cessation Event and an 
OBFR Index Cessation Event has occurred, 
then the Rate of Interest will be determined 
by applying the above provisions mutatis 
mutandis as if, for each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day occurring on or 
after the later of the SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date and the OBFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date: 
 
(e) Falls ein solcher Zinssatz nicht wie in 
obigem 
Buchstaben 
(c) 
beschrieben 
innerhalb 
eines 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstages nach dem SOFR- Index-
Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde und 
ein 
OBFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis 
eingetreten ist, wird der Zinssatz analog den 
vorstehenden Bestimmungen bestimmt, mit 
der 
Maßgabe, 
dass 
für 
jeden 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag an oder nach 
dem SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag oder 
dem OBFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag (je 
nachdem, welches der spätere Termin ist): 
(i) references to the "SOFR Reference 
Rate" were references to the short-term 
interest rate target set by the Federal Open 
Market Committee and published on the 
website of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System or any successor 
website of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System or, if the Federal 
Open Market Committee does not target a 
single rate, the mid-point of the short-term 
interest rate target range set by the Federal 
Open Market Committee and published on 
the website of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System or any 
successor website of the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
(calculated as the arithmetic average of the 
upper bound of the target range and the 
lower bound of the target range, rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest second decimal 
place, 0.005 being rounded upwards); 
 
(i) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
den 
"SOFR-
Referenzsatz" als Bezugnahmen auf das 
durch das Federal Open Market Committee 
festgesetzte und auf der Internetseite des 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System oder einer Nachfolge-Internetseite 
des Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve 
System 
veröffentlichte 
kurzfristige 
Zinssatzziel 
(short-term 
interest rate target) oder, falls das Federal 
Open Market Committee nicht einen 
einzelnen Zinssatz als Ziel setzt, das Mittel 
der vom Federal Open Market Committee 
festgesetzten und auf der Internetseite des 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System oder einer Nachfolge-Internetseite 
des Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve 
System 
veröffentlichten 
Bandbreite des kurzfristigen Zinssatzziels 
(berechnet 
als 
arithmetisches 
Mittel 
zwischen der oberen Grenze der Ziel-
Bandbreite und der unteren Grenze der 
Ziel-Bandbreite, 
welches, 
falls 
erforderlich, auf die zweite Dezimalstelle 
mit der Maßgabe gerundet wird, dass 0,005 
aufgerundet wird) gelten; 
(ii) references to "U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day" were references 
to the website of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System or any 
successor website of the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System; 
and 
 
(ii) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
einen 
"US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag" 
als 
Bezugnahmen auf einen "New Yorker 
Geschäftstag" gelten; und 
(iii) references to the "Website" were 
references to the website of the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
or 
any 
successor 
website 
officially 
designated by the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System or any 
successor administrator, as the case may 
 
(iii) Bezugnahmen auf die "Internetseite" 
als Bezugnahmen auf die Internetseite des 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System oder eine von dem Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
bzw. 
einem 
Nachfolge-Administrator 
offiziell benannten Nachfolge-Internetseite

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
be, on which the short-term interest rate 
target is published. 
auf der das kurzfristige Zinssatzziel 
veröffentlicht wird, gelten. 
(f) In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to such Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and 
excluding) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date. 
 
(f) Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß 
den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von der 
Berechnungsstelle bestimmt werden kann, 
soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten 
vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstages sein 
oder, 
(ii) 
wenn 
es 
keinen 
solchen 
vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstag gibt, 
der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
die 
erste 
Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, 
wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen 
Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste 
Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) begeben worden.  
(g) For purposes of subparagraphs (b) through 
(f) above, the following definitions shall 
apply: 
 
(g) Für 
die 
Zwecke 
der 
vorstehenden 
Buchstaben (b) bis (f) gelten die folgenden 
Definitionen: 
SOFR Index Cessation Event means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis 
bezeichnet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer 
der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) a public statement by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor 
administrator 
of 
SOFR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to 
provide 
SOFR 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue 
to provide SOFR; or 
 
(i) eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators des SOFR), in der 
sie ankündigt, dass sie den SOFR dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr 
bestimmt 
oder 
bestimmen 
wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung oder Veröffentlichung kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen SOFR zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder 
(ii) the publication of information which 
reasonably confirms that the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor administrator of SOFR) has 
ceased or will cease to provide SOFR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide 
SOFR; or 
 
(ii) 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen, durch welche hinreichend 
bestätigt wird, dass die Federal Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(oder 
ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator des SOFR) den 
SOFR dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen SOFR zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder 
(iii) a public statement by a U.S. regulator 
or other U.S. official sector entity 
prohibiting the use of SOFR that applies to, 
but need not be limited to, all swap 
transactions, including existing swap 
transactions. 
 
(iii) eine öffentliche Erklärung einer US- 
Regulierungsbehörde oder einer anderen 
öffentlichen Stelle der Vereinigten Staaten, 
welche 
die 
Anwendung 
des 
SOFR 
verbietet und die zumindest auf sämtliche 
Swapgeschäfte (einschließlich bestehender 
Swapgeschäfte) Anwendung findet. 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
means in respect of a SOFR Index 
Cessation Event the date on which the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor administrator of SOFR), ceases 
 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein SOFR-Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
die Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator des 
SOFR) 
den 
SOFR 
nicht 
mehr

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
to publish SOFR, or the date as of which 
SOFR may no longer be used. 
veröffentlicht, oder den Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
der SOFR nicht mehr verwendet werden 
darf. 
OBFR Index Cessation Event means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
 
OBFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis 
bezeichnet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer 
der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) a public statement by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor 
administrator 
of 
OBFR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to 
provide 
OBFR 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue 
to provide OBFR; or 
 
(i) eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators des OBFR), in 
der sie ankündigt, dass sie den OBFR 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht 
mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung oder Veröffentlichung kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen OBFR zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder 
(ii) the publication of information which 
reasonably confirms that the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor administrator of OBFR) has 
ceased or will cease to provide OBFR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide 
OBFR; or 
 
(ii) 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen, durch welche hinreichend 
bestätigt wird, dass die Federal Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(oder 
ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator des OBFR) den 
OBFR dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte 
Zeit nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit 
kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der 
weiterhin einen OBFR zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder 
(iii) a public statement by a U.S. regulator 
or other U.S. official sector entity 
prohibiting the use of OBFR that applies to, 
but need not be limited to, all swap 
transactions, including existing swap 
transactions. 
 
(iii) eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine 
US- Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere 
öffentliche Stelle der Vereinigten Staaten, 
welche 
die 
Anwendung 
des 
OBFR 
verbietet und die zumindest auf sämtliche 
Swapgeschäfte (einschließlich bestehender 
Swapgeschäfte) Anwendung findet. 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
means in respect of a OBFR Index 
Cessation Event the date on which the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor administrator of OBFR), ceases 
to publish OBFR, or the date as of which 
OBFR may no longer be used.] 
 
OBFR-Index 
Einstellungsstichtag 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein OBFR-Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
die Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator des 
OBFR) 
den 
OBFR 
nicht 
mehr 
veröffentlicht, oder den Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
der OBFR nicht mehr verwendet werden 
darf.] 
[In case of a Minimum Rate of Interest, the 
following applies: 
 
[Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Minimum Rate of Interest. 
 
(3) Mindestzinssatz. 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [Minimum Rate of 
Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Minimum Rate of Interest].] 
 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für 
eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist 
als [Mindestzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz].]

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
[In case of a Maximum Rate of Interest the 
following applies: 
 
[Im Fall eines Höchstzinssatzes ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(4) Maximum Rate of Interest. 
 
(4) Höchstzinssatz. 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [Maximum Rate of 
Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Maximum Rate of Interest].] 
 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für 
eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als 
[Höchstzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz].] 
[(5)] Interest Amount. 
 
[(5)] Zinsbetrag. 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate 
of Interest and calculate the amount of interest 
(the Interest Amount) payable on the Notes in 
respect of each Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below) to each Specified Denomination and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of 
the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit 
being rounded upwards. 
 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
zu 
oder 
baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der 
Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Zinssatz 
bestimmen 
und 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in 
Bezug auf jede Festgelegte Stückelung (der 
Zinsbetrag) für die entsprechende Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem 
der Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) auf jede Festgelegte 
Stückelung angewendet werden, wobei der 
resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der 
Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet 
wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet 
werden. 
[(6)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount. 
 
[(6)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. 
 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period, each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer 
[in the case of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland 
or Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: 
and the Guarantor] and if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are from 
time to time listed, to such stock exchange as 
soon as possible after their determination. 
Furthermore, the Calculation Agent will cause 
the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for 
each Interest Period, each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date for notification to 
the Holders in accordance with § 12 to be 
published as soon as possible on the website of 
the stock exchange on which the Issuer has 
initiated the listing of the Notes or to deliver the 
relevant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date 
so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be promptly notified 
to any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode und der 
betreffende Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin [bei 
von Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und der Garantin] sowie 
jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst nach der 
Bestimmung mitgeteilt werden. Ferner wird die 
Berechnungsstelle veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, 
der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode und der betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag zur Mitteilung gegenüber den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 12 baldmöglichst auf der 
Internetseite der Börse, an der die Emittentin das 
Listing der Schuldverschreibungen veranlasst 
hat, veröffentlicht wird bzw. dem Clearing 
System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger 
übermittelt wird. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder 
Verkürzung 
der 
Zinsperiode 
können 
der 
mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne 
Vorankündigung nachträglich geändert (oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungs-regelungen 
getroffen) werden. Jede solche Änderung wird 
umgehend 
allen 
Börsen, 
an 
denen 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
then listed and to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 12. 
notiert sind, sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 
mitgeteilt. 
[(7)] Determinations Binding. 
 
[(7)] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. 
All certificates, communications, opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for 
the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, [in the 
case of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: the 
Guarantor,] the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Holders. 
 
Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle 
für die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern 
nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die 
Emittentin, [bei von Fresenius Ireland oder 
Fresenius 
Ireland 
II 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: die Garantin,], die Emissionsstelle, 
die Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend.  
[(8)] Accrual of Interest. 
 
[(8)] Auflaufende Zinsen. 
The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the 
expiry of the day preceding the day on which they 
are due for redemption. If the Issuer for any 
reason fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest shall continue to accrue at the default rate 
of interest established by statutory law37 on the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes from (and including) the due date to (but 
excluding) the day on which such redemption 
payment is made to the Holders. 
 
Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen endet 
mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an 
dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Fälligkeit 
aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund 
nicht 
zurückzahlt, 
wird 
der 
ausstehende 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
von dem Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis 
zum Tag der vollständigen Rückzahlung an die 
Gläubiger (ausschließlich) mit dem gesetzlich 
bestimmten Verzugszins38 verzinst. 
[(9)] Day Count Fraction. 
 
[(9)] Zinstagequotient. 
Day Count Fraction means with regard to the 
calculation of the amount of interest on the Notes 
for any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung 
von 
Zinsbeträgen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der Zinsberechnungszeitraum): 
[In case of Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 oder Actual/Actual, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365).] 
 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr 
fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl 
der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, dividiert durch 366, 
und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der nicht in das 
Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
dividiert 
durch 
365).] 
[In the case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following 
applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[In the case of Actual/360 the following applies: 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Actual/360, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
 
37  The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code. 
38  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu 
Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.] 
 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
§ 4 
(PAYMENTS) 
 
§ 4 
(ZAHLUNGEN) 
(1) Payment of Principal and Payment of Interest. 
 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zahlung von Zinsen. 
(a) Payment of principal in respect of the Notes 
shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
(a) Zahlungen 
von 
Kapital 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen 
nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
(b) Payment of Interest on the Notes shall be 
made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant account holders 
of the Clearing System. 
 
(b) Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary 
Global Note, the following applies: Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde ist folgendes anwendbar: Die 
Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, 
die durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, 
und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung 
gemäß § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) Manner of Payment. 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. 
Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due in respect 
of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen in der Festgelegten 
Währung. 
(3) Discharge. 
 
(3) Erfüllung. 
The Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the 
following applies: or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor] shall be discharged by payment to, or 
to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
Die Emittentin [bei von Fresenius Ireland oder 
Fresenius 
Ireland 
II 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: bzw. die Garantin] wird durch 
Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Payment Business Day. 
 
(4) Zahltag. 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect 
of any Note is not a Payment Business Day then 
the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next such day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay. 
 
Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der 
kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag 
am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist 
nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu 
verlangen. 
For these purposes, Payment Business Day 
means any day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which is the Clearing System is 
operational 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet Zahltag einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) an dem das 
Clearingsystem betriebsbereit ist

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
[In the case the Notes are not denominated in 
Euro, the following applies: and on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle 
payments 
in 
[relevant 
financial 
center(s)][.]]  
 
[Im Fall von nicht auf Euro lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: und an dem Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen 
in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln[.]]  
[In the case the Notes are denominated in Euro, 
the following applies: as well as all relevant parts 
of T2 are operational to forward the relevant 
payment.] 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
auf 
Euro 
lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des 
T2 betriebsbereit sind, um die betreffenden 
Zahlungen weiterzuleiten.] 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. 
 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: [if the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other 
than tax reasons or reasons of minimal 
outstanding aggregate principal amount, the 
following applies: the Call Redemption Amount 
of the Notes;] [If the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Transaction Trigger Event the 
following applies: the Event Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] [if the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Holder other 
than for reason of a Change of Control the 
following applies: the Put Redemption Amount 
of the Notes;] and any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 7. 
 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden 
Beträge ein: [falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als 
steuerlichen Gründen oder aufgrund eines 
geringen 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei Eintritt 
eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses 
zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls der Gläubiger 
ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen, 
außer bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels, 
vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
den 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag 
sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche 
gemäß 
§ 7 
zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. 
The Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the 
following applies: or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor] may deposit with the local court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt/Main principal or 
interest not claimed by Holders within 30 days 
after the relevant due date, even though such 
Holders may not be in default of acceptance of 
payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is 
effected and the right of withdrawal is waived, 
the respective claims of such Holders against the 
Issuer shall cease. 
 
Die Emittentin [bei von Fresenius Ireland oder 
Fresenius 
Ireland 
II 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: bzw. die Garantin] ist berechtigt, 
beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den 
Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
dem betreffenden Fälligkeitstag beansprucht 
worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht 
in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die 
diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen 
die Emittentin. 
§ 5 
(REDEMPTION) 
 
§ 5 
(RÜCKZAHLUNG) 
(1) Final Redemption. 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part 
or purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall be 
redeemed at their principal amount on the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [Redemption Month] 
(the Maturity Date).  
 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem 
Nennbetrag am in den [Rückzahlungsmonat] 
fallenden Zinszahlungstag (der Fälligkeitstag) 
zurückgezahlt.  
(2) Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer for 
Reasons of Taxation. 
 
(2) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of any Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction (as defined in § 7 herein) or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or 
therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay 
duties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations (including 
the enactment of any legislation and the 
publication of any judicial decision or regulatory 
determination), which amendment or change is 
effective on or after the date on which the last 
tranche of this series of Notes was issued, the 
Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the following 
applies: or the Guarantor, as the case may be,] is 
required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined 
in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this 
obligation cannot be avoided by the use of 
reasonable measures available to the Issuer [in 
the case of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: or 
the Guarantor, as the case may be,] the Notes may 
be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the 
option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' 
nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
§ 12 to the Holders, at their principal amount, 
together with interest (if any) accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption (excluding).  
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin 
mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht mehr als 60 
und nicht weniger als 30 Tagen durch Erklärung 
gegenüber 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
Benachrichtigung gemäß § 12 gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
Nennbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls 
die Emittentin [bei von Fresenius Ireland oder 
Fresenius 
Ireland 
II 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: oder die Garantin] als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder 
Abgabengesetze 
und 
-vorschriften 
einer 
Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion (wie in § 7 dieser 
Bedingungen definiert) oder deren politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der 
Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung 
dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (einschließlich 
des 
Erlasses 
von 
Gesetzen 
sowie 
Bekanntmachung 
gerichtlicher 
oder 
aufsichtsrechtlicher 
Entscheidungen) 
(vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung 
wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3(1) definiert) zur 
Zahlung von Zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 
dieser Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein 
wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen zumutbarer, der Emittentin [bei von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: oder der Garantin] zur 
Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden 
werden kann. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland II, the following applies: or the 
Guarantor] would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the 
following applies: or the Guarantee] then due, or 
(ii) if at the time such notice is given, such 
obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin [bei von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: oder die Garantin] 
verpflichtet wäre, solche Zusätzlichen Beträge zu 
zahlen, 
falls 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen [bei von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: oder die Garantie] dann fällig sein

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
not remain in effect. The date fixed for 
redemption must be an Interest Payment Date. 
würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Kündigung erklärt wird, 
die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. Der für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegte Termin muss ein 
Zinszahlungstag sein. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with 
§ 12. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and must set forth a 
statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem.  
 
Eine 
solche 
Kündigung 
ist 
gemäß 
§ 12 
bekanntzumachen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin 
nennen und eine zusammenfassende Erklärung 
enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der 
Emittentin begründenden Umständen darlegt. 
Before the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by an executive director of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an 
opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of 
recognized standing to the effect that the Issuer 
[in the case of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland 
or Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be,] has or will 
become obliged to pay such Additional Amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. 
 
Vor Bekanntgabe einer Mitteilung über eine 
Rückzahlung gemäß diesen Bestimmungen hat 
die Emittentin der Emissionsstelle eine von 
einem 
Mitglied 
der 
Geschäftsleitung 
der 
Emittentin 
unterzeichnete 
Bescheinigung 
zukommen zu lassen, der zufolge die Emittentin 
berechtigt ist, eine entsprechende Rückzahlung 
zu leisten, und in der nachvollziehbar dargelegt 
ist, dass die Bedingungen für das Recht der 
Emittentin zur Rückzahlung gemäß diesen 
Bestimmungen erfüllt sind; zusätzlich hat die 
Emittentin 
ein 
von 
unabhängigen 
und 
anerkannten 
Rechts- 
oder 
Steuerberatern 
erstelltes Gutachten vorzulegen, demzufolge die 
Emittentin [bei von Fresenius Ireland oder 
Fresenius 
Ireland 
II 
begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: oder die Garantin] in Folge einer 
entsprechenden Änderung oder Ergänzung zur 
Zahlung Zusätzlicher Beträge verpflichtet ist 
oder sein wird. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal 
Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount, the 
following applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Gesamtnennbetrag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar:  
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal 
Amount. 
 
(3) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringfügig 
ausstehendem 
Nennbetrag.  
If 80% or more in principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased by the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland II, the following applies:, Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA] or any Subsidiary of Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA, the Issuer may, on not less than 30 
or more than 60 days' notice to the Holders of 
Notes redeem, at its option, the remaining Notes 
as a whole at their principal amount, together 
with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption (excluding).]  
 
Wenn 80% oder mehr des Nennbetrags der dann 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der Fresenius 
Ireland oder der Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar:, Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA] oder eine Tochtergesellschaft von 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA zurückgezahlt oder 
zurückerworben wurde, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum 
Nennbetrag 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurück zu zahlen.]

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event, the following applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereignisses 
vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
(4) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event. 
 
(4) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
Benchmark-
Ereignisses. 
If a Benchmark Event has occurred and it is not 
possible, in the Issuer's opinion, to determine a 
Replacement Offered Interest Rate in accordance 
with § 3(2)(b)(i) or an Alternative Offered 
Interest Rate in accordance with § 3(2)(b)(ii), the 
Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more than 
60 days' notice to the Holders, redeem, at its 
option, all of the Notes at their principal amount, 
together with interest (if any) accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption (excluding).] 
 
Falls ein Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist und 
es nach Auffassung der Emittentin nicht möglich 
ist, einen Ersatz-Angebotssatz gemäß § 3(2)(b)(i) 
oder 
einen 
Alternativ-Angebotssatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(2)(b)(ii) zu bestimmen, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
nach 
ihrer 
Wahl 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt mit einer Frist 
von mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum 
Nennbetrag 
nebst 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a €STR 
Index Cessation Event and €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date, the following applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar:  
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a €STR Index Cessation 
Event and €STR Index Cessation Effective Date. 
 
[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines €STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag. 
If a €STR Index Cessation Event and a €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred 
and the Rate of Interest shall be determined in 
accordance with § 3(2)(d), the Issuer may, on not 
less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to the 
Holders, redeem, at its option, all of the Notes at 
their principal amount, together with interest (if 
any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(excluding).] 
 
Falls ein €STR-Index-Einstellungsereignis und 
ein 
€STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetreten sind und der Zinssatz gemäß § 3 
(2)(d) bestimmt werden soll, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
nach 
ihrer 
Wahl 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt mit einer Frist 
von mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum 
Nennbetrag 
nebst 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date, the following applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar:  
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a SOFR Index Cessation 
Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date. 
 
[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag. 
If a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred 
and the Rate of Interest shall be determined in 
accordance with § 3(2)(f), the Issuer may, on not 
less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to the 
Holders, redeem, at its option, all of the Notes at 
their principal amount, together with interest (if 
 
Falls ein SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis und 
ein 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetreten sind und der Zinssatz gemäß § 3 
(2)(f) bestimmt werden soll, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
nach 
ihrer 
Wahl 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt mit einer Frist 
von mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum 
Nennbetrag 
nebst 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(excluding).] 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.] 
[If the Holders may request the repurchase of the 
Notes upon a Change of Control, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls 
die 
Gläubiger 
bei 
Vorliegen 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
den 
Ankauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verlangen 
können, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(5) Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders 
upon a Change of Control. 
 
(5) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels. 
Each Holder of the Notes, upon the occurrence of 
a Change of Control Triggering Event, will have 
the right (unless, prior to the giving of the Put 
Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives 
notice to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
§ 5(2), i.e. for taxation reasons) to require that the 
Issuer repurchases such Holder's Notes on the 
Optional Redemption Date at a purchase price in 
cash equal to 101% of the principal amount 
together with interest (if any) accrued to the 
Optional Redemption Date (excluding). 
 
 
Falls ein Kontrollwechselereignis stattfindet, hat 
jeder Gläubiger das Recht (soweit die Emittentin 
nicht bereits vor Abgabe der Vorzeitigen 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) die Rückzahlung gemäß § 5(2), d.h. aus 
steuerlichen Gründen, erklärt hat) von der 
Emittentin am Stichtag den Rückkauf seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen zu einem Kaufpreis von 
101% des Nennbetrags zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zum Stichtag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zu verlangen. 
In this context the following provisions apply: 
 
In diesem Zusammenhang finden die folgenden 
Vorschriften Anwendung: 
Change of Control Triggering Event means the 
occurrence of a Change of Control together with 
a Ratings Decline. 
 
Ein Kontrollwechselereignis liegt vor, wenn ein 
Kontrollwechsel 
zusammen 
mit 
einer 
Ratingherabstufung eintreten. 
Rating Agency means (1) S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited and its subsidiaries or successors 
(S&P), (2) Moody's Deutschland GmbH and its 
subsidiaries or successors (Moody's), and (3) 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and its subsidiaries 
or successors (Fitch), or (4) if S&P, Moody's or 
Fitch, or all three shall not make a rating of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA publicly available, a 
European-wide reputable securities rating agency 
or agencies, as the case may be, selected by 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, which shall be 
substituted for S&P, Moody's or Fitch or all three, 
as the case may be. 
 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet (1) S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited sowie deren Tochter- 
oder 
Nachfolgegesellschaften 
(S&P), 
(2) 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH sowie deren 
Tochter- 
oder 
Nachfolgegesellschaften 
(Moody's), (3) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
sowie 
deren 
Tochter- 
oder 
Nachfolgegesellschaften (Fitch), oder (4) falls 
S&P, Moody's oder Fitch oder alle drei kein 
Rating für Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA öffentlich 
zur Verfügung stellen, eine Ratingagentur oder 
Ratingagenturen mit europaweitem Ansehen, die 
von Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA ausgewählt wird 
und S&P, Moody's oder Fitch oder alle diese 
Agenturen ersetzt. 
Ratings Decline means that if, at the time of the 
occurrence of a Change of Control, Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA has been, from any Rating Agency 
it has solicited, (a) rated Investment Grade and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is, within 
120 days from such time, either downgraded to a 
non-investment grade rating or withdrawn and is 
not within such 120-day period subsequently (in 
the case of a downgrade) upgraded to Investment 
Grade by such Rating Agency or (in the case of 
withdrawal) replaced by an Investment Grade 
rating from any other Rating Agency; or (b) rated 
below Investment Grade and such rating from 
any Rating Agency is, within 120 days from such 
time, downgraded by one or more gradations 
(including gradations within Rating Categories as 
well as between Rating Categories) and is not 
within such 120-day period subsequently 
 
Eine 
Ratingherabstufung 
liegt 
vor, 
falls 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (aufgrund einer 
Beauftragung durch Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA) 
bei Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels von einer 
Ratingagentur (a) mit Investment Grade bewertet 
ist und dieses Rating von einer Ratingagentur 
innerhalb 
von 
120 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
Kontrollwechsel zu einem non-investment grade 
Rating 
herabgestuft 
oder 
das 
Rating 
zurückgezogen wurde und nicht innerhalb dieser 
120-Tagesperiode anschließend (im Falle einer 
Herabstufung) durch diese Ratingagentur wieder 
auf ein Investment Grade Rating heraufgestuft 
oder (im Falle eines Zurückziehens) durch das 
Investment 
Grade 
Rating 
einer 
anderen 
Ratingagentur ersetzt wurde; oder (b) unterhalb 
von Investment Grade bewertet ist und dieses 
Rating von einer Ratingagentur innerhalb von

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by 
such Rating Agency, provided that if at the time 
of the occurrence of the Change of Control 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA carries a rating from 
more than one Rating Agency, at least one of 
which is Investment Grade, then sub-paragraph 
(a) will apply; and in making the relevant 
decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating 
Agency announces publicly or confirms in 
writing to Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA that such 
decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the 
occurrence of the Change of Control. 
Provided however that, no Ratings Decline will 
occur if at the end of the 120-day period 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA has been rated by at 
least two Rating Agencies, it has solicited, 
Investment Grade. 
120 Tagen nach dem Kontrollwechsel um eine 
oder 
mehrere 
Stufen 
(einschließlich 
Untergliederungen innerhalb von sowie zwischen 
Ratingkategorien) 
herabgestuft 
und 
nicht 
innerhalb dieser 120-Tagesperiode anschließend 
wieder auf das ursprüngliche oder ein besseres 
Rating durch diese Ratingagentur heraufgestuft 
wurde; wobei, falls Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
zum Zeitpunkt des Eintritts des Kontrollwechsels 
über ein Rating von mehr als einer Ratingagentur 
verfügt, von denen mindestens eines ein 
Investment Grade Rating ist, Absatz (a) 
Anwendung findet; und im Zusammenhang mit 
einer der oben genannten Entscheidungen die 
betreffende Ratingagentur öffentlich bekannt 
macht oder gegenüber Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
schriftlich bestätigt, dass diese Entscheidung 
ganz oder teilweise auf den Kontrollwechsel 
zurückzuführen ist. 
Eine Ratingherabstufung liegt jedoch nicht vor, 
falls Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (aufgrund einer 
Beauftragung durch Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA) 
am Ende der 120-Tagesperiode von mindestens 
zwei Ratingagenturen mit Investment Grade 
bewertet wird.  
Rating Category means:  
 
Ratingkategorie bezeichnet: 
(a) with respect to S&P or Fitch, any of the 
following categories: BB, B, CCC, CC, C 
and D (or equivalent successor categories), 
 
(a) in Bezug auf S&P oder Fitch eine der 
folgenden Kategorien: BB, B, CCC, CC, C 
und 
D 
(bzw. 
entsprechende 
Nachfolgekategorien); 
(b) with respect to Moody's, any of the 
following categories: Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C and 
D (or equivalent successor categories), and 
 
(b) in Bezug auf Moody's eine der folgenden 
Kategorien: Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C und D (bzw. 
entsprechende Nachfolgekategorien); und 
(c) the equivalent of any such category of S&P, 
Moody's or Fitch used by another rating 
agency in determining whether the rating of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA has decreased by 
one or more gradations, gradations within 
rating categories ("+" and "-" for S&P, "1", 
"2" and "3" for Moody's, "+" and "-" for 
Fitch; or the equivalent gradations for 
another rating agency) shall be taken into 
account (e.g., with respect to S&P, a decline 
in a rating from BB+ to BB, as well as from 
BB- to B+, will constitute a decrease of one 
gradation). 
 
(c) diesen Kategorien von S&P oder Moody's 
oder Fitch entsprechende Ratingkategorien 
einer anderen Ratingagentur. Bei der 
Bestimmung, ob das Rating von Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA um eine oder mehrere 
Stufen herabgestuft wurde, werden die 
jeweiligen 
Ratingkategorien 
weiter 
untergliedernde Zusätze ("+" und "-" bei 
S&P, "1", "2" und "3" bei Moody's, "+" und 
"-" bei Fitch bzw. entsprechende Zusätze 
anderer Ratingagenturen) berücksichtigt 
(z. B. 
entspricht 
bei 
S&P 
eine 
Ratingänderung von BB+ auf BB oder von 
BB- auf B+ jeweils einer Herabstufung um 
eine Stufe). 
Investment Grade means a rating of (i) BBB- or 
higher by S&P and Fitch and, (ii) Baa3 or higher 
by Moody's, or the equivalent of such ratings by 
S&P, Moody's or Fitch and the equivalent in 
respect of rating categories of any Rating 
Agencies substituted for S&P, Moody's or Fitch.  
 
Investment Grade bezeichnet ein Rating von (i) 
BBB- oder höher im Fall von S&P und Fitch und 
(ii) Baa3 oder höher im Fall von Moody's, oder 
das entsprechende Äquivalent dieser Ratings im 
Fall von S&P, Moody's oder Fitch sowie das 
entsprechende 
Äquivalent 
in 
den 
Ratingkategorien einer anderen Ratingagentur, 
durch die S&P, Moody's oder Fitch ersetzt wurde.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
A Change of Control means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events: 
 
Ein Kontrollwechsel bezeichnet den Eintritt eines 
oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse:  
(a) so long as Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is 
organized as a KGaA, if the General Partner 
of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA charged with 
the management of Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA shall at any time fail to be a 
Subsidiary 
of 
Else 
Kröner-Fresenius-
Stiftung, or if Else Kröner-Fresenius-
Stiftung shall fail at any time to own or 
control more than 10% of the capital stock 
with ordinary voting power in Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA;  
 
(a) so lange Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA die 
Rechtsform einer KGaA hat: Wenn es sich 
bei dem mit der Geschäftsführung von 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA beauftragten 
Komplementär 
der 
Gesellschaft 
zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt nicht um eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
der 
Else 
Kröner-
Fresenius-Stiftung handelt oder wenn die 
Else 
Kröner-Fresenius-Stiftung 
zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt nicht mehr als 10 % 
des stimmberechtigten Grundkapitals an 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA hält und 
kontrolliert; 
(b) if Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is no longer 
organized as a KGaA, any event the result of 
which is that (A) any person or group 
(Relevant Person(s)) acting in concert (as 
defined in § 30 (2) of the German Securities 
Acquisition 
and 
Takeover 
Act 
(Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und 
Übernahmegesetz)) or any person or group 
acting on behalf of any such Relevant 
Person(s), other than the Permitted Holder, 
is or becomes the direct or indirect legal or 
beneficial ownership or any legal or 
beneficial entitlement (as defined in § 34 of 
the 
German 
Securities 
Trading 
Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz)) 
of, 
in 
the 
aggregate, more than 50% of the voting 
shares of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA; or 
 
(b) wenn Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA nicht mehr 
die Rechtsform einer KGaA hat, ein 
Ereignis, in dessen Folge (A) eine Person 
oder 
mehrere 
Personen 
(Relevante 
Personen), die abgestimmt handeln (wie in 
§ 30 (2) 
Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und 
Übernahmegesetz definiert), oder einer oder 
mehrere Dritte, die im Auftrag einer solchen 
Relevanten 
Personen 
handeln, 
mit 
Ausnahme 
des 
Zulässigen 
Inhabers, 
unmittelbar oder mittelbar rechtliches oder 
wirtschaftliches Eigentum in jedweder Form 
bzw. die unmittelbare oder mittelbare 
rechtliche 
oder 
wirtschaftliche 
Verfügungsbefugnis in jedweder Form (wie 
in 
§ 34 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetz 
beschrieben) an insgesamt mehr als 50% der 
stimmberechtigten Aktien der Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA erlangen; oder  
(c) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer 
(in one transaction or a series of related 
transactions) of all or substantially all of the 
assets of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA to any 
Relevant Person or any person or group 
acting on behalf of any such Relevant 
Person(s). 
 
(c) ein Verkauf, ein Leasing, ein Tausch oder 
eine sonstige Übertragung (im Rahmen 
einer einzigen Transaktion oder einer Reihe 
miteinander 
zusammenhängender 
Transaktionen) aller oder aller wesentlichen 
Vermögenswerte der Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA an eine oder mehrere Relevante 
Personen, oder einen oder mehrere Dritte, 
die im Auftrag solcher Relevanten Personen 
handeln. 
General Partner means Fresenius Management 
SE, a societas europaea organized under the laws 
of Germany, including its successors and assigns 
and other Persons, in each case who serve as the 
general 
partner 
(persönlich 
haftender 
Gesellschafter) of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
from time to time. 
 
Komplementär 
bezeichnet 
die 
Fresenius 
Management SE, eine societas europaea nach 
deutschem Recht, sowie ihre Nachfolger, 
Abtretungsempfänger und sonstige Personen, die 
zum 
jeweiligen 
Zeitpunkt 
als 
persönlich 
haftender Gesellschafter von Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA auftreten. 
Person means any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock 
company, trust, unincorporated organization, 
government or any agency, instrumentality or 
political subdivision thereof, or any other entity. 
 
Person bezeichnet eine natürliche Person, eine 
Körperschaft, eine Personengesellschaft, ein 
Joint 
Venture, 
eine 
Vereinigung, 
eine 
Aktiengesellschaft, einen Trust, eine Einrichtung 
ohne eigene Rechtspersönlichkeit, eine staatliche

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
Stelle oder Behörde, eine Gebietskörperschaft 
oder einen sonstigen Rechtsträger. 
Permitted Holder means Else Kröner-Fresenius-
Stiftung and any of its Affiliates. 
 
Zulässiger Inhaber bezeichnet die Else Kröner-
Fresenius-Stiftung und alle mit ihr verbundenen 
Personen. 
Affiliate of any specified Person means:  
 
Verbundene Person einer bestimmten Person 
bezeichnet: 
(a) any other Person, directly or indirectly, 
controlling or controlled by, or  
 
(a) jede andere Person, die diese Person direkt 
oder indirekt kontrolliert bzw. direkt oder 
indirekt von ihr kontrolliert wird, oder 
(b) under direct or indirect common control 
with such specified Person.  
 
(b) mit dieser bestimmten Person unter direkter 
oder indirekter gemeinsamer Kontrolle 
steht. 
For the purposes of this definition, "control" 
when used with respect to any Person means the 
power to direct the management and policies of 
such Person, directly or indirectly, whether 
through the ownership of voting securities, by 
contract or otherwise (section 15 of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz)); and the 
terms "controlling" and "controlled" have 
meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
 
Für den Zweck dieser Definition bezeichnet 
"Kontrolle" bei Verwendung in Bezug auf eine 
Person die Befugnis, deren Geschäftsführung und 
Unternehmenspolitik direkt oder indirekt zu 
bestimmen (§ 15 Aktiengesetz), sei es durch den 
Besitz von stimmberechtigten Kapitalanteilen, 
eine vertragliche Festlegung oder anderweitig, 
und die Bedeutung der Begriffe "kontrolliert" und 
"kontrollieren" ist entsprechend zu verstehen. 
Within 30 days upon the Issuer becoming aware 
that a Change of Control Triggering Event has 
occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a Put Event 
Notice) to the Holders in accordance with § 12 
stating: 
 
Innerhalb von 30 Tagen, nachdem die Emittentin 
von einem Kontrollwechselereignis Kenntnis 
erlangt hat, wird die Emittentin dies den 
Gläubigern 
gemäß 
§ 12 
bekannt 
machen 
(Vorzeitige 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung) 
und 
dabei folgendes mitteilen: 
(a) that a Change of Control Triggering Event 
has occurred; 
 
(a) dass 
ein 
Kontrollwechselereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(b) the circumstances and relevant facts 
regarding 
such 
Change 
of 
Control 
Triggering Event; 
 
(b) die Umstände und relevanten Informationen 
bezüglich des Kontrollwechselereignisses;  
(c) the repurchase date (which shall be no 
earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days 
from the date such Put Event Notice is 
given) (the Optional Redemption Date); 
 
(c) den Tag des Rückkaufs (der nicht früher als 
30 und nicht später als 60 Tage nach dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Vorzeitige 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung erfolgt, liegen 
darf) (der Stichtag); 
(d) that each Note will be subject to repurchase 
only in integral multiples of the Specified 
Denomination; and 
 
(d) dass die Schuldverschreibungen nur in 
ganzen 
Vielfachen 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung zurückgekauft werden; und 
(e) the instructions determined by the Issuer that 
a Holder must follow in order to have its 
Notes purchased pursuant to this § 5(4). 
 
(e) die 
Anweisungen, 
die 
ein 
Gläubiger 
befolgen 
muss, 
damit 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 5(4) zurückgekauft werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must 
submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed option exercise notice in the form 
available from the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent within the period of 20 days after a Put 
Event Notice is given. No option so exercised 
 
Um ein solches Recht auszuüben, muss ein 
Gläubiger 
während 
der 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftszeiten 
bei 
der 
angegebenen 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
vollständig ausgefüllte Ausübungserklärung in 
der durch die Emissionsstelle bereitgestellten 
Form innerhalb eines Zeitraums von 20 Tagen

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
may be revoked or withdrawn without the prior 
consent of the Issuer.] 
nach 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungserklärung übermitteln. Kein in 
dieser Form ausgeübtes Recht kann ohne 
vorherige Zustimmung der Emittentin widerrufen 
oder zurückgezogen werden.]  
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer the following applies: 
 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[(5)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
 
[(5)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes within the Call 
Redemption 
Period(s) 
at 
the 
Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the relevant redemption date.  
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz 
(b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
innerhalb 
des/der 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraums/räume 
(Call) 
zum/zu den Wahl- Rückzahlungsbetrag/-
beträgen 
(Call), 
wie 
nachfolgend 
angegeben, 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
maßgeblichen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen.  
Call Redemption 
Period(s) 
 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
[Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungszeitraum/räume 
(Call) 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungsbetrag/ 
-beträge (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
zeitraum/ räume] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag-/beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder, the following applies: The 
Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of 
any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise 
by the Holder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under subparagraph 
[(7)] of this § 5.] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht 
dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(7)] dieses § 5 verlangt 
hat.] 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 12. Such notice shall 
specify: 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie 
muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) whether such series is to be redeemed 
in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurück-
zuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
(iii) the relevant redemption date, which 
shall be not less than 20 nor more than 
40 days after the date on which notice 
is given by the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
(iii) den maßgeblichen Rückzahlungstag, 
der nicht weniger als 20 und nicht mehr 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Kündigung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; 
und

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which 
such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), 
zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden.  
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in 
NGN form, the following applies: For 
technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case 
of a partial redemption the outstanding 
redemption amount will be reflected in the 
records of the ICSDs as either a reduction in 
nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the 
discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
 
(c) Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen 
in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Für das technische Verfahren 
der ICSDs wird im Fall einer teilweisen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
entstehende 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
entweder 
als 
reduzierter Nennbetrag oder als Poolfaktor 
nach Ermessen der ICSDs in das Register 
der ICSDs aufgenommen.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
Transaction Trigger Event the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[(6)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a Transaction Trigger Event. 
 
[(6)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Transaktions-Ereignisses. 
(a) Upon the occurrence of a Transaction 
Trigger Event, the Issuer may, upon notice 
given in accordance with clause (b), redeem 
all of the Notes on the Event Redemption 
Date at the Event Redemption Amount 
together with interest (if any) to the Event 
Redemption Date (excluding). 
 
(a) Die 
Emittentin 
kann, 
nachdem 
ein 
Transaktions-Ereignis aufgetreten ist und 
sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt an dem 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag zum Ereignis-
Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
wie 
nachfolgend 
angegeben, 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
The Issuer may waive its right to call the 
Notes for redemption based on a Transaction 
Trigger 
Event 
by 
giving 
notice 
in 
accordance with § 12. 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur 
vorzeitigen 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aufgrund 
eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses 
durch 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12verzichten. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Holder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under § 5[(7)].] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5[(7)] 
verlangt hat.] 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 12. Such notice shall 
specify: 
(i) the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(ii) the Event Redemption Date, which 
shall be not less than 30 days nor more 
than 60 days after the date on which 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie 
muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) den 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag, 
der 
nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
notice of the occurrence of the 
Transaction Trigger Event is given by 
the Issuer to the Holders; and 
(iii) the Event Redemption Amount at 
which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
Mitteilung 
des 
Eintritts 
eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses durch die 
Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern 
liegen darf; und 
(iii) den Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag, zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(c) Whereby: 
 
(c) Dabei gilt: 
Event Redemption Amount means [insert 
amount per Note]. 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag bezeichnet 
[Betrag 
pro 
Schuldverschreibung 
einfügen]. 
Event Redemption Date means the date 
fixed for redemption of the Notes pursuant 
to § 5 [(6)] (b). 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag bezeichnet den 
Tag, 
der 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 5 [(6)] (b) 
festgesetzt wurde. 
Transaction means [insert description of 
envisaged acquisition transaction for 
which the Notes are intended to be issued 
for refinancing purposes]. 
 
Transaktion bezeichnet [Beschreibung der 
geplanten 
Akquisitionstransaktion 
für 
deren 
Refinanzierung 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben werden]. 
Transaction Trigger Event means a notice 
given by the Issuer to the Holders [in the 
case of a Transaction Trigger Cut-off Date 
insert: on or prior to [Transaction Trigger 
Cut-off Date]] in accordance with § 12 that 
the Transaction has been terminated prior to 
completion and the Issuer has publicly stated 
that it no longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction.] 
 
Transaktions-Ereignis 
bezeichnet 
die 
Mitteilung der Emittentin [Im Fall eines 
Transaktions-Stichtages, einfügen: an oder 
vor dem [Transaktions-Stichtag]] an die 
Gläubiger gemäß § 12, dass die Transaktion 
vor ihrem Abschluss abgebrochen wurde 
und die Emittentin öffentlich erklärt hat, 
dass sie nicht länger beabsichtigt, die 
Transaktion zu verfolgen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder the following applies: 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[(7)] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
 
[(7)] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des 
Gläubigers. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder 
of any Note, redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the Put Redemption Date. 
 
(a) Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu dem/den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen (Put), 
wie nachfolgend angegeben nebst etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
[Put Redemption 
Dates(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungsbetrag/ 
-beträge (Put) 
[Wahl- Rück-
zahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/-beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
The Holder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options 
to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt 
hat. 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder 
must, not less than [Minimum Notice to 
Issuer] nor more than [Maximum Notice to 
Issuer] days before the Put Redemption 
Date on which such redemption is required 
to be made as specified in the Put 
Redemption Notice (as defined below), 
submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed early redemption notice (Put 
Redemption Notice) in the form available 
from the specified offices of the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agent. The Put 
Redemption Notice must specify (i) the 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised, and (ii) the 
securities identification number of such 
Notes, if any. No option so exercised may 
be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall 
only be required to redeem Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised against 
delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its 
order.] 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der 
Gläubiger 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] und nicht mehr 
als [Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage vor dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Rückzahlungs-
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) erfolgen soll, der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle während 
der 
normalen 
Geschäftszeiten 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte Mitteilung zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
(die 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklärung), wie 
sie bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen 
der Emissionsstelle und der Zahlstelle 
erhältlich 
ist, 
zu 
übermitteln. 
Die 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) 
den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für 
die 
das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird und (ii) die 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer dieser Schuld-
verschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Die 
Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur 
gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen 
an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
§ 6 
(THE FISCAL AGENT, THE PAYING AGENT 
AND THE CALCULATION AGENT) 
 
§ 6 
(DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE, DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE) 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. 
The initial fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent) and the 
initial paying agent (the Paying Agent) and its 
initial specified office shall be: 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle (die 
Emissionsstelle) und die anfänglich bestellte 
Zahlstelle (die Zahlstelle) und ihre bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lautet wie folgt: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Trust & Agency Services 
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Deutschland 
The initial calculation agent (the Calculation 
Agent) and its initial specified office shall be: 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Berechnungsstelle (die 
Berechnungsstelle) 
und 
ihre 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lautet wie folgt: 
[●] 
 
[●] 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to 
change their respective specified offices to some 
other specified office in the same country. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
jeweiligen 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent 
or any Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and 
to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or 
other Paying Agents or another Calculation 
Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a 
Fiscal Agent [in the case of Notes listed on a 
stock exchange the following applies: [,] [and] 
(ii) so long as the Notes are listed on the [name 
of Stock Exchange], a Paying Agent (which may 
be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in 
[location of Stock Exchange] and/or in such 
other place as may be required by the rules of 
such stock exchange] [,] [and] [(iii)] a Paying 
Agent in an EU Member State, if possible, that 
will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax in 
connection with any payment made in relation to 
the Notes unless the Paying Agent would be so 
obliged in each other EU Member State if it were 
located there, [,][and] [(iv)] a Calculation Agent 
[in the case of payments in United States dollar 
the following applies: and [(v)] if payments at or 
through the offices of all Paying Agents outside 
the United States (as defined in § 1(6)) become 
illegal or are effectively precluded because of the 
imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in United States dollar, a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in New York City]. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or change 
shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Holders in accordance with § 12. 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder 
einer Zahlstelle oder der Berechnungsstelle zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere 
Emissionsstelle oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle 
zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeit-
punkt (i) eine Emissionsstelle unterhalten [im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer 
Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:[,] 
[und] (ii) solange die Schuldverschreibungen an 
der [Name der Börse] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle 
(die die Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit be-
zeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz der Börse] 
und/oder an solchen anderen Orten unterhalten, 
die die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen] [,] [und] 
[(iii)] eine Zahlstelle in einem Mitgliedsstaat der 
Europäischen Union, sofern dies möglich ist, 
unterhalten, die nicht zum Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von Quellensteuern oder sonstigen Abzügen 
verpflichtet ist, es sei denn, dass eine solche 
Einbehalts- oder Abzugspflicht auch in allen 
anderen Mitgliedsstaaten der Europäischen 
Union 
bestünde 
[,][und] 
[(iv)] 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle unterhalten [im Fall von 
Zahlungen 
in 
US-Dollar 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: und [(v)] falls Zahlungen bei den 
oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1(6) 
definiert) 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich oder 
tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in 
New York City unterhalten]. Eine Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger 
Wechsel 
wird 
nur 
wirksam 
(außer 
im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung 
sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger 
hierüber gemäß § 12 vorab unter Einhaltung einer 
Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 
Tagen informiert wurden. 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. 
 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as the agents of the 
Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen 
ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
§ 7 
(TAXATION) 
 
§ 7 
(STEUERN) 
[In the case of Notes issued by Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA, the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar:

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
All payments of principal and interest made by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Holders 
shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by way of deduction or withholding by 
or on behalf of (1) the Federal Republic of 
Germany or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, (2) any jurisdiction from or 
through which payment on the Notes is made, or 
any political subdivision or governmental 
authority thereof or therein having the power to 
tax and/or (3) any other jurisdiction in which the 
payor is organized or otherwise considered to be 
resident or doing business for tax purposes, or 
any political subdivision or governmental 
authority thereof or therein having the power to 
tax (each a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction), unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. 
In that event the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts (the Additional Amounts) as shall result 
in receipt by the Holders of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no Additional Amounts shall be payable with 
respect to: 
 
Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen von 
der Emittentin an die Gläubiger zahlbaren 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge werden ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug an der Quelle für oder wegen 
gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger Steuern oder 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder 
im Namen (1) der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten 
Behörde, (2) einer Rechtsordnung, aus der bzw. 
über 
die 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen geleistet wird, oder einer 
dort 
zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde, und/oder (3) 
einer anderen Rechtsordnung, in der die zahlende 
Partei 
errichtet 
ist 
oder 
anderweitig 
als 
gebietsansässig gilt oder im steuerlichen Sinn 
geschäftlich tätig ist, oder einer dort zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde (jeweils eine 
Relevante Steuerjurisdiktion) im Wege des 
Abzugs oder Einbehalts auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In 
diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen 
zusätzlichen Beträge (Zusätzliche Beträge) 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den 
Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den 
Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die 
ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
den Gläubigern erhalten worden wären; jedoch 
sind solche Zusätzlichen Beträge nicht zu zahlen 
in Bezug auf: 
(a) taxes or duties which are payable by any 
Person acting as custodian bank or 
collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
 
(a) Steuern oder Abgaben, die von einer als 
Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter eines 
Gläubigers handelnden Person oder auf eine 
sonstige Weise zu entrichten sind, die 
keinen 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt 
von 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen durch 
die Emittentin darstellen; oder 
(b) payments that would not have been so 
imposed but for the existence of any present 
or former connection between such Holder 
(or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, 
member or shareholder of, or a person 
having a power over, such Holder) and any 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction including, 
without limitation, such Holder (or such 
fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, 
shareholder or person having such a power) 
being or having been a citizen or resident or 
treated as a resident of, being or having been 
engaged in a trade or business in, or having 
or having had a permanent establishment in, 
a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than 
any connections arising solely from a Holder 
acquiring, holding or disposing of, receiving 
 
(b) Zahlungen, die nicht erhoben worden wären, 
wenn 
nicht 
eine 
gegenwärtige 
oder 
ehemalige 
Beziehung 
zwischen 
dem 
betreffenden 
Gläubiger 
(oder 
einem 
Treuhänder, 
Treugeber, 
Begünstigten, 
Mitglied 
oder 
Gesellschafter 
dieses 
Gläubigers 
oder 
einer 
Person, 
die 
beherrschenden 
Einfluss 
auf 
diesen 
Gläubiger hat) und einer Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion bestehen würde, unter 
anderem in der Form, dass der betreffende 
Gläubiger (bzw. Treuhänder, Treugeber, 
Begünstigte, Mitglied, Gesellschafter oder 
die Person, die solchen Einfluss hat) 
Staatsbürger 
einer 
Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion ist oder war oder dort 
ansässig ist oder war oder als dort ansässig 
gilt oder galt oder dort ein Gewerbe oder 
eine 
Geschäftstätigkeit 
betreibt 
oder

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
any payment under or with respect to or 
enforcing a Note; or 
betrieben hat oder dort eine Betriebsstätte 
unterhält 
oder 
unterhalten 
hat, 
mit 
Ausnahme von Beziehungen, die allein 
dadurch entstehen, dass ein Gläubiger eine 
Schuldverschreibung erwirbt, hält oder 
veräußert bzw. eine Zahlung darunter oder 
in Bezug auf diese erhält oder Ansprüche 
darauf geltend macht; oder 
(c) payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, 
a Holder where no such withholding or 
deduction would have been required to be 
made if the Notes were credited at the time 
of payment to a securities deposit account 
with a bank, financial services institution, 
securities trading business or securities 
trading bank, in each case outside the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
 
(c) Zahlungen an den Gläubiger oder an einen 
Dritten für den Gläubiger, falls kein 
Einbehalt oder Abzug hätte erfolgen 
müssen, wenn die Schuldverschreibung zum 
Zeitpunkt der fraglichen Zahlung einem 
Depotkonto bei einer bzw. einem nicht in 
der 
Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion 
ansässigen 
Bank, 
Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut, 
Wert-
papierhandelsunternehmen oder Wertpa-
pierhandelsbank gutgeschrieben gewesen 
wäre; oder 
(d) payments where such withholding or 
deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of savings, or (ii) 
any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the 
Relevant 
Taxing 
Jurisdiction 
or 
the 
European Union is a party/are parties, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform 
with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or 
understanding, or (iv) the Luxembourg law 
of December 23, 2005; or 
 
(d) falls der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß (i) 
einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der 
Europäischen Union zur Zinsbesteuerung 
oder (ii) einem internationalen Abkommen 
oder Übereinkommen zu einer solchen 
Besteuerung, 
bei dem 
die 
Relevante 
Steuerjurisdiktion oder die Europäische 
Union Parteien sind, oder (iii) einem diese 
Richtlinie oder Verordnung oder dieses 
Abkommen oder Übereinkommen um-
setzenden oder sie befolgenden oder zu ihrer 
Befolgung erlassenen Gesetz, oder (iv) dem 
Luxemburger Gesetz vom 23. Dezember 
2005 erhoben wird; oder  
(e) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who could lawfully mitigate (but has 
not so mitigated) such withholding or 
deduction by complying or procuring that 
any third party complies with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that 
a third party makes a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to any tax authority in the place 
where the payment is effected; or  
 
(e) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem 
Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den 
Gläubiger zahlbar ist, der einen solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
dadurch 
rechtmäßigerweise hätte vermindern können 
(aber nicht vermindert hat), dass er 
gesetzliche Vorschriften beachtet, oder 
dafür sorgt, dass Dritte dieses tun, oder 
dadurch 
dass 
er 
eine 
Nicht-
ansässigkeitserklärung oder einen ähnlichen 
Antrag 
auf 
Quellensteuerbefreiung 
gegenüber der am Zahlungsort zuständigen 
Steuerbehörde; abgibt oder dafür sorgt, dass 
dies durch einen Dritten erfolgt, oder 
(f) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who would have been able to 
mitigate such withholding or deduction by 
effecting a payment via another paying 
agent in a Member State of the European 
Union, not obliged to withhold or deduct 
tax; or 
 
(f) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem 
Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den 
Gläubiger vorzunehmen ist, der einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug durch die 
Bewirkung einer Zahlung über eine andere 
Zahlstelle in einem Mitgliedsstaat der 
Europäischen Union, welche nicht zu einem

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet 
ist, hätte vermindern können; oder 
(g) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is for or on account of the 
presentation by the Holder of any Note for 
payment on a date more than 30 days after 
the date on which such payment became due 
and payable or the date on which payment 
thereof is duly provided for, whichever 
occurs later; or  
 
(g) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug für einen 
Gläubiger 
oder 
dessen 
Rechnung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
der 
Schuld-
verschreibungen mehr als 30 Tage nach dem 
Tag, an dem eine Zahlung unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
wurde bzw., soweit dies später eintritt, nach 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Zahlung 
ordnungsgemäß 
vorgenommen 
wurde, 
vorgelegt hat; oder  
(h) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is required pursuant to sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Internal Revenue Code), any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations 
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant 
to section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue 
Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such 
sections of the Internal Revenue Code; or 
 
(h) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß 
§§ 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 in seiner jeweils gültigen 
Fassung (der Internal Revenue Code), jeder 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Verordnung oder offiziellen Auslegung 
davon, jeder Vereinbarung, die gemäß 
§ 1471(b) des Internal Revenue Codes 
eingegangen wurde oder jeder steuerlichen 
oder regulatorischen Gesetzgebung, sowie 
steuerlichen und regulatorischen Gesetzen 
oder Vorgehensweisen, die nach einem 
völkerrechtlichen 
Vertrag, 
der 
zur 
Umsetzung der Bestimmungen des Internal 
Revenue 
Codes 
geschlossen 
wurde, 
vorzunehmen ist; oder 
(i) payments which are payable by reason of the 
Holder (or beneficiary or other recipient of a 
payment under the Notes) being resident in 
a 
non-cooperative 
territory 
(nicht 
kooperatives Steuerhoheitsgebiet) in the 
meaning of the German Law to prevent Tax 
Avoidance and Unfair Tax Competition 
(Gesetz zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb), 
as 
amended or replaced from time to time 
(including any ordinance (Verordnung) 
enacted based on this law); or 
 
(i) Zahlungen, die aufgrund der Ansässigkeit 
des Gläubigers (oder Begünstigten oder 
sonstigem Empfänger von Zahlungen unter 
den Schuldverschreibungen) in einem nicht 
kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet im Sinne 
des 
Gesetzes 
zur 
Abwehr 
von 
Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb in der Fassung wie 
jeweils geändert oder ersetzt (einschließlich 
der aufgrund von diesem Gesetz ergangenen 
Verordnungen) zu zahlen sind; oder 
(j) any combination of items (a)-(i); 
 
(j) jegliche Kombination der Absätze (a)-(i). 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with 
respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who 
is a fiduciary or partnership or who is other than 
the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the 
extent such payment would be required by the 
laws of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction(s) to be 
included in the income, for tax purposes, of a 
beneficiary or settlor with respect to such 
fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a 
beneficial owner who would not have been 
entitled to such Additional Amounts had such 
beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner 
been the Holder of the Note.] 
 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im 
Hinblick 
auf 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an einen Gläubiger 
gezahlt, welcher die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder 
Personengesellschaft oder als sonstiger nicht 
alleiniger wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer erhält, 
soweit nach den Gesetzen der Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion(en) eine solche Zahlung für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Begünstigten 
bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermögens oder 
dem Gesellschafter der Personengesellschaft 
zugerechnet würde, der jeweils selbst nicht zum 
Erhalt von Zusätzlichen Beträgen berechtigt 
gewesen wäre, wenn der Begünstigte, Gründer 
eines Treuhandvermögens, Gesellschafter oder

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
unmittelbarer 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen wäre.] 
[In the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the following 
applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
All payments of principal and interest made by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Holders 
shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by way of deduction or withholding by 
or on behalf of (1) Ireland or the Federal Republic 
of Germany or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax (2) any jurisdiction from or 
through which payment on the Notes or the 
Guarantee is made, or any political subdivision or 
governmental authority thereof or therein having 
the power to tax and/or (3) any other jurisdiction 
in which the payor is organized or otherwise 
considered to be resident or doing business for tax 
purposes, or any political subdivision or 
governmental authority thereof or therein having 
the power to tax (each a Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction), 
unless 
such 
deduction 
or 
withholding is required by law. In that event the 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (the 
Additional Amounts) as shall result in receipt by 
the Holders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or 
deduction been required, except that no 
Additional Amounts shall be payable with 
respect to 
 
Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen von 
der Emittentin an die Gläubiger zahlbaren 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge werden ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug an der Quelle für oder wegen 
gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger Steuern oder 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder 
im Namen (1) Irlands oder der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder einer dort zur Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Behörde, 
oder 
(2) 
einer 
Rechtsordnung, aus der bzw. über die eine 
Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen oder die 
Garantie geleistet wird, oder einer dort zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde, und/oder (3) 
einer anderen Rechtsordnung, in der die zahlende 
Partei 
errichtet 
ist 
oder 
anderweitig 
als 
gebietsansässig gilt oder im steuerlichen Sinn 
geschäftlich tätig ist, oder einer dort zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde (jeweils eine 
Relevante Steuerjurisdiktion) im Wege des 
Abzugs oder Einbehalts auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In 
diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen 
zusätzlichen Beträge (Zusätzliche Beträge) 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den 
Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den 
Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die 
ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
den Gläubigern erhalten worden wären; jedoch 
sind solche Zusätzlichen Beträge nicht zu zahlen 
in Bezug auf: 
(a) taxes or duties which are payable by any 
Person acting as custodian bank or 
collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, from 
payments of principal or interest made by it; 
or 
 
(a) Steuern oder Abgaben, die von einer als 
Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter eines 
Gläubigers handelnden Person oder auf eine 
sonstige Weise zu entrichten sind, die 
keinen 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt 
von 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen durch 
die Emittentin bzw. die Garantin darstellen; 
oder 
(b) payments that would not have been so 
imposed but for the existence of any present 
or former connection between such Holder 
(or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, 
member or shareholder of, or a person 
having a power over, such Holder) and any 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction including, 
without limitation, such Holder (or such 
fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, 
shareholder or person having such a power) 
being or having been a citizen or resident or 
 
(b) Zahlungen, die nicht erhoben worden wären, 
wenn 
nicht 
eine 
gegenwärtige 
oder 
ehemalige 
Beziehung 
zwischen 
dem 
betreffenden 
Gläubiger 
(oder 
einem 
Treuhänder, 
Treugeber, 
Begünstigten, 
Mitglied 
oder 
Gesellschafter 
dieses 
Gläubigers 
oder 
einer 
Person, 
die 
beherrschenden 
Einfluss 
auf 
diesen 
Gläubiger hat) und einer Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion bestehen würde, unter 
anderem in der Form, dass der betreffende

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
treated as a resident of, being or having been 
engaged in a trade or business in, or having 
or having had a permanent establishment in, 
a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than 
any connections arising solely from a Holder 
acquiring, holding or disposing of, receiving 
any payment under or with respect to or 
enforcing a Note or the Guarantee; or 
Gläubiger (bzw. Treuhänder, Treugeber, 
Begünstigte, Mitglied, Gesellschafter oder 
die Person, die solchen Einfluss hat) 
Staatsbürger 
einer 
Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion ist oder war oder dort 
ansässig ist oder war oder als dort ansässig 
gilt oder galt oder dort ein Gewerbe oder 
eine 
Geschäftstätigkeit 
betreibt 
oder 
betrieben hat oder dort eine Betriebsstätte 
unterhält 
oder 
unterhalten 
hat, 
mit 
Ausnahme von Beziehungen, die allein 
dadurch entstehen, dass ein Gläubiger eine 
Schuldverschreibung oder Ansprüche aus 
der Garantie erwirbt, hält oder veräußert 
bzw. eine Zahlung darunter oder in Bezug 
auf diese erhält oder Ansprüche darauf 
geltend macht; oder 
(c) payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, 
a Holder where no such withholding or 
deduction would have been required to be 
made if the Notes were credited at the time 
of payment to a securities deposit account 
with a bank, financial services institution, 
securities trading business or securities 
trading bank, in each case outside the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
 
(c) Zahlungen an den Gläubiger oder an einen 
Dritten für den Gläubiger, falls kein 
Einbehalt oder Abzug hätte erfolgen 
müssen, wenn die Schuldverschreibung zum 
Zeitpunkt der fraglichen Zahlung einem 
Depotkonto bei einer bzw. einem nicht in 
der 
Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion 
ansässigen Bank, Finanzdienstleistungs-
institut, 
Wertpapierhandelsunternehmen 
oder 
Wertpapierhandelsbank 
gutgeschrieben gewesen wäre; oder 
(d) payments where such withholding or 
deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of savings, or (ii) 
any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the 
Relevant 
Taxing 
Jurisdiction 
or 
the 
European Union is a party/are parties, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform 
with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or 
understanding, or (iv) the Luxembourg law 
of December 23, 2005; or 
 
(d) falls der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß (i) 
einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der 
Europäischen Union zur Zinsbesteuerung 
oder (ii) einem internationalen Abkommen 
oder Übereinkommen zu einer solchen 
Besteuerung, 
bei dem 
die 
Relevante 
Steuerjurisdiktion oder die Europäische 
Union Parteien sind, oder (iii) einem diese 
Richtlinie oder Verordnung oder dieses 
Abkommen oder Übereinkommen um-
setzenden oder sie befolgenden oder zu ihrer 
Befolgung erlassenen Gesetz, oder (iv) dem 
Luxemburger Gesetz vom 23. Dezember 
2005 erhoben wird; oder  
(e) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who could lawfully mitigate (but has 
not so mitigated) such withholding or 
deduction by complying or procuring that 
any third party complies with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that 
a third party makes a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to any tax authority in the place 
where the payment is effected; or  
 
(e) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem 
Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den 
Gläubiger zahlbar ist, der einen solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
dadurch 
rechtmäßigerweise hätte vermindern können 
(aber nicht vermindert hat), dass er 
gesetzliche Vorschriften beachtet, oder 
dafür sorgt, dass Dritte dieses tun, oder 
dadurch 
dass 
er 
eine 
Nicht-
ansässigkeitserklärung oder einen ähnlichen 
Antrag 
auf 
Quellensteuerbefreiung 
gegenüber der am Zahlungsort zuständigen 
Steuerbehörde; abgibt oder dafür sorgt, dass 
dies durch einen Dritten erfolgt, oder

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
(f) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who would have been able to 
mitigate such withholding or deduction by 
effecting a payment via another paying 
agent in a Member State of the European 
Union, not obliged to withhold or deduct 
tax; or 
 
(f) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem 
Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den 
Gläubiger vorzunehmen ist, der einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug durch die 
Bewirkung einer Zahlung über eine andere 
Zahlstelle in einem Mitgliedsstaat der 
Europäischen Union, welche nicht zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet 
ist, hätte vermindern können; oder 
(g) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is for or on account of the 
presentation by the Holder of any Note for 
payment on a date more than 30 days after 
the date on which such payment became due 
and payable or the date on which payment 
thereof is duly provided for, whichever 
occurs later; or  
 
(g) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug für einen 
Gläubiger 
oder 
dessen 
Rechnung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
der 
Schuld-
verschreibungen mehr als 30 Tage nach dem 
Tag, an dem eine Zahlung unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
wurde bzw., soweit dies später eintritt, nach 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Zahlung 
ordnungsgemäß 
vorgenommen 
wurde, 
vorgelegt hat; oder  
(h) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is required pursuant to sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Internal Revenue Code), any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations 
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant 
to section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue 
Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such 
sections of the Internal Revenue Code; or 
 
(h) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß §§ 
1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 in seiner jeweils gültigen 
Fassung (der Internal Revenue Code), jeder 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Verordnung oder offiziellen Auslegung 
davon, jeder Vereinbarung, die gemäß 
§ 1471(b) des Internal Revenue Codes 
eingegangen wurde oder jeder steuerlichen 
oder regulatorischen Gesetzgebung, sowie 
steuerlichen und regulatorischen Gesetzen 
oder Vorgehensweisen, die nach einem 
völkerrechtlichen 
Vertrag, 
der 
zur 
Umsetzung der Bestimmungen des Internal 
Revenue 
Codes 
geschlossen 
wurde, 
vorzunehmen ist; oder 
(i) payments which are payable by reason of the 
Holder (or beneficiary or other recipient of a 
payment under the Notes) being resident in 
a 
non-cooperative 
territory 
(nicht 
kooperatives Steuerhoheitsgebiet) in the 
meaning of the German Law to prevent Tax 
Avoidance and Unfair Tax Competition 
(Gesetz zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb), 
as 
amended or replaced from time to time 
(including any ordinance (Verordnung) 
enacted based on this law); or 
 
(i) Zahlungen, die aufgrund der Ansässigkeit 
des Gläubigers (oder Begünstigten oder 
sonstigem Empfänger von Zahlungen unter 
den Schuldverschreibungen) in einem nicht 
kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet im Sinne 
des 
Gesetzes 
zur 
Abwehr 
von 
Steuervermeidung 
und 
unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb in der Fassung wie 
jeweils geändert oder ersetzt (einschließlich 
der aufgrund von diesem Gesetz ergangenen 
Verordnungen) zu zahlen sind; oder 
(j) any combination of items (a)-(i); 
 
(j) jegliche Kombination der Absätze (a)-(i). 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with 
respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who 
is a fiduciary or partnership or who is otherwise 
not the sole beneficial owner of such payment to 
the extent such payment would be required by the 
laws of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction(s) to be 
included in the income, for tax purposes, of a 
beneficiary or settlor with respect to such 
fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a 
 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im 
Hinblick 
auf 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an einen Gläubiger 
gezahlt, welcher die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder 
Personengesellschaft oder als sonstiger nicht 
alleiniger wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer erhält, 
soweit nach den Gesetzen der Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion(en) eine solche Zahlung für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Begünstigten

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
beneficial owner who would not have been 
entitled to such Additional Amounts had such 
beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner 
been the Holder of the Note.] 
bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermögens oder 
dem Gesellschafter der Personengesellschaft 
zugerechnet würde, der jeweils selbst nicht zum 
Erhalt von Zusätzlichen Beträgen berechtigt 
gewesen wäre, wenn der Begünstigte, Gründer 
eines Treuhandvermögens, Gesellschafter oder 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
unmittelbarer 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen wäre.] 
For the avoidance of doubt: No Additional 
Amounts will be paid with respect to German 
Kapitalertragsteuer (including Abgeltungsteuer) 
to be deducted or withheld pursuant to the 
German Income Tax Act, even if the deduction or 
withholding has to be made by the Issuer or its 
representative, and the German Solidarity 
Surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) or any other tax 
which 
may 
substitute 
the 
German 
Kapitalertragsteuer or Solidaritätszuschlag, as 
the case may be. 
 
Zur Klarstellung: Keine Zusätzlichen Beträge 
werden gezahlt in Bezug auf die deutsche 
Kapitalertragsteuer 
(inklusive 
der 
sog. 
Abgeltungsteuer), die nach dem deutschen 
Einkommensteuergesetz 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten wird, auch wenn der Abzug oder 
Einbehalt durch die Emittentin oder ihren 
Vertreter vorzunehmen ist, und den deutschen 
Solidaritätszuschlag oder jede andere Steuer, 
welche die deutsche Kapitalertragsteuer bzw. den 
Solidaritätszuschlag ersetzen sollte. 
§ 8 
(PRESENTATION PERIOD) 
 
§ 8 
(VORLEGUNGSFRIST) 
The 
presentation 
period 
provided 
in 
§ 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) is 
reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist 
wird 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
(EVENTS OF DEFAULT) 
 
§ 9 
(KÜNDIGUNG) 
(1) Events of default. 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. 
Each Holder shall be entitled to declare due and 
payable by notice to the Fiscal Agent its entire 
claims arising from the Notes and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the principal 
amount together with accrued interest (if any) to 
(but excluding) the date of repayment, in the 
event that: 
 
Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine sämtlichen 
Forderungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
durch Kündigung gegenüber der Emissionsstelle 
fällig 
zu 
stellen 
und 
die 
unverzügliche 
Rückzahlung 
zum 
Nennbetrag, 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger bis zum Tag der Rückzahlung 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zu 
verlangen, falls: 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest 
due under the Notes [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland II, the following applies: or the 
Guarantor fails to pay amounts payable 
under the Guarantee, in each case] within 30 
days from the relevant due date, or 
 
(a) die 
Emittentin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen Kapital oder Zinsen 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius 
Ireland II begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: oder die Garantin auf die 
Garantie zahlbare Beträge jeweils] nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails to duly perform any other 
material obligation arising from the Notes 
[in the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the 
following applies: or the Guarantor fails to 
perform any other material obligation 
arising from the Guarantee] and such failure 
continues unremedied for more than 60 days 
after the Fiscal Agent has received a request 
thereof in the manner set forth in § 9(3) from 
a Holder to perform such obligation; or 
 
(b) die 
Emittentin 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen wesentlichen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt [im Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland 
II 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: oder die Garantin die Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
anderen 
wesentlichen 
Verpflichtung aus der Garantie unterlässt] 
und die Unterlassung jeweils länger als 60 
Tage 
fortdauert, 
nachdem 
die

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
Emissionsstelle eine Aufforderung in der in 
§ 9(3) vorgesehenen Art und Weise von dem 
Gläubiger erhalten hat, die Verpflichtung zu 
erfüllen; oder 
(c) any Capital Market Indebtedness of the 
Issuer or any Material Subsidiary [in the 
case of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland 
or Fresenius Ireland II, the following 
applies: 
or 
the 
Guarantor] 
becomes 
prematurely repayable as a result of a default 
in respect of the terms thereof, or the Issuer 
or any Material Subsidiary [in the case of 
Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: 
or the Guarantor] fails to fulfill any payment 
obligation in excess of EUR 75,000,000 or 
the equivalent thereof under any Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness 
or 
under 
any 
guarantees or suretyships given for any 
Capital Market Indebtedness of others 
within 30 days from its due date or, in the 
case of such guarantee or suretyship, within 
30 days of such guarantee or suretyship 
being invoked, unless the Issuer or the 
relevant Material Subsidiary [in the case of 
Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: 
or the Guarantor] contests in good faith that 
such payment obligation exists or is due or 
that such guarantee or suretyship has been 
validly invoked or if a security granted 
therefor is enforced on behalf of or by the 
creditor(s) entitled thereto; or  
 
(c) eine 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaft 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder der 
Garantin] vorzeitig zahlbar wird aufgrund 
einer Pflichtverletzung aus dem dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
zugrunde 
liegenden Vertrag oder die Emittentin oder 
eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft [im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland 
II 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: oder die Garantin] eine 
Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im 
Gegenwert von mehr als EUR 75.000.000 
aus 
einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder 
Garantie, 
die 
für 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
Dritter 
gegeben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 
Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Fall 
einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie erfüllt, es sei denn, die 
Emittentin 
oder 
die 
betreffende 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft [im Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland 
II 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: oder die Garantin] bestreitet in 
gutem 
Glauben, 
dass 
diese 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig 
ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft oder Garantie 
berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, 
oder 
falls 
eine 
für 
solche 
Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für 
die oder von den daraus berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen 
wird; oder 
(d) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary [in the 
case of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland 
or Fresenius Ireland II, the following 
applies: or the Guarantor] announces its 
inability to meet its financial obligations or 
ceases its payments generally; or  
 
(d) die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die 
Garantin] gibt ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
bekannt oder stellt ihre Zahlungen ein; oder  
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland 
II, 
the 
following 
applies: 
(including, but not limited to, proceedings 
 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen 
die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar:

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
for the appointment of a liquidator or 
examiner to the Issuer) or the Guarantor] 
and such proceedings are instituted and have 
not been discharged or stayed within 90 
days, or the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland II, the following applies: or the 
Guarantor] applies for or institutes such 
proceedings; or  
(einschließlich 
eines 
Verfahrens 
zur 
Bestellung 
eines 
Insolvenzverwalters 
(liquidator) oder eines Examiners in Bezug 
auf die Emittentin) oder die Garantin] 
eröffnet, 
und 
ein 
solches 
Verfahren 
eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb von 90 Tagen 
aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt worden ist, oder 
die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die 
Garantin] die Eröffnung eines solchen 
Verfahrens beantragt oder einleitet; oder 
(f) the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, 
the following applies: or the Guarantor] 
enters into liquidation unless this is done in 
connection with a merger or other form of 
combination with another company and 
such company assumes all obligations 
contracted by the Issuer in connection with 
the Notes [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, 
the following applies: or the Guarantor in 
connection with the Guarantee]; or  
 
(f) die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die 
Garantin] in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, 
dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit einer 
Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form 
des Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen 
Gesellschaft und die andere oder neue 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die 
Garantin im Zusammenhang mit der 
Garantie] eingegangen ist; oder 
(g) [in the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the 
following applies: the Guarantee shall cease 
to be in full force and effect in accordance 
with its terms for any reason except pursuant 
to these Terms and Conditions or the 
satisfaction in full of all the obligations 
thereunder or shall be declared invalid or 
unenforceable other than as contemplated by 
its terms, or the Guarantor shall repudiate, 
deny or disaffirm any of its obligations 
thereunder or under the Terms and 
Conditions.] 
 
(g) [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius 
Ireland II begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die Garantie aus irgendeinem 
Grund nicht mehr gemäß ihren Bedingungen 
uneingeschränkt wirksam ist, es sei denn, 
dies 
beruht 
auf 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
oder 
der 
vollständigen 
Erfüllung 
aller 
diesbezüglichen Verpflichtungen, oder aus 
anderen Gründen als in ihren Bedingungen 
festgelegt 
für 
unwirksam 
oder 
undurchsetzbar erklärt wird, oder die 
Garantin eine ihrer Verpflichtungen aus der 
Garantie 
oder 
aus 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
zurückweist, 
leugnet oder ablehnt.] 
Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA which: 
 
Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
bezeichnet 
eine Tochtergesellschaft von Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA: 
(a) has unconsolidated EBITDA representing 
5% or more of the EBITDA of Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA and its subsidiaries on a 
consolidated basis [As long as Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and its 
subsidiaries are fully consolidated in the 
 
(a) deren unkonsolidiertes EBITDA 5% oder 
mehr des EBITDA der Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA und ihrer Tochtergesellschaften auf 
einer konsolidierten Basis darstellt [Solange 
die Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. 
KGaA und ihre Tochtergesellschaften im

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the following 
applies: (provided that for these purposes 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
and its subsidiaries are regarded as 
subsidiaries of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA)]; 
or  
Wege der Vollkonsolidierung in den 
Konzernabschluss der Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA einbezogen sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: (wobei für diese Zwecke die 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
und 
ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften 
als 
Tochtergesellschaften der Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA gelten)], oder 
(b) has unconsolidated gross assets representing 
5% or more of the gross assets of Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA and its subsidiaries on a 
consolidated basis [As long as Fresenius 
Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and its 
subsidiaries are fully consolidated in the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the following 
applies: (provided that for these purposes 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
and its subsidiaries are regarded as 
subsidiaries of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA)], 
 
(b) deren unkonsolidiertes Bruttovermögen 5% 
oder 
mehr 
des 
Bruttovermögens 
der 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA und ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften 
auf 
einer 
konsolidierten Basis darstellt [Solange die 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
und ihre Tochtergesellschaften im Wege 
der 
Vollkonsolidierung 
in 
den 
Konzernabschluss der Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA einbezogen sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: (wobei für diese Zwecke die 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA 
und 
ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften 
als 
Tochtergesellschaften der Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA gelten)], 
in each case as determined by reference to the 
latest audited annual financial statements 
prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
 
in allen Fällen bestimmt nach dem letzten 
geprüften 
Jahresabschluss, 
die 
in 
Übereinstimmung mit IFRS erstellt wurden. 
EBITDA 
means 
operating 
income 
plus 
depreciation and amortization and is derived 
from the operating income determined in 
accordance with IFRS. 
 
EBITDA entspricht dem Operativen Ergebnis 
zuzüglich Abschreibungen und wird von dem 
nach IFRS ermittelten Operativen Ergebnis 
abgeleitet. 
(2) No Termination. 
 
(2) Keine Kündigung. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if 
the situation giving rise to it has been cured 
before the right is exercised. No event or 
circumstance other than an event specified in 
§ 9(1) shall entitle Holders to declare their Notes 
due and payable prior to their stated maturity save 
as expressly provided for in these Terms and 
Conditions and subject to applicable mandatory 
law. 
 
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt 
wurde. 
Vorbehaltlich 
anwendbaren 
zwingenden 
Rechts 
berechtigen 
andere 
Ereignisse oder Umstände als die in § 9(1) 
genannten den Gläubiger nicht dazu, seine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig zu stellen, es sei denn, dies ist 
ausdrücklich in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
bestimmt. 
(3) Notice. 
 
(3) Kündigungserklärung. 
Any default notice in accordance with § 9(1) 
shall be made at least in text form (section 126b 
of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent together with evidence by means of a 
certificate of the Holder's Custodian (as defined 
in § [13][14](4)) that such Holder, at the time of 
such notice, is a holder of the relevant Notes. 
 
Eine Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 9(1) hat in 
der Weise zu erfolgen, dass der Gläubiger bei der 
angegebenen Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
eine entsprechende Erklärung zumindest in 
Textform (§ 126b Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) 
übergibt und dabei durch eine Bescheinigung 
seiner 
Depotbank 
(wie 
in 
§ [13][14](4) 
definiert) nachweist, dass er die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Erklärung hält. 
(4) Quorum. 
 
(4) Quorum. 
In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(b) 
and/or (c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, 
 
In den Fällen gemäß Absatz (1)(b) und/oder (c) 
wird eine Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
unless at the time such notice is received any of 
the events specified in subparagraph (1)(a) and 
(d) through (f) entitling Holders to declare their 
Notes due has occurred, become effective only 
when the Fiscal Agent has received such default 
notices from the Holders representing at least 
25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
then outstanding. 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in Absatz (1)(a) 
und (d) bis (f) bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, 
erst 
wirksam, 
wenn 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen von 
Gläubigern im Nennbetrag von mindestens 25% 
des Gesamtnennbetrages der zu diesem Zeit-
punkt 
noch 
insgesamt 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
§ 10 
(SUBSTITUTION) 
 
§ 10 
(ERSETZUNG) 
(1) Substitution. 
 
(1) Ersetzung 
The Issuer (reference to which shall always 
include any previous Substitute Debtor (as 
defined below)) may, at any time, if no payment 
of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is 
in default, without the consent of the Holders, 
substitute for the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland II, the following applies: Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA or] any Affiliate (as defined below) of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA as the principal debtor 
in respect of all obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes (any such company, 
the Substitute Debtor), provided that: 
 
Die Emittentin (wobei eine Bezugnahme auf die 
Emittentin 
auch 
alle 
früheren 
Nachfolgeschuldner (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
umfasst) ist jederzeit berechtigt, wenn kein 
Zahlungsverzug hinsichtlich Kapital oder Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt, ohne 
weitere Zustimmung der Gläubiger [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA oder] ein mit der Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA verbundenes Unternehmen (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) an ihrer Stelle als 
Hauptschuldnerin (ein solches Unternehmen ist 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin) 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(a) the 
Substitute 
Debtor 
assumes 
all 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes and is in a position to fulfill all 
payment obligations arising from or in 
connection with the Notes in the Specified 
Currency without, subject to lit. (e) below, 
the necessity of any taxes or duties levied by 
the country or jurisdiction in which the 
Substitute Debtor is domiciled (other than 
taxes which would also be levied in the 
absence of such substitution) to be withheld 
or deducted at source and to transfer all 
amounts which are required therefore to the 
Paying Agent without any restrictions, and 
that in particular all necessary authorizations 
to this effect by any competent authority 
have been obtained, and, to the extent 
service of process must be effected to the 
Substitute Debtor outside of Germany, a 
service of process agent in Germany is 
appointed; 
 
(a) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldver-
schreibungen rechtswirksam übernimmt und 
sie 
sämtliche 
sich 
aus 
oder 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
ergebenden 
Zahlungsver-
pflichtungen in der Festgelegten Währung 
ohne die Notwendigkeit (vorbehaltlich 
Buchstabe (e)) einer Einbehaltung an der 
Quelle oder des Abzugs irgendwelcher 
Steuern oder Abgaben in dem Land oder 
Hoheitsgebiet, in dem die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin ihren Sitz hat (mit Ausnahme 
von Steuern, die auch angefallen wären, 
wäre die Ersetzung nicht erfolgt), erfüllen 
sowie die hierzu erforderlichen Beträge 
ohne Beschränkungen an die Zahlstelle 
transferieren kann und sie insbesondere jede 
hierfür 
notwendige 
Genehmigung 
der 
Behörden ihres Landes erhalten hat, und, 
sofern eine Zustellung an die Nach-
folgeschuldnerin 
außerhalb 
von 
Deutschland 
erfolgen 
müsste, 
ein 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigter in Deutschland 
bestellt wird; 
(b) [In the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA, the following applies: the 
 
(b) [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA begeben

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
Issuer] [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, 
the following applies: the Guarantor if it is 
not itself the Substitute Debtor] irrevocably 
and unconditionally guarantees in favor of 
each Holder the payment of all sums payable 
by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the 
Notes on terms equivalent to the terms of the 
[in the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA, the following applies: 
form of the guarantee in respect of the notes 
to be issued by an Issuer other than 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA under the Debt 
Issuance Program] [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland II, the following applies: the 
Guarantee] (the Substitution Guarantee); 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Emittentin] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Garantin, 
falls 
sie 
nicht 
selbst 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist,] unwiderruflich 
und unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern 
die Zahlung aller von der Nachfolge-
schuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge 
zu 
Bedingungen 
garantiert, 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die von Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die den Bedingungen der 
Garantie 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
einer 
anderen Emittentin als Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA unter dem Debt Issuance Program 
begeben 
werden,] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: die den 
Bedingungen der Garantie,] entsprechen 
(die Ersetzungsgarantie); und 
(c) the Substitute Debtor and the Issuer have 
obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such 
substitution and for the giving by [in the 
case of Notes issued by Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA, the following applies: the Issuer] [in 
the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the 
following applies: the Guarantor if it is not 
itself the Substitute Debtor] of the 
Substitution Guarantee in respect of the 
obligations of the Substitute Debtor, that the 
Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and 
consents for the performance by the 
Substitute Debtor of its obligations under the 
Notes, and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect and that 
the obligations assumed by the Substitute 
Debtor and the Substitution Guarantee given 
by [in the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA, the following applies: the 
Issuer] [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, 
the following applies: the Guarantor if it is 
not itself the Substitute Debtor] are each 
valid and binding in accordance with their 
respective terms and enforceable by each 
Holder;  
 
(c) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
und 
die 
Emittentin alle für die Ersetzung und [im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Emittentin] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Garantin, 
falls 
sie 
nicht 
selbst 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist,] alle für die 
Abgabe 
der 
Ersetzungsgarantie 
notwendigen 
Genehmigungen 
und 
Einverständniserklärungen von Regierungs-
stellen und Aufsichtsbehörden erhalten 
haben, die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle für die 
Erfüllung ihrer Verpflichtungen aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
notwendigen 
Genehmigungen 
und 
Einverständniserklärungen 
von 
Regierungsstellen und Aufsichtsbehörden 
erhalten hat und weiterhin sämtliche dieser 
Genehmigungen 
und 
Einverständniserklärungen 
in 
vollem 
Umfang gültig und wirksam sind und zudem 
die 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin und die von [im Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
von 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: der 
Emittentin] [im Fall von Schuldver-
schreibungen, die von Fresenius Ireland 
oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben werden, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: der Garantin, falls

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
sie nicht selbst die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
ist,] begebene Ersetzungsgarantie jeweils 
gemäß ihren Bestimmungen wirksam und 
rechtsverbindlich 
und 
durch 
jeden 
Gläubiger durchsetzbar sind;  
(d) § 9 shall be deemed to be amended so that it 
shall also be an Event of Default under such 
provision if the Substitution Guarantee shall 
cease to be valid or binding on or 
enforceable against [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, the 
following applies: the Issuer] [in the case of 
Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: 
the Guarantor if it is not itself the Substitute 
Debtor];  
 
(d) § 9 dergestalt als ergänzt gilt, dass ein 
zusätzlicher Kündigungsgrund unter dieser 
Bestimmung der Wegfall der Wirksamkeit, 
Rechtsverbindlichkeit 
oder 
Durchsetzbarkeit der Ersetzungsgarantie 
gegen 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: die Emittentin] [im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland 
II 
begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: die Garantin, falls sie nicht 
selbst die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ist,] ist; 
(e) the 
Substitute 
Debtor 
undertakes 
to 
reimburse any Holder for such taxes, fees or 
duties which may be imposed upon such 
Holder in connection with any payments on 
the Notes (including taxes or duties being 
deducted or withheld at source), upon 
conversion or otherwise, as a consequence 
of the assumption of the Issuer's obligations 
by the Substitute Debtor, provided that such 
undertaking shall be limited to amounts that 
would not have been imposed upon the 
Holder had such substitution not occurred; 
and 
 
(e) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet, 
jedem Gläubiger alle Steuern, Gebühren 
oder Abgaben zu erstatten, die ihm im 
Zusammenhang mit Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(einschließlich 
Steuern und Abgaben, die an der Quelle 
abgeführt oder einbehalten wurden), durch 
den Schuldnerwechsel oder in anderer 
Weise infolge der Schuldübernahme durch 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin auferlegt werden, 
vorausgesetzt, dass sich die Verpflichtung 
auf Beträge beschränkt, die der Gläubiger 
ohne die Ersetzung der Emittentin nicht 
hätte tragen müssen; und 
(f) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal 
Agent one opinion for each jurisdiction 
affected of lawyers of recognized standing 
to the effect that subparagraphs (a) through 
(e) above have been satisfied. 
 
(f) der 
Emissionsstelle 
jeweils 
ein 
Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wurden, die 
bestätigen, dass die Bestimmungen in den 
vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a) bis (e) 
erfüllt wurden. 
For purposes of this § 10, Affiliate shall mean any 
affiliated company (verbundenes Unternehmen) 
within the meaning of sections 15 et seq. of the 
German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) 
held by Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA. 
 
Für Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet verbundenes 
Unternehmen jedes von Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA gehaltene verbundene Unternehmen im 
Sinne der §§ 15 f. Aktiengesetz.  
(2) Discharge from Obligations. References. 
 
(2) Schuldbefreiung. Bezugnahmen. 
Upon a substitution in accordance with this § 10, 
the Substitute Debtor shall be deemed to be 
named in the Notes as the principal debtor in 
place of the Issuer as issuer and the Notes shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give 
effect to the substitution including that the 
relevant jurisdiction in relation to the Issuer in § 7 
shall be the Substitute Debtor's country of 
domicile for tax purposes. Furthermore, in the 
 
Nach einer Ersetzung gemäß dieses § 10 gilt die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
als 
in 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen an Stelle der Emittentin 
als 
Hauptschuldnerin 
bestimmt 
und 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gelten 
als 
dem-
entsprechend ergänzt, um der Ersetzung zur 
Durchsetzung zu verhelfen, und als die relevante 
Steuerjurisdiktion in Bezug auf § 7 gilt die 
Jurisdiktion, in der die Nachfolgeschuldnerin

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
event of such substitution the following shall 
apply:  
steuerlich ansässig ist. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall 
einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
[In the case of Notes issued by Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA, the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to 
the Federal Republic of Germany shall be 
deemed to have been included in addition to 
the reference according to the preceding 
sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor; 
 
 
(a) in § 7 und § 5(2) gilt eine alternative 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich 
zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des 
vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat); 
(b) in § 9(1)(b) to (g) an alternative reference to 
the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor shall 
be deemed to have been included in addition 
to the reference to the Substitute Debtor.] 
 
(b) in § 9(1)(b) bis (g) gilt eine alternative 
Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in ihrer 
Eigenschaft als Garant als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme auf die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin).] 
[In the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the following 
applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
In § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to 
Ireland shall be deemed to have been included in 
addition to the reference according to the 
preceding sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute 
Debtor.] 
 
 
in 
§ 7 
und 
§ 5(2) 
gilt 
eine 
alternative 
Bezugnahme auf Irland als aufgenommen 
(zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe 
des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz 
hat).] 
Any such substitution, together with the notice 
referred to in subparagraph (3) below, shall, in 
the case of the substitution of any other company 
as principal debtor, operate to release the Issuer 
as issuer from all of its obligations as principal 
debtor in respect of the Notes. 
 
Jede Ersetzung zusammen mit der Mitteilung 
gemäß Absatz 3 dieser Bestimmung befreit, im 
Fall der Einsetzung einer anderen Gesellschaft 
als Hauptschuldnerin, die Emittentin von allen 
Verbindlichkeiten, die sie als Hauptschuldnerin 
unter den Schuldverschreibungen hatte.  
(3) Notification to Holders. 
 
(3) Benachrichtigung der Gläubiger. 
Not later than 15 Payment Business Days after 
effecting the substitution, the Substitute Debtor 
shall give notice thereof to the Holders and, if any 
Notes are listed on any stock exchange, to such 
stock exchange in accordance with § 12 and to 
any other person or authority as required by 
applicable laws or regulations. 
 
Spätestens 15 Zahltage nach Durchführung der 
Ersetzung wird die Nachfolgeschuldnerin dies 
den 
Gläubigern 
und, 
sollten 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an einer Börse notiert 
sein, dieser Börse gemäß § 12 mitteilen und jede 
andere 
Person 
oder 
Stelle, 
gemäß 
den 
anwendbaren 
Gesetzen 
und 
Regelungen 
informieren.  
§ 11 
(FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION) 
 
§ 11 
(BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG) 
(1) Further Issues. 
 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the 
consent of the Holders, create and issue further 
Notes having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes of this series in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or the issue price) so as 
 
Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben, die in jeder Hinsicht (gegebenenfalls 
mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Zinslaufbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) 
die gleichen Bedingungen wie die Schuldver-
schreibungen dieser Anleihe haben und die

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
to form a single series with the Notes of this 
series. 
zusammen mit den Schuldverschreibungen dieser 
Anleihe eine einheitliche Gesamtemission bilden. 
(2) Purchases. 
 
(2) Ankauf. 
Subject to applicable laws, the Issuer [in the case 
of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: , the 
Guarantor] or any Subsidiary may at any time 
purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Such acquired Notes may be 
cancelled, held or resold. 
 
Die Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldver-
schreibungen, die von Fresenius Ireland oder 
Fresenius Ireland II begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: , die Garantin] oder eine 
Tochtergesellschaft kann, soweit gesetzlich 
zulässig, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis kaufen. Derartig erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können 
entwertet, 
gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
(3) Cancellation. 
 
(3) Entwertung. 
All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled 
forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
 
Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu 
entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder 
wiederverkauft werden. 
§ 12 
(NOTICES) 
 
§ 12 
(MITTEILUNGEN) 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
amtlichen 
Kursblatt 
(official 
list) 
der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel am 
regulierten Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
zugelassen sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
(1) Publication. 
 
(1) Bekanntmachung. 
As long as the Notes are listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (and as long as the 
rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so require), all notices concerning the 
Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.LuxSE.com). Any notice will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first such publication). 
 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen im amtlichen 
Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am regulierten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind (und die 
Vorschriften der Luxemburger Börse dies 
verlangen), sind alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen auf der Internetseite 
der Luxemburger Börse (www.LuxSE.com) zu 
veröffentlichen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit 
dem 
dritten 
Tag 
nach 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentli-
chungen mit dem dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als wirksam 
erfolgt. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer may 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System 
for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the seventh day 
after the day on which the said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.]  
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen im amtlichen 
Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am regulierten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind, sind alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen gemäß Absatz 1 bekanntzumachen. 
Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies 
zulassen, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1 durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on another 
stock exchange, the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einer anderen Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(1) Publication. 
 
(1) Bekanntmachung. 
All notices concerning the Notes will be made by 
means of electronic publication on the internet 
website of the stock exchange with respect to 
which the Issuer initiated the listing of the Notes, 
as long as the Notes are listed on such stock 
exchange and if the rules of such stock exchange 
so permit. Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first such publication). 
 
Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen sind auf der Internetseite der Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Listing 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
veranlasst 
hat 
zu 
veröffentlichen, 
solange 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dieser Börse notiert 
sind und die Regeln dieser Börse dies zulassen. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei 
mehreren Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten 
Tag nach dem Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on such a stock 
exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the 
rules of such stock exchange otherwise so permit, 
the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of 
publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) 
above; any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the seventh day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen an dieser Börse 
notiert sind, sind alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen gemäß Absatz 1 
bekanntzumachen. Soweit die Regeln dieser 
Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1 durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted, the 
following applies:  
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
an einer Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
The Issuer will deliver all notices to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the 
seventh day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes that provide for Resolutions of 
Holders the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger vorsehen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
HOLDERS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
[IN THE CASE OF NOTES ISSUED BY 
FRESENIUS IRELAND OR FRESENIUS 
IRELAND II, THE FOLLOWING APPLIES:, 
AMENDMENT OF THE GUARANTEE] 
 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER [IM FALL VON 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, DIE VON 
FRESENIUS IRELAND ODER FRESENIUS 
IRELAND II BEGEBEN WERDEN, IST 
FOLGENDES ANWENDBAR:, ÄNDERUNG 
DER GARANTIE] 
(1) Majority resolutions pursuant to the German Act 
on Issues of Debt Securities. 
 
(1) Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
nach 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
The Holders may with consent of the Issuer (if 
required) by a majority resolution pursuant to 
section 5 et seqq. of the German Act on Issues of 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen) 
(the SchVG), as amended from time to time, 
agree to amendments of the Terms and 
Conditions or resolve any other matters provided 
for by the SchVG. In particular, the Holders may 
consent to amendments which materially change 
the substance of the Terms and Conditions, 
including such measures as provided for under 
section 5 paragraph 3 SchVG by resolutions 
passed by such majority of the votes of the 
Holders as stated under § 13(2) below. A duly 
passed majority resolution shall be binding upon 
all Holders. 
 
Die Gläubiger können mit Zustimmung der 
Emittentin 
(soweit 
erforderlich) 
aufgrund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses nach Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. 
des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen (das SchVG) in seiner jeweils 
gültigen Fassung die Emissionsbedingungen 
ändern oder sonstige Maßnahmen gemäß dem 
SchVG beschließen. Die Gläubiger können 
insbesondere 
einer 
Änderung 
wesentlicher 
Inhalte 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, 
einschließlich der in § 5 Abs. 3 SchVG 
vorgesehenen Maßnahmen durch Beschlüsse mit 
den in dem nachstehenden § 13(2) genannten 
Mehrheiten zustimmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger verbindlich. 
(2) Qualified majority. 
 
(2) Qualifizierte Mehrheit. 
Except as provided by the following sentence and 
provided that the quorum requirements are being 
met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the 
vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of section 5 paragraph 3 
numbers 1 through 9 SchVG, or relating to 
material other matters may only be passed by a 
majority of at least 75% of the voting rights 
participating in the vote (a Qualified Majority). 
 
Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Satzes und der 
Erreichung 
der 
erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit, beschließen die Gläubiger 
mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt 
der Emissionsbedingungen, insbesondere in den 
Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nummern 1 bis 9 SchVG, 
geändert wird, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit 
einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75% der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine 
Qualifizierte Mehrheit). 
(3) Passing of resolutions. 
 
(3) Beschlussfassung. 
The Holders can pass resolutions in a meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance with 
section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a 
vote without a meeting (Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with section 18 and 
section 5 et seqq. of the SchVG. 
 
Die Gläubiger können Beschlüsse in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung gemäß §§ 5 ff. SchVG 
oder 
im 
Wege 
einer 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 18 und § 5 ff. SchVG 
fassen. 
(4) Meeting. 
 
(4) Gläubigerversammlung. 
Attendance at the meeting and exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the Holders' registration. The 
registration must be received at the address stated 
in the convening notice no later than the third day 
preceding the meeting. As part of the registration, 
Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of the Custodian in accordance with 
§ 14(4)(i)(a) and (b) hereof in text form and by 
submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the meeting. 
 
Die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung 
und die Ausübung der Stimmrechte ist von einer 
vorherigen Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. 
Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten 
Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung 
müssen 
die 
Gläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung 
durch einen in Textform erstellten besonderen 
Nachweis der Depotbank gemäß § 14(4)(i)(a) 
und (b) und durch Vorlage eines Sperrvermerks 
der Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung (einschließlich) nicht 
übertragbar sind, nachweisen.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
(5) Vote without a meeting. 
 
(5) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
Together with casting their votes Holders must 
demonstrate their eligibility to participate in the 
vote by means of a special confirmation of the 
Custodian in accordance with § 14(4)(i)(a) and 
(b) hereof in text form and by submission of a 
blocking instruction by the Custodian stating that 
the relevant Notes are not transferable from and 
including the day such votes have been cast until 
and including the day the voting period ends. 
 
Zusammen mit der Stimmabgabe müssen die 
Gläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an 
der Abstimmung durch einen in Textform 
erstellten besonderen Nachweis der Depotbank 
gemäß § 14(4)(i)(a) und (b) und durch Vorlage 
eines Sperrvermerks der Depotbank, aus dem 
hervorgeht, 
dass 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
ab 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Stimmabgabe (einschließlich) bis zum letzten 
Tag des Abstimmungszeitraums (einschließlich) 
nicht übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(6) Second meeting. 
 
(6) Zweite Versammlung. 
If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for the 
meeting pursuant to § 13(4) or the vote without a 
meeting pursuant to § 13(5), in case of a meeting 
the chairman (Vorsitzender) may convene a 
second meeting in accordance with section 15 
paragraph 3 sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case 
of a vote without a meeting the scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second 
meeting within the meaning of section 15 
paragraph 3 
sentence 3 
of 
the 
SchVG. 
Attendance at the second meeting and exercise of 
voting rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The provisions set out in § 13(4) 
sentence 3 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the 
Holders' registration for a second meeting. 
 
Wird für die Gläubigerversammlung gemäß 
§ 13(4) 
oder 
die 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 13(5) die mangelnde 
Beschlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann – im Fall der 
Gläubigerversammlung – der Vorsitzende eine 
zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 
Satz 2 SchVG und – im Fall der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung – der Abstimmungsleiter 
eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 
Abs. 3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. Die Teilnahme 
an der zweiten Versammlung und die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte sind von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. Für die 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger zu einer zweiten 
Versammlung gilt § 13(4) Satz 3 entsprechend. 
(7) Holders' representative. 
 
(7) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority 
resolution provide for the appointment or 
dismissal of a joint representative (the Holders' 
Representative), the duties and responsibilities 
and the powers of such Holders' Representative, 
the transfer of the rights of the Holders to the 
Holders' Representative and a limitation of 
liability of the Holders' Representative. § 13(2) to 
(6) also apply to the resolution regarding the 
appointment of a Holders' Representative. 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative may 
only be passed by a Qualified Majority if such 
Holders' Representative is to be authorized to 
consent, in accordance with § 13(2) hereof, to a 
material change in the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions or other material matters.]  
 
[Im Fall, dass kein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestimmt 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter der Gläubiger (der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter) bestellen oder abberufen, und die 
Pflichten, 
Aufgaben 
und 
Befugnisse 
des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters, die Übertragung der 
Rechte der Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter und eine Beschränkung der Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters festlegen. Die § 13(2) 
bis (6) gelten auch für die Beschlussfassung über 
die Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters. 
Der 
Beschluss 
zur 
Bestellung 
eines 
Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters 
bedarf 
einer 
Qualifizierten Mehrheit, wenn der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter 
befugt 
ist, 
Änderungen 
des 
wesentlichen Inhalts der Emissionsbedingungen 
oder sonstigen wesentlichen Maßnahmen gemäß 
§ 13(2) zuzustimmen.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
following applies: The joint representative (the 
Holders' 
Representative) 
shall 
be 
[name, 
address]. The Holders' Representative shall have 
the duties and responsibilities and powers 
provided for by law. The liability of the Holders' 
 
[Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in 
den Emissionsbedingungen bestimmt wird, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter (der Gemeinsame Vertreter) ist [Name, 
Adresse]. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die 
Pflichten und Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte, 
die ihm von Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted willfully or 
with gross negligence. The provisions of the 
SchVG apply with respect to the dismissal of the 
Holders' Representative and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative.] 
Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den 
zehnfachen Betrag seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
begrenzt, es sei denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter 
hat vorsätzlich oder grob fahrlässig gehandelt. 
Die Vorschriften des SchVG gelten im Hinblick 
auf die Abberufung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters.] 
(8) Publication. 
 
(8) Veröffentlichung. 
Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be made 
exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG. 
 
Alle Bekanntmachungen betreffend diesen § 13 
erfolgen 
ausschließlich 
gemäß 
den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
(9) Amendment of the Guarantee. 
 
(9) Änderung der Garantie. 
The provisions set out above applicable to the 
amendment of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis [in the case 
of Notes issued by Fresenius Ireland or 
Fresenius Ireland II, the following applies: to 
the Guarantee and] to any guarantee granted in 
connection with a substitution of the Issuer. 
 
Die oben aufgeführten auf die Änderung der 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen gelten entsprechend für [im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Garantie 
und] 
die 
Bestimmungen 
einer 
etwaigen 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Ersetzung 
der 
Emittentin gewährten Garantie. 
§ 14 
(APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT) 
 
§ 14 
(ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND 
UND GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG) 
(1) Applicable Law. 
 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. 
The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights 
and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed in every respect by German 
law. 
 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und 
der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht 
nach deutschem Recht. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. 
Subject to any mandatory jurisdiction for specific 
proceedings under the SchVG, the District Court 
(Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other 
legal proceedings (Proceedings) arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes. 
 
Vorbehaltlich eines zwingenden Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dem SchVG, ist das 
Landgericht Frankfurt am Main nicht ausschließ-
lich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang 
mit den Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
(Rechtsstreitigkeiten). 
(3) Place of Performance. 
 
(3) Erfüllungsort. 
Place of performance will be Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany. 
 
Erfüllungsort 
ist 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
(4) Enforcement. 
 
(4) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. 
Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings 
against the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by 
Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the 
following applies: or the Guarantor] or to which 
such Holder and the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by Fresenius Ireland or Fresenius 
Ireland II, the following applies: or the 
Guarantor] are parties, protect and enforce in his 
 
Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die 
Emittentin 
[im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die 
Garantin] oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der 
Gläubiger und die Emittentin [im Fall von

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
own name his rights arising under such Notes on 
the basis of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes (a) 
stating the full name and address of the Holder, 
(b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes credited to such securities account on the 
date of such statement and (c) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to the 
Clearing System containing the information 
pursuant to (a) and (b) which has been confirmed 
by the Clearing System; (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true copy by a 
duly authorized officer of the Clearing System or 
a depositary of the Clearing System, without the 
need for production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note representing the 
Notes or (iii) any other means of proof permitted 
in legal proceedings in the country of 
enforcement. For purposes of the foregoing, 
Custodian means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognized standing authorized to 
engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and which maintains an 
account with the Clearing System, and includes 
the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce his 
rights under these Notes also in any other way 
which is admitted in the country of the 
Proceedings. 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von Fresenius 
Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II begeben 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: oder die 
Garantin] Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf 
der folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder 
geltend 
zu 
machen: 
(i) 
er 
bringt 
eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er für 
die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot 
unterhält, welche (a) den vollständigen Namen 
und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers 
enthält, 
(b) 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter 
dem 
Datum 
der 
Bestätigung 
auf 
dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, 
dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing-
system eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben 
hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) 
bezeichneten Informationen enthält und einen 
Bestätigungsvermerk des Clearingsystems trägt; 
(ii) er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit 
dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person 
des Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine 
Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuld-
verschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in 
einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre oder 
(iii) auf jede andere Weise, die im Lande der 
Geltendmachung prozessual zulässig ist. Für die 
Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet Depotbank 
jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben 
und 
bei 
der/dem 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält und ein Konto beim Clearingsystem 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
Jeder 
Gläubiger 
kann 
unbeschadet 
des 
Vorstehenden 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere 
Weise schützen und durchsetzen, die im Land des 
Verfahrens zulässig ist. 
[In the case of Notes issued by Fresenius 
Ireland or Fresenius Ireland II, the following 
applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
Fresenius Ireland oder Fresenius Ireland II 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(5) Appointment of Authorized Agent. 
 
(5) Bestellung von Zustellungsbevollmächtigten. 
For any Proceedings before German courts, the 
Issuer has appointed Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, 
Else-Kröner-Strasse 1, 61352 Bad Homburg vor 
der Höhe, Federal Republic of Germany, as its 
authorized agent for service of process in 
Germany.] 
 
 
Für etwaige Rechtsstreitigkeiten vor deutschen 
Gerichten hat die Emittentin die Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA, Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad 
Homburg 
vor 
der 
Höhe, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
zu 
ihrer 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten 
in 
Deutschland 
bestellt.] 
§ 15 
(LANGUAGE) 
 
§ 15 
(SPRACHE)

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the 
German language with an English language 
translation, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the 
English language with a German language 
translation, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the 
English language only, the following applies: 
 
[Falls 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich 
in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Notes are publicly offered in whole or in 
part in Germany or distributed in whole or in 
part to non-professional investors in Germany 
with 
English 
language 
Conditions, 
the 
following applies:  
 
 
Eine 
deutsche 
Übersetzung 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen wird bei der Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA, Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad 
Homburg vor der Höhe, zur kostenlosen Ausgabe 
bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
8. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. [Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is not]39 [None of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA and [Fresenius 
Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company] is]40 
a manufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.]41 [•] 
[MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens 
[des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im 
Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, MiFID II), umfasst und (ii) alle 
Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden angemessen sind. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die 
Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, 
welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die 
Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu 
bestimmen. [Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA ist kein]42 [Weder Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA noch [Fresenius 
Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company] sind 
ein] 43  Konzepteur oder ein Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der MiFID Bestimmungen zu 
Produktüberwachungspflichten.]44 [•] 
[UNITED KINGDOM (UK) MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a UK Distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK 
Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. [Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is not] 45 [None of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA and [Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance 
 
39 
Include in case Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is the issuer of the relevant Notes. 
40 
Include in case Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company or Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company 
is the issuer of the relevant Notes. 
41 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible 
Counterparties only." 
42 
Einfügen, wenn Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA die Emittentin der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist. 
43 
Einfügen, wenn Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company oder Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited 
Company die Emittentin der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist. 
44 
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat 
"Ausschließlich Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien". 
45 
Include in case Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is the issuer of the relevant Notes.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
Ireland II Public Limited Company] is]46 a manufacturer or UK Distributor for the purposes of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules.]47 
[VEREINIGTES KÖNIGREICH (VK) MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / 
ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der 
Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien, im Sinne des 
Handbuchs der Finanzaufsicht des VK (Financial Conduct Authority - FCA) "Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook" (COBS), und professionelle Kunden, im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche 
durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 Teil des Rechts des VK ist (VK MiFIR), umfasst und (ii) alle 
Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden angemessen sind [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die 
Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen, 
welches dem Handbuch der FCA "Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook" (VK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und 
angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen. [Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA ist kein]48 [Weder Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA noch [Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance 
Ireland II Public Limited Company] sind ein]49 Konzepteur oder ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen für 
Zwecke der UK MiFIR Bestimmungen zu Produktüberwachungspflichten.]]50 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); EITHER 51 [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services]] OR 52  [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution 
of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ 
non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]] [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable].53 [Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is not]54 [None of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA and 
[Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited 
 
46 
Include in case Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company or Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company 
is the issuer of the relevant Notes. 
47 
Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible 
Counterparties only". 
48 
Einfügen, wenn Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA die Emittentin der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist. 
49 
Einfügen, wenn Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company oder Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited 
Company die Emittentin der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist. 
50  Legende einsetzen, wenn VK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat 
"Ausschließlich Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien". 
51 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the ESMA Guidelines). 
52 
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, 
if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be 
necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted 
without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
53 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
54 
Include in case Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is the issuer of the relevant Notes.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
Company] is] 55 a manufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules.]56 [•] 
[MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN 
UND 
GEEIGNETE 
GEGENPARTEIEN 
- 
Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der 
Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden und 
Kleinanleger, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, MiFID II), 
umfasst; ENTWEDER57 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen 
sind[, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen]] ODER58 [(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind; und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle 
für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind - Anlageberatung[,/ und] 
Portfolio-Management[,/ und][ Verkäufe ohne Beratung ][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, 
nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit 
bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Negative Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die 
Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, 
welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die 
Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ 
nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf die Geeignetheit 
bzw. Angemessenheit]59 , zu bestimmen. [Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA ist kein]60 [Weder Fresenius SE & 
Co. KGaA noch [Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance Ireland II 
Public Limited Company] sind ein]61 Konzepteur oder ein Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der MiFID 
Bestimmungen zu Produktüberwachungspflichten.]62 [•] 
[UNITED KINGDOM (UK) MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point 
(8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA (UK 
MiFIR); EITHER63 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]64] OR65 [(ii) 
all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) 
the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
 
55 
Include in case Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company or Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company 
is the issuer of the relevant Notes. 
56 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market." 
57 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die ESMA Leitlinien) ESMA komplex sind. 
58 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist 
die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, 
ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nach Art. 
25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig. 
59 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
60 
Einfügen, wenn Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA die Emittentin der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist. 
61 
Einfügen, wenn Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company oder Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited 
Company die Emittentin der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist. 
62 
Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt 
Kleinanleger". 
63 
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS)  
64 
This list may not be necessary, especially for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) 
where all channels of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
65  Include for certain ESMA complex Notes (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for 
example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In 
addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to 
make the determination of appropriateness.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]] [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a UK 
Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
UK Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the UK Distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].66 [Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is 
not]67 [None of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA and [Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] 
[Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company] is]68 a manufacturer or UK Distributor for the 
purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.]69 [•] 
[VEREINIGTES KÖNIGREICH (VK) MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / 
ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE 
GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – 
ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem 
Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen Kleinanleger, im Sinne von 
Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 
(EUWA) Teil des Rechts des VK ist und geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des Handbuchs der 
Finanzaufsicht des VK (Financial Conduct Authority - FCA) "Conduct of Business Sourcebook" 
(COBS), und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch 
das EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist (VK MiFIR), umfasst; ENTWEDER70 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für 
den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, 
Portfoliomanagement, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]71] ODER72 [(ii) 
alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle 
Kunden angemessen sind und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger angemessen sind – Anlageberatung[,][ und] Portfolio-Management[,/ und][ Verkäufe ohne 
Beratung 
][und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen][nach 
Maßgabe 
der 
Pflichten 
des 
Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]]. [Negative 
Zielmärkte berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft 
oder empfiehlt (ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die VK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) 
unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der 
Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle [nach Maßgabe der 
Pflichten des VK Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]73, 
zu bestimmen.]] [Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA ist kein] 74 [Weder Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA noch 
[Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited 
 
66 
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
67 
Include in case Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is the issuer of the relevant Notes. 
68 
Include in case Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company or Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company 
is the issuer of the relevant Notes. 
69 
Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market." 
70 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im VK-Kontext, wie in COBS reflektiert). 
71 
Diese Liste ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, insbesondere für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im 
VK-Kontext, wie in COBS reflektiert) und bei denen alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb angemessen sein können. Sie spiegelt die 
Liste wider, die in den Beispielen der ESMA Leitlinien verwendet wird. 
72 
Einfügen für bestimmte ESMA komplexe Schuldverschreibungen (im VK-Kontext, wie in COBS definiert). Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist 
die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, 
ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht 
zulässig. 
73 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von 
Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der 
Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig.  
74 
Einfügen, wenn Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA die Emittentin der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
Company] sind ein] 75 Konzepteur oder ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der VK MiFIR 
Bestimmungen zu Produktüberwachungspflichten.]]76 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]77 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM 
– Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen 
Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) bestimmt und sollten 
Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise 
zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger 
eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne 
von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, MiFID II); (ii) 
sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die 
Versicherungsvertriebsrichtlinie), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von 
Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung 
(EU) 2017/1129 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die Prospektverordnung). Entsprechend wurde kein 
nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, die PRIIPs-
Verordnung) erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das 
Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]78 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, (as 
amended FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation) as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]79 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung 
 
75 
Einfügen, wenn Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company oder Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited 
Company die Emittentin der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ist. 
76 
Legende einsetzen, wenn VK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt 
Kleinanleger". 
77 
To be included in case "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" is selected to be "applicable" in Part II of the Final Terms.  
78 
Legende einzufügen, sofern in Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum" für "anwendbar" erklärt wird. 
79 
To be included in case "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" is selected to be "applicable" in Part II of the Final Terms.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich (VK) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im VK nicht 
angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines 
(oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 
der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 (EUWA) Teil des 
Rechts des VK ist; (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Regelungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung (FSMA), und aller Vorschriften und Verordnungen, die im 
Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen wurden, soweit dieser Kunde 
nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Abs. 1 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, 
welche durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von 
Artikel 2 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die Prospektverordnung), 
welche durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 1286/2014, welche durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist (die VK PRIIPs-Verordnung), 
erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im VK erstellt; daher kann das 
Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger im VK nach der VK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]80 
[Singapore – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the 
SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the 
CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and are Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on 
Investment Products).]  
[Singapur – In Verbindung mit Section 309B des Securities and Futures Act 2001 von Singapur (der 
SFA) und den Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur (die 
CMP Regulations 2018), hat die Emittentin festgestellt und benachrichtigt hiermit alle relevanten 
Personen (wie in Section 309A(1) des SFA definiert), dass es sich bei den Schuldverschreibungen um 
prescribed capital markets products (wie in den CMP Regulations 2018 definiert) und um Excluded 
Investment Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
und der MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products definiert) handelt.]  
 
 
 
80 
Legende einzufügen, sofern in Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten 
Königreich" für "anwendbar" erklärt wird.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
In case of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). In the case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange or publicly offered 
in one or more member states of the European Economic Area other than Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of Fresenius (www.fresenius.com) under the section 
"Investor Relations". 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
 
FINAL TERMS 
ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN 
[Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA] [Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance 
Ireland II Public Limited Company] 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibung] 
Series: [●], Tranche [●] 
Serien: [●], Tranche [●] 
issued pursuant to the 
begeben aufgrund des 
€15,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Program 
dated May 12, 2023 
vom 12. Mai 2023 
of 
der 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company 
and  
und 
Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company 
Issue Price: [      ] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis: [      ] % 
Issue Date: [      ]81 
Begebungstag: [      ] 
These are the Final Terms of an issue of Notes under the €15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Program of 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company and Fresenius Finance 
Ireland II Public Limited Company (the Program). These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose 
of article 8 of the Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 
2017 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation), and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus 
dated May 12, 2023 [as supplemented by [a] supplement[s] dated [●]] (the Prospectus). Full information 
on [Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA] [Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance 
Ireland II Public Limited Company] and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of the Prospectus and these Final Terms. The Prospectus and any supplement thereto are 
available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
81 
The Issue is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date. 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist 
der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
(www.LuxSE.com). and copies may be obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
[A summary fully completed for the individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]82 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten Angaben zur Emission von Schuldverschreibungen unter dem 
€15.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Program der Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, der Fresenius Finance Ireland 
Public Limited Company und der Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company (das 
Programm). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 der Verordnung (EU) 
2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, die Prospektverordnung), abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt vom 
12. Mai 2023[, ergänzt durch [den Nachtrag][die Nachträge] vom [●]] (der Prospekt) zu lesen. 
Vollständige Informationen über [Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA] [Fresenius Finance Ireland Public 
Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company] und das Angebot der 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nur verfügbar, wenn die Endgültigen Bedingungen und der Prospekt 
zusammengenommen werden. Der Prospekt sowie jeder Nachtrag können in elektronischer Form auf der 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.LuxSE.com) eingesehen werden. Kostenlose Kopien sind 
erhältlich bei dem angegebenen Sitz der Emissionsstelle. [Eine für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen vollständig ausgefüllte Zusammenfassung ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen 
beigefügt.]22 
 
 
 
 
82 
May be deleted in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least €100,000. 
Kann im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens €100.000 
gelöscht werden.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
PART I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
TEIL I: EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I[A] or Option II, including 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, 
insert:83 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I[A] oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden 
Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:81 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Conditions) [and the [German] [English] 
language translation thereof,] are as set out below.  
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Emissionsbedingungen (die Bedingungen) [sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I[A]84 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option 
I[A]82 (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]  
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option 
II (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I[A] or Option II, 
including certain further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch 
Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I[A] oder Option II aufgeführten 
Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, 
einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the Terms and Conditions) set forth in the Prospectus 
as [Option I[A]82] [Option II]. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings 
specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
 
83 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will be required 
where the Notes are to be offered to the public, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-
qualified investors. Delete all references to Part I B. of the Final Terms including numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs of 
the Terms and Conditions. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedingungen 
erforderlich ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte Anleger verkauft 
oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf Teil I B. der Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen entfernen. 
84 
In case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tranches have to be identical in all respects, but may have different issue dates, interest commencement 
dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments. 
Im Fall einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum dieses Prospekts 
begeben wurden, müssen die Emissionsbedingungen der Tranchen in jeder Hinsicht identisch sein, können aber 
unterschiedliche Begebungstage, Verzinsungsbeginne, Ausgabepreise und erste Zinszahlungstage haben.

--- Page 226 ---
Ill 
El 
El 
El 
Ill 
Ill 
226 
 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, 
der auf Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die 
Emissionsbedingungen), zu lesen, der als [Option I[A]82] [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, 
die in den Emissionsbedingungen definiert sind, haben, falls die Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht etwas 
anderes bestimmen, dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet 
werden. 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to 
paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen 
sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes, shall be 
deemed to be completed with the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to 
items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or not completed or which are deleted shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Conditions). 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der 
Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Emissionsbedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in 
den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Emissionsbedingungen (die Bedingungen) gestrichen. 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM (§ 1)  
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination  
Währung und Stückelung 
Specified Currency  
[      ] or [symbol] 
 
(being the lawful currency of [      ]) 
Festgelegte Währung  
[      ] oder [Symbol] 
 
(das gesetzliche Zahlungsmittel in [      ]) 
Aggregate Principal Amount  
[      ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[      ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
 
Specified Denomination 
[      ] 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 
 Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note  
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
Clearing System 
Clearingsystem 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Other Clearing System 
[specify details, including 
address] 
Anderes Clearingsystem 
[Einzelheiten einfügen,  
 
einschließlich Adresse]

--- Page 227 ---
0 
El 
El 
0 
0 
227 
 
Global Note85 
Globalurkunde 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
New Global Note 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE [, GUARANTEE] (§ 2)  
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG [, GARANTIE] (§ 2) 
Material Subsidiary 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and its subsidiaries are fully consolidated  
in the consolidated financial statements of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
[Yes/No] 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA und ihre Tochtergesellschaften sind im 
Wege der Vollkonsolidierung in den Konzernabschluss der Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA  
einbezogen 
[Ja/Nein] 
INTEREST (§ 3)  
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 Fixed Rate Notes (Option I[A])86  
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I[A]) 
 with a constant fixed rate 
 
mit konstantem Festzinssatz 
Rate of Interest 
[      ]% per annum 
Zinssatz 
[      ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
[      ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[      ] 
Zinszahlungstag(e) 
 
 with different fixed rates (Step-up or Step-down Notes) 
mit unterschiedlichen Festzinssätzen (Step-up oder Step-down Schuldverschreibungen) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[      ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
 
Interest Periods, Interest Payment Dates and Relevant Rate of Interest 
Interest Periods 
Interest 
Payment Dates 
Relevant rate 
of interest 
From (and 
including) [      ] 
to (but 
excluding) [      ] 
[      ] 
[      ]% per 
annum 
Zinsperioden, Zinszahlungstage und Maßgeblicher Zinssatz 
Zinsperioden  
Zinszahlungstage 
Maßgeblicher 
Zinssatz 
Vom [      ] 
(einschließlich) 
[      ] 
[      ]% per 
annum 
 
85 
Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen. 
86 
Insert "A" in the case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus. 
"A" einfügen im Fall der Aufstockung einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum dieses 
Prospekts begeben wurden.

--- Page 228 ---
El 
EI 
EI 
EI 
Ei 
El 
228 
 
bis [      ] 
(ausschließlich) 
First Interest Payment Date 
[      ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
 
Initial Broken Amount(s)  
[      ] 
(per Specified Denomination) 
 
Anfängliche(r) Bruchteilzinsbetrag(-beträge) 
(für jede festgelegte Stückelung) 
 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[      ] 
Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
 
Final Broken Amount(s) 
(per Specified Denomination) 
[      ] 
Abschließende(r) Bruchteilzinsbetrag(-beträge)  
(für jede festgelegte Stückelung) 
 
Number of regular Interest Payment Dates per calendar year 
[      ] 
Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr 
 
Deemed Interest Payment Date(s) 
[      ] 
Fiktive(r) Zinszahlungstag(e) 
 
 Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Commencement Date  
[      ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
Specified Interest Payment Dates  
[      ] 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
Specified Interest Period(s)  
[      ] [weeks][months] 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n)  
[      ] [Wochen][Monate] 
 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
Modifizierte folgende Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 Floating Rate Note (FRN) Convention (specify period)  
[      ] [months] 
Floating Rate Note (FRN)-Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
[      ] [Monate] 
 Following Business Day Convention 
 
Folgende Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Vorhergehende Geschäftstag-Konvention 
Business Day87 
Geschäftstag 
Relevant Financial Centers (specify all) 
[      ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren (alle angeben) 
[      ] 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 EURIBOR 
 
87  Complete for Notes denominated in a currency other than Euro. 
 
Im Fall von nicht auf Euro lautenden Schuldverschreibungen ausfüllen.

--- Page 229 ---
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
229 
 
 Compounded Daily €STR 
€STR Reference Rate    
 
 
 
 
           [9:00 a.m.] [●] 
€STR Referenzsatz 
 
 
 
 
 
          [9:00 Uhr] [●] 
 Lag Methode 
 Shift Methode 
p 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         [number of days] 
p 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             [Anzahl Tage] 
 Compounded €STR Index 
€STR Compounded Index Value 
 
 
 
 
            [9:15 a.m.] [●] 
€STR Compounded Indexwert  
 
 
 
 
            [9:15 Uhr] [●] 
€STR Reference Rate  
 
 
 
 
 
           [9:00 a.m.] [●] 
€STR Referenzsatz  
 
 
 
 
 
          [9:00 Uhr] [●] 
€STR IndexStart 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
      [five][●] 
€STR IndexStart 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     [fünf][●] 
€STR IndexEnd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      [five][●] 
€STR IndexEnde 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     [fünf][●] 
p  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         [number of days] 
p  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             [Anzahl Tage] 
 Compounded Daily SOFR 
SOFR Reference Rate 
 
 
 
 
 
           [3:00 p.m.] [●] 
SOFR Referenzsatz 
 
 
 
 
 
        [15:00 Uhr] [●] 
 Lag Methode 
 Shift Methode 
p 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         [number of days] 
p 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             [Anzahl Tage] 
  Compounded SOFR Index 
SOFR Compounded Index Value 
 
 
 
 
            [3:00 p.m.] [●] 
SOFR Compounded Indexwert 
 
 
 
 
          [15:00 Uhr] [●] 
SOFR Reference Rate 
 
 
 
 
 
            [3:00 p.m.] [●] 
SOFR Referenzsatz 
 
 
 
 
 
          [15:00 Uhr] [●] 
SOFR IndexStart  
 
 
 
 
 
 
        [five][●] 
SOFR IndexStart 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       [fünf][●] 
SOFR IndexEnd 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        [five][●] 
SOFR IndexEnde  
 
 
 
 
 
 
       [fünf][●] 
p 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         [number of days] 
p 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             [Anzahl Tage] 
Interest Determination Date 
[first] [second] [T2, or any 
successor system] [U.S. 
Government Securities]  
Business Day [prior to 
commencement

--- Page 230 ---
EI 
Ei 
Ei 
EI 
EI 
Ei 
El 
Ill 
Ill 
Ill 
Ill 
Ill 
230 
 
of the relevant Interest Period] 
[prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for the relevant Interest Period (or 
the date falling [first] [second] [T2, 
or any successor system] [U.S. 
Government Securities] Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable)] 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
[ersten] [zweiten] [T2- oder 
Nachfolgesystem-][US-
Staatsanleihen] Geschäftstag  
[vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode] [vor dem 
Zinszahlungstag für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode (oder, falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen bereits 
früher fällig werden, [ersten] 
[zweiten] [T2- oder 
Nachfolgesystem-] [US-
Staatsanleihen] Geschäftstag vor 
diesem früheren Tag). 
Specific fallback provision "Reference Rate for the preceding Interest Period" 
Besondere Fallbackregelungen "Angebotszinssatz der vorangegangenen Zinsperiode" 
 applicable 
 
anwendbar 
 not applicable 
 
nicht anwendbar 
Margin  
[      ] % per annum 
Marge 
[      ] % per annum 
 plus 
 
plus 
 minus 
 
minus 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
 Minimum Rate of Interest 
[      ] % per annum 
 
Mindestzinssatz 
[      ] % per annum 
 Maximum Rate of Interest 
[      ] %. per annum 
 
Höchstzinssatz 
[      ] % per annum 
Day Count Fraction88 
Zinstagequotient 
 
Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
88 
Complete for all Notes. 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen ausfüllen.

--- Page 231 ---
El 
El 
El 
231 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4)  
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
Payment Business Day 
Zahltag 
 
Relevant Financial Centers (specify all) 
[      ] 
Relevante Finanzzentren (alle angeben) 
 
 
T2 
T2 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
Maturity Date89 
[      ] 
Fälligkeitstag 
 
Redemption Month90 
[      ] 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
 
Early Redemption  
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
reason of Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal Amount 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
bei geringem ausstehenden Gesamtnennbetrag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a Benchmark Event91 [Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereignisses
 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence  
of a €STR Index Cessation Event and €STR Index Cessation Effective Date  
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines €STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses und €STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence  
of a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date  
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses und SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders in case of a change of control 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger bei Kontrollwechsel 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Redemption Amount) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)) 
[Ja/Nein] 
 Call Redemption Period(s) specified  
 
Wahlrückzahlungszeitraum/räume (Call) festgelegt 
Call Redemption Period(s)  
[      ] 
Wahlrückzahlungszeitraum/räume (Call) 
Call Redemption Amount(s)  
[      ] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag(beträge) (Call) 
 
89 
Complete for Fixed Rate Notes. 
 
 Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
90 
Complete for Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
91 
Complete for Floating Rate Notes only. 
 
Nur für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 232 ---
0 
232 
 
 Make-Whole specified92  
 
Make-Whole festgelegt 
Other relevant date93 
[Yes/No] 
(if yes, specify details) 
[      ] 
Anderer maßgeblicher Tag 
[Ja/Nein] 
(falls ja, Einzelheiten einfügen) 
[      ] 
Margin 
[margin]% 
Marge 
[Marge] % 
Benchmark Yield 
 
[Bundesbank Reference Price (Bundesbank-Referenzpreis)]  
 
[other relevant reference price] 
[noon Frankfurt time] [other relevant time] 
Benchmark-Rendite 
[Bundesbank-Referenzpreis] [anderer maßgeblicher Referenzpreis] 
[12.00 Uhr (Frankfurter Zeit)] [andere maßgebliche Uhrzeit] 
Screen Page 
 
[QR (using the pricing source "FRNK")] [other relevant screen page] 
Bildschirmseite 
[QR (unter Verwendung der Preisquelle "FRNK")] [andere maßgebliche 
Bildschirmseite] 
Benchmark Security 
[      ] 
Benchmarkanleihe 
ISIN of the reference bond used at pricing the Notes 
[      ] 
ISIN der Referenzanleihe, die bei der Preisbestimmung 
der Schuldverschreibungen genannt wurde 
Maturity 
[      ] 
Fälligkeitstermin 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a Transaction Trigger Event
 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Transaktions-Ereignisses
 
[Ja/Nein] 
Event Redemption Amount  
[      ] 
Ereignisrückzahlungsbetrag 
Transaction 
[      ] 
Transaktion 
Transaction Trigger Cut-off Date  
[      ] 
Transaktions-Stichtag 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers 
[Ja/Nein] 
Put Redemption Date(s)  
[      ] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Put Redemption Amount(s)  
[      ] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag(beträge) (Put) 
Minimum Notice94 
[      ] days 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[      ] Tage 
Maximum Notice (not more than 60 days)  
[      ] days 
Höchstkündigungsfrist (nicht mehr als 60 Tage) 
[      ] Tage 
 
92 
Complete for Fixed Rate Notes only. 
 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
93  Complete for Fixed Rate Notes providing for Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call Redemption Amount) only. 
 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen, die Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin (Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)) vorsehen. 
94 
Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A. require a minimum notice period of five days. 
Eurcolear und Clearstream Banking S.A. verlangen eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von fünf Tagen.

--- Page 233 ---
El 
Ill 
El 
233 
 
[PAYING AGENT, FISCAL AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT 95 (§ 7) 
ZAHLSTELLE, EMISSIONSSTELLE, BERECHNUNGSSTELLE (§ 7) 
Calculation Agent 
[      ] 
Berechnungsstelle 
[      ] 
Stock Exchange (name and location) 
[      ] 
Börse (Name und Sitz) 
[      ] 
 Fiscal Agent acting as Calculation Agent 
Emissionsstelle handelnd als Berechnungsstelle] 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  (§ 9) 
KÜNDIGUNG (§ 9) 
Material Subsidiary 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and its subsidiaries are fully consolidated  
in the consolidated financial statements of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
[Yes/No] 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA und ihre Tochtergesellschaften sind im 
Wege der Vollkonsolidierung in den Konzernabschluss der Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA  
einbezogen 
[Ja/Nein] 
NOTICES (§ 12) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 12) 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com)  
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.LuxSE.com) 
 Website of other stock exchange with respect to which the Issuer initiated the listing of the Notes  
Internetseite der Börse, an der die Emittentin das Listing der Schuldverschreibungen veranlasst 
hat 
 Clearing System 
Clearingsystem 
AMENDMENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
BY RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS, JOINT REPRESENTATIVE (§ 13)
[Yes/No] 
ÄNDERUNGEN DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH  
BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 13)
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed  
by Holders and not in the Terms and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch  
Beschluss der Gläubiger und nicht in den Emissionsbedingungen 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Terms and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den Emissionsbedingungen 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative (specify details) 
Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertreters (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
 
95 
Applicable only for Fixed Rate Notes that are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer with payment of a Make-
Whole Amount and for Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Nur anwendbar bei Festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zum Make-Whole Betrag zurückzuzahlen, sowie bei variabel verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 234 ---
El 
El 
0 
0 
234 
 
LANGUAGE (§ 15) 
SPRACHE (§ 15) 
Language of Conditions96 
Sprache der Bedingungen 
 
German and English (German controlling)  
 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 
English and German (English controlling)  
 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
German only  
 
ausschließlich Deutsch 
 
English only  
 
ausschließlich Englisch] 
 
 
 
96 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that, subject to any stock exchange or legal requirements 
applicable from time to time, and unless otherwise agreed, in the case of Notes publicly offered, in whole or in part, in Germany, 
or distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the 
event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a 
German language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal office of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es wird erwartet, dass vorbehaltlich geltender Börsen- oder anderer 
Bestimmungen und soweit nicht anders vereinbart, die deutsche Sprache für Schuldverschreibungen maßgeblich sein wird, 
die insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum Verkauf in Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifizierte Anleger in 
Deutschland verkauft werden. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht qualifizierte 
Anleger die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird eine deutschsprachige Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei 
der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA erhältlich sein.

--- Page 235 ---
El 
235 
 
PART II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION97 
TEIL II ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
A. Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
[None] [specify details] 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, 
die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
[Keine] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer98 
[specify details] 
Gründe für das Angebot 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Estimated net proceeds99 
[      ] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge 
Estimated total expenses of the issue100 
[      ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission 
Eurosystem eligibility101 
EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes/No] 
 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden 
[Ja/Nein] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited, with in the case of (i) an NGN, one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper or (ii) a CGN, 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt, and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]  
[Ja. Es ist zu beachten, dass die Bestimmung "Ja" 
hier lediglich bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Begebung im Fall (i) 
einer NGN, bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer 
Verwahrer oder (ii) einer CGN, bei Clearstream 
 
97 
There is no obligation to complete Part II. of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of 
at least €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be admitted to trading on any 
regulated market within the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
 Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II. der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens €100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung vollständig auszufüllen, sofern diese 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums oder dem Vereinigten 
Königreich zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin auszufüllen. 
98 
See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general corporate purposes of 
Fresenius, include those reasons here. 
 
 Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Prospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen 
Unternehmenszwecken von Fresenius bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. 
99  If proceeds are intended for more than one use they will need to be split out and presented in order of priority.  
 
 Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität der 
Verwendungszwecke darzustellen.  
100  Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
 
 Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens €100.000. 
101  Select "Yes" if the Notes are in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper or if the Notes are 
in CGN form and to be kept in custody by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. Select "No" if the Notes are in NGN form and 
are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper.  
"Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und von einem ICSD als common safekeeper 
gehalten werden sollen oder falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben und von Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt gehalten werden sollen. "Nein" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und vom 
common service provider als common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
Banking AG, Frankfurt hinterlegt werden sollen, 
und es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete Sicherheit 
im Sinne der Währungspolitik des Eurosystems 
und der taggleichen Überziehungen (intraday 
credit operations) des Eurosystem entweder nach 
Begebung oder zu einem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, 
dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "No" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[Nein. Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt 
wurde, können die Schuldverschreibungen, sollten 
die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die Zukunft 
derart geändert werden, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen fähig sind diese 
einzuhalten, dann bei einem der ICSDs als 
gemeinsamer Verwahrer hinterlegt werden. Es ist 
zu beachten, dass die Schuldverschreibungen als 
geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der 
taggleichen Überziehungen (intraday credit 
operations) des Eurosystem entweder nach 
Begebung oder zu einem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, 
dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.] 
 
B. Information concerning the securities to be offered/admitted to trading 
 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden 
 
Wertpapiere 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
[Common Code 
[      ]] 
Common Code 
 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
[      ] 
Internationale Wertpapierkennnummer (ISIN) 
 
German Securities Code (WKN) 
[      ] 
Deutsche Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN)

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
[Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) 
[      ]] 
Emittenten- und Instrumenten-Kurzname (FISN) 
[Classification of Financial Instruments Code (CFI) 
[      ]] 
Klassifizierungscode von Finanzinstrumenten (CFI) 
[Any other securities number 
[      ]] 
andere Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer 
 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
Details of historic [EURIBOR] [€STR] [SOFR] rates  
and the further performance as well as their volatility  
can be obtained ([not] free of charge) from102 
[Reuters EURIBOR01]  
 
[Website of the European Central Bank] [●]  
 
[Website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [●] 
 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen [EURIBOR] [€STR] [SOFR] Sätzen 
und Informationen über künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
können ([nicht] kostenfrei) abgerufen werden unter103 
[Reuters EURIBOR01]  
 
[Internetseite der Europäischen Zentralbank] [●] 
 
[Internetseite der Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [●] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events  
[Not applicable][Please see 
that effect the [EURIBOR] [€STR] [SOFR] rates 
§ 3 of the Terms and Conditions]  
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Marktes oder  
[Nicht anwendbar] 
der Abrechnung bewirken und die [EURIBOR] [€STR] [SOFR]  
[Bitte siehe 
Sätze beeinflussen  
§ 3 der Emissionsbedingungen] 
Yield to final maturity104 
[      ] 
Rendite bei Endfälligkeit 
Representation of debt security holders including an identification 
of the organization representing the investors and provisions applying 
to such representation. Indication of the website where the public may have 
free access to the contracts relating to these forms of representation105  [Not applicable][Specify details] 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die 
Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der für diese Vertretung 
geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe der Internetseite, auf der die 
Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen regeln, 
kostenlos einsehen kann106 
[Nicht anwendbar][Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Resolutions, authorizations and approvals by virtue 
of which the Notes will be created 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche die 
Grundlage für die Schaffung der Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C. 
Terms and conditions of the offer107 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des Angebots 
C.1 Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and action required to apply  
for the offer 
[Not applicable] 
 
102  Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000. 
103  Nur erforderlich im Fall von variabel verzinsten Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
 
 €100.000. 
104  Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
Gilt nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen. 
105  Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 13 of the Terms and Conditions. 
106  Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einzufügen, dass § 13 der Emissionsbedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt. 
107 Complete with respect to Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000. 
Bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als €100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen  
für die Antragstellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Total amount of the issue/offer/arrangements and 
time for announcing it to the public 
[Specify details] 
Gesamtsumme der Emission/des Angebots/ 
Vereinbarungen und Zeitpunkt für Ankündigung an das Publikum 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
 
during which the offer will be open 
[Specify details] 
Frist - einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während 
der das Angebot gültig ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Description of the application process 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung des Prozesses für die 
Umsetzung des Angebots 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
A description of the possibility to reduce  
subscriptions and the manner for refunding excess  
amount paid by applicants 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der  
Zeichnungen und der Art und Weise der Erstattung  
des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount  
of application, (whether in number of Notes or  
aggregate amount to invest) 
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag  
der Zeichnung (entweder in Form der Anzahl der  
Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten zu  
investierenden Betrags)  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the Notes and 
or delivery of the Notes 
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Ratenzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen und ihre Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Manner and date in which results of the offer  
are to be made public 
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem  
die Ergebnisse des Angebots offen zu legen sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, the negotiability of subscription 
rights and the treatment of subscription rights  
not exercised. 
[Not applicable] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen 
Vorzugsrechts, die Marktfähigkeit der Zeichnungsrechte 
und die Behandlung der nicht ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechte 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
C.2 Plan of distribution and allotment 
[Not applicable] 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
If the Offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more  
countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain  
of these, indicate such tranche 
[Specify details] 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zwei oder mehrerer  
Ländern und wurde/ wird eine bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte  
vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and 
indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
[Specify details]

--- Page 239 ---
Ill 
El 
El 
El 
239 
 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern zugeteilten Betrags und Angabe, 
ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor dem Meldeverfahren möglich ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.3 
Pricing 
[Not applicable] 
Kursfeststellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Issue Price 
[  ]% 
Ausgabepreis 
[  ] % 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
Preis zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich  
angeboten werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser 
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt  
werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.4 
Placing and underwriting 
Platzierung und Emission 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer  
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to  
the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the various countries  
where the offer takes place 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinator/der Koordinatoren  
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
des globalen Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots  
und - sofern der Emittentin oder dem Bieter bekannt -  
Angaben zu den Platzierern in den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots  
Method of distribution 
 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
Subscription Agreement 
Übernahmevertrag 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
[      ] 
Datum des Subscription Agreements 
[      ] 
Material Features of the Subscription Agreement: 
[      ] 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages: 
[      ] 
Management Details including form of commitment108 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der Übernahme 
Specify Management Group or Dealer (names and addresses)  
[      ] 
Bankenkonsortium oder Platzeur angeben (Namen und Anschriften) 
 
 firm commitment 
Feste Zusage 
 no firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
Keine feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
Commissions 
Provisionen 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[      ] 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
 
 
108 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens €100.000.

--- Page 240 ---
El 
Ill 
240 
 
Selling Concession (specify)  
[      ] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben)  
 
Listing Commission (specify)  
[      ] 
Börsenzulassungsprovision (angeben) 
 
Stabilising Dealer/Manager 
[insert details/None] 
Kursstabilisierender Dealer/Manager 
[Einzelheiten einfügen/Keiner] 
C.5 
Public Offer Jurisdictions109 
Jurisdiktionen für öffentliches Angebot 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
[Not applicable] 
 
[Luxembourg] [and] [Germany]  
[Specify relevant Member State(s) – 
which must be jurisdiction(s) where the Prospectus 
and any supplements have been passported] 
Jurisdiktionen, in denen ein öffentliches Angebot stattfindet 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
[Luxembourg] [und] [Deutschland]  
[Relevante(n) Mitgliedstaat(en) einfügen – 
dieser muss eine/diese müssen Jurisdiktion(en) sein, 
in die der Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge notifiziert wurden] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors110 
[Not applicable] 
[Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im  
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Anwendbar] 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
[Not applicable] 
[Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im  
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Anwendbar] 
Vereinigten Königreich111  
 
D. Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Yes/No] 
Börsenzulassung(en) und Notierungsaufnahme 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
  
Other 
 
[specify details] 
 
 
Sonstige  
[Einzelheiten 
angeben] 
 
109 Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
106  If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.  
Im Fall dass die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte darstellen oder die Schuldverschreibungen 
"verpackte" Produkte darstellen und ein Basisinformationsblatt im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum erstellt wird, ist "Nicht 
anwendbar" anzugeben. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen möglicherweise "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und kein 
Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird, ist "Anwendbar" anzugeben. 
111  If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the United Kingdom, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.  
Im Fall dass die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte darstellen oder die Schuldverschreibungen 
"verpackte" Produkte darstellen und ein Basisinformationsblatt im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt wird, ist "Nicht anwendbar" 
anzugeben. 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
möglicherweise 
"verpackte" 
Produkte 
darstellen 
und 
kein 
Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird, ist "Anwendbar" anzugeben.

--- Page 241 ---
0 
0 
111 
241 
 
Date of admission  
[      ] 
Termin der Zulassung 
 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading112 
[      ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
All regulated markets or equivalent markets on which, to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, notes of the same class of the notes to be offered or admitted  
to trading are already admitted to trading113 
Angabe sämtlicher regulierter oder gleichwertiger Märkte, 
auf denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen  
der gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, die zum Handel angeboten 
oder zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind 
 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
Other [None] [Specify details] 
 
Andere [Keine] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
not applicable 
 
Nicht anwendbar 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and description 
of the main terms of their commitment 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und 
Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, 
und Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der 
Zusagevereinbarung 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
E. Additional Information 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
Rating of the Notes114 
[Not applicable] [      ] 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
[Nicht anwendbar][      ] 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the 
European Union and is registered pursuant to Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of September 16, 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the CRA Regulation).][S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited is established in the European Union and is 
registered pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of September 16, 
2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA 
Regulation).] [Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established 
in the European Union and is registered pursuant to 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of September 16, 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation).] [specify other 
rating agency and whether the relevant rating agency is 
 
112 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than €100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als €100.000. 
113 In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for Notes with 
a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die 
ursprünglichen Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens €100.000. 
114  Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis. Insert a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has been previously published by the rating provider. 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt. Eine kurze Erklärung zur Bedeutung des 
Ratings ist einzufügen, wenn diese unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
established in the European Union and is registered or has 
applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
September 16, 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended 
(the CRA Regulation).] The European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) publishes on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) a list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated 
within five working days following the adoption of a 
decision under article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The 
European Commission shall publish that updated list in the 
Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days 
following such update. 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited hat ihren Sitz in der 
Europäischen Union und ist gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 
1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen (in der 
geänderten Fassung) (die Ratingverordnung) registriert.] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited hat ihren Sitz in der 
Europäischen Union und ist gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 
1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen (in der 
geänderten Fassung) (die Ratingverordnung) registriert.] 
[Moody's Deutschland GmbH hat ihren Sitz in der 
Europäischen Union und ist gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 
1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen (in der 
geänderten Fassung) (die Ratingverordnung)registriert.] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren 
Sitz in der Europäischen Union hat und gemäß Verordnung 
(EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des 
Rates vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen (in 
der geänderten Fassung) (die Ratingverordnung) 
registriert ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat.] Die 
Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
(ESMA) veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation) ein Verzeichnis der nach der 
Ratingverordnung registrierten Ratingagenturen. Dieses 
Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach 
Annahme eines Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 
der Ratingverordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische 
Kommission veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im 
Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach der Aktualisierung. 
F. Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for 
drawing up the Prospectus and the Final Terms115 
 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung der Emittentin oder der für die 
Erstellung des Prospekts und der Endgültigen Bedingungen zuständigen Person 
[Not applicable.][The consent to the use of the Prospectus and these Final Terms for the subsequent resale 
or final placement of Notes by all financial intermediaries, subject to compliance with the applicable 
selling restrictions set out in the Prospectus and these Final Terms, is given by the Issuer in relation to 
[Luxembourg] [and] [Germany].  
 
115  Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least €100,000. 
 
Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens €100.000.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
The subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by financial intermediaries can be made during the 
offer period. The offer period commences on [●] and ends on [●]. 
[Such consent is also subject to and given under the condition [●].]] 
[Nicht anwendbar.][Die Zustimmung zu der Verwendung des Prospekts und dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen zu der späteren Weiterveräußerung und der endgültigen Platzierung der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch alle Finanzintermediäre unter Einhaltung aller gemäß dem Prospekt und 
dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen anwendbaren Veräußerungsbeschränkungen wird von der Emittentin 
in Bezug auf [Luxemburg] [und] [Deutschland] erteilt. 
Die spätere Weiterveräußerung und endgültigen Platzierung der Wertpapiere durch Finanzintermediäre 
kann während der Angebotsfrist erfolgen. Die Angebotsfrist beginnt am [●] und endet am [●]. 
[Ferner erfolgt diese Zustimmung vorbehaltlich [●].]] 
 
[Third Party Information  
Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the 
Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted 
the omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the 
Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy 
thereof. The following sources were used [●]. 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
gilt Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden 
sind und - soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten 
Informationen ableiten konnte - keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten 
Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese 
Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. 
Folgende Quellen wurden verwendet [●].] 
 
 
[Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA represented by Fresenius Management SE, its general partner] [Fresenius 
Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company] 
[Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA vertreten durch Fresenius Management SE, ihren persönlich haftenden 
Gesellschafter] [Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance Ireland II 
Public Limited Company] 
 
 
___________________________________ 
[Name(s) and title(s) of signatory/ies] 
[Name(n) und Titel des/r Unterzeichnenden]] 
 
[EURIBOR and SOFR 
EURIBOR und SOFR 
[Interest amounts payable on the Notes may be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR] [●] which as at 
the date of these Final Terms is provided by [European Money Markets Institute] [•] which [does not 
appear] [appears] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.  
Zinsbeträge, die auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen sind, können unter Bezug auf [EURIBOR] [●] 
berechnet werden. Zum Datum dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen, wird [EURIBOR] [●] von dem

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
[European Money Markets Institute] [•], das [nicht] in das nach Artikel 36 der Verordnung 
(EU) 2016/1011 von der Europäischen Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde (ESMA) erstellte und 
geführte Register der Administratoren und Referenzwerte eingetragen ist, bereitgestellt].116 
[Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA] [Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance 
Ireland II Public Limited Company] is not affiliated with the New York Fed. The New York Fed does 
not sanction, endorse, or recommend any products or services offered by [Fresenius Finance Ireland 
Public Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company].] 
Die [Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA] [Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] [Fresenius 
Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company] ist nicht mit der New York Fed verbunden. Die New York 
Fed genehmigt, befürwortet oder empfiehlt keine Produkte oder Dienstleistungen, die von [Fresenius 
Finance Ireland Public Limited Company] [Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company] 
angeboten werden.]117 
 
 
 
116 To be included in the case of an issue of Notes where the rate of interest is to be calculated by reference to EURIBOR. 
 
Einzufügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen der Zinssatz unter Bezug auf EURIBOR berechnet wird.  
117  To be included whenever the name or acronym associated with SOFR in the name, title, or description of any product or service 
offered. 
Einzufügen, wenn der Name oder das Akronym in Verbindung mit dem SOFR im Namen, im Titel oder in der Beschreibung 
eines angebotenen Produkts oder einer Dienstleistung enthalten ist.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
9. 
GUARANTEE  
9.1 
Guarantee (German language version) 
 
GARANTIE 
 
der 
 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
(die Garantin) 
 
zugunsten der Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen (die Schuldverschreibungen) der 
 
Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company, Balbriggan, Co. Dublin, 
Irland 
 
und der 
 
Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company, Balbriggan, Co. Dublin, 
Irland 
 
(jeweils eine Emittentin) 
 
im Rahmen des EUR 15.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Program der Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, der 
Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company und der Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public 
Limited Company 
(das Programm) 
 
§ 1 
GARANTIE, STATUS 
(1) Die Garantin garantiert hiermit unbedingt und unwiderruflich im Wege eines selbständigen 
Zahlungsversprechens gegenüber den Gläubigern der im Rahmen des Programms begebenen 
Schuldverschreibungen (die Gläubiger; die Begriffe "Schuldverschreibungen" und "Gläubiger" 
beinhalten, soweit sie in dieser Garantie verwendet werden und für die Zwecke dieser Garantie, alle 
weiteren Schuldverschreibungen, die von der betreffenden Emittentin gemäß § 11(1) der 
Emissionsbedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen (die Emissionsbedingungen) begeben werden, 
bzw. alle Gläubiger dieser weiteren Schuldverschreibungen) die ordnungsgemäße und pünktliche 
Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sowie von jeglichen sonstigen 
Beträgen, die auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbar sind (die Garantie). Diese Garantie ist eine 
selbständige Garantie, die unabhängig von den Verpflichtungen der betreffenden Emittentin oder 
der Gesellschaft (mit Ausnahme der Garantin), welche die betreffende Emittentin gemäß § 10 der 
Emissionsbedingungen ersetzt hat (die Nachfolgeschuldnerin), und unabhängig von der 
Wirksamkeit und Durchsetzbarkeit der Verpflichtungen der betreffenden Emittentin bzw. der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin besteht. 
(2) Der Zweck und das Ziel dieser Garantie ist es sicherzustellen, dass die Gläubiger unter allen 
Umständen, ob tatsächlicher oder rechtlicher Art, und ungeachtet der Wirksamkeit und

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
Durchsetzbarkeit der Verpflichtungen der betreffenden Emittentin bzw. der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
oder irgendwelcher anderer Gründe, aus denen die betreffende Emittentin bzw. die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin eine Zahlung nicht leistet, die gemäß den Emissionsbedingungen an die 
Gläubiger zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital, Zinsen und sonstigen Beträgen bei Fälligkeit der 
jeweiligen Zahlung gemäß den Emissionsbedingungen erhalten. 
(3) Die Garantin verzichtet hiermit ausdrücklich auf alle der betreffenden Emittentin bzw. einer 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin zustehenden Einreden (Einreden des Hauptschuldners), sowie auf die 
Einreden, welche aus einem Anfechtungs- oder Aufrechnungsrecht der betreffenden Emittentin bzw. 
der Nachfolgeschuldnerin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen entstehen. Dieser Verzicht 
erstreckt sich nicht auf die Aufrechnungseinrede mit Gegenforderungen, die (i) unbestritten oder (ii) 
rechtskräftig festgestellt sind. 
(4) Die Garantin stimmt ausdrücklich zu, dass die Garantie unabhängig von anderen Sicherheiten ist, 
welche im Zusammenhang mit den Schuldverschreibungen bestellt werden, und verzichtet auf alle 
Rechte, die aus der Freigabe einer solchen anderen Sicherheit entstehen. 
(5) Die Zahlungsverpflichtungen der Garantin aus dieser Garantie werden automatisch fällig und 
zahlbar, sofern und sobald die betreffende Emittentin bzw. eine Nachfolgeschuldnerin eine Zahlung 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht bei Fälligkeit der jeweiligen Zahlung gemäß den 
Emissionsbedingungen leistet. 
(6) Kein Gläubiger ist verpflichtet, vor einer Inanspruchnahme der Garantin aus dieser Garantie 
gerichtliche Schritte gegen eine Person zu ergreifen, andere Rechte geltend zu machen oder andere 
Sicherheiten zu verwerten oder Zahlungen von einer Person zu verlangen.  
(7) Die Verbindlichkeiten der Garantin aus dieser Garantie sind mindestens gleichrangig mit allen 
anderen unbesicherten, nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Garantin, soweit diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
(8) Diese Garantie erlischt nach der vollständigen und endgültigen Befriedigung aller nach diesem § 1 
garantierten Ansprüche (die Garantierten Verpflichtungen). Allerdings entfaltet diese Garantie 
weiterhin volle Wirksamkeit, wenn eine Garantierte Verpflichtung nur vorübergehend befriedigt 
wurde oder von einem Insolvenzverwalter angefochten werden kann oder anderweitig abgewendet 
werden kann. 
§ 2  
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG 
Die Garantin verpflichtet sich, solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind, keine Sicherungsrechte an gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Teilen ihres Vermögens oder ihres 
Vermögens insgesamt zur Sicherung der gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
zu bestellen oder fortbestehen zu lassen und soweit rechtlich möglich, zu veranlassen, dass keine ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften Sicherungsrechte an gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Teilen ihres Vermögens 
oder 
ihres 
Vermögens 
insgesamt 
zur 
Sicherung 
der 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten bestellt oder fortbestehen lässt, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger zur gleichen 
Zeit auf gleiche Weise und anteilig an diesen Sicherungsrechten teilhaben zu lassen. 
Diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht in Bezug auf Sicherungsrechte, die: 
(i)  an gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Ansprüchen der Garantin oder Ansprüchen einer ihrer 
Tochtergesellschaften gegen verbundene Unternehmen im Sinne der §§ 15 f. Aktiengesetz oder 
gegen Dritte aufgrund von einer Übertragung von Erlösen aus dem Verkauf von Wertpapieren 
bestehen, soweit diese Sicherheiten zur Sicherung von Verpflichtungen aus diesen durch die 
Garantin oder durch eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften ausgegebenen Wertpapieren dienen, 
(ii)  an Vermögensgegenständen bestellt sind, die bereits zum Zeitpunkt des Erwerbs des betreffenden 
Vermögensgegenstandes durch die Garantin oder durch eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften bestanden 
oder am Vermögen einer neu erworbenen Gesellschaft bestehen, die Mitglied des Fresenius-
Konzerns wird, 
(iii)  zum Ausgabetag der Schuldverschreibungen bestehen, 
(iv)  eine im Zeitpunkt einer Akquisition bestehende Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit besichern, die infolge 
der Akquisition eine Verpflichtung der Garantin oder einer Gesellschaft des Fresenius-Konzerns

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
wird, sofern diese Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit nicht im Hinblick auf diese Akquisition begründet 
wurde, 
(v)  aufgrund anwendbaren Rechts gesetzlich vorgeschriebene Sicherheiten sind oder solche, deren 
Bestehen eine Voraussetzung zur Erteilung einer behördlichen Genehmigung sind, 
(vi)  im Zusammenhang mit durch die Garantin oder durch eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften begebenen 
asset backed securities (ABS) stehen, 
(vii) im Zusammenhang mit durch Zweckgesellschaften begebenen asset backed securities (ABS) stehen, 
bei denen die Garantin oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften der Originator der zugrundeliegenden 
Vermögensgegenstände ist, 
(viii) der Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder dem Austausch irgendeiner Sicherheit gemäß vorstehend (i) 
bis (vii) dienen und 
(ix)  Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten besichern, deren Kapitalbetrag (bei Aufaddieren auf den 
Kapitalbetrag sonstiger Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, für die andere Sicherheiten als die nach (i) 
bis (viii) zulässigen bestehen) EUR 100.000.000 (oder deren jeweiligen Gegenwert in anderen 
Währungen) nicht überschreitet. 
§ 3  
BESTEUERUNG 
Alle in Bezug auf die Garantie zahlbaren Beträge werden ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug an der Quelle für 
oder wegen gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger Steuern oder Abgaben gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von 
oder im Namen (1) der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten 
Behörde, (2) einer Rechtsordnung, aus der bzw. über die eine Zahlung auf die Garantie geleistet wird, 
oder einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde, und/oder (3) einer 
anderen Rechtsordnung, in der die zahlende Partei errichtet ist oder anderweitig als gebietsansässig gilt 
oder im steuerlichen Sinn geschäftlich tätig ist, oder einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde (jeweils eine Relevante Steuerjurisdiktion) im Wege des Abzugs oder 
Einbehalts auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder Einbehalt ist gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. In diesem Fall wird die Garantin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (Zusätzliche Beträge) 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt 
oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den 
Gläubigern erhalten worden wären; jedoch sind solche Zusätzlichen Beträge nicht zu zahlen in Bezug 
auf: 
(a) Steuern oder Abgaben, die von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter eines Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder auf eine sonstige Weise zu entrichten sind, die keinen Abzug oder 
Einbehalt von Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen durch die Garantin darstellen; oder 
(b) Zahlungen, die nicht erhoben worden wären, wenn nicht (i) eine gegenwärtige oder ehemalige 
Beziehung zwischen dem betreffenden Gläubiger (oder einem Treuhänder, Treugeber, 
Begünstigten, Mitglied oder Gesellschafter dieses Gläubigers oder einer Person, die 
beherrschenden Einfluss auf diesen Gläubiger hat) und einer Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion 
bestehen würde, unter anderem in der Form, dass der betreffende Gläubiger (bzw. Treuhänder, 
Treugeber, Begünstigte, Mitglied, Gesellschafter oder die Person, die solchen Einfluss hat) 
Staatsbürger einer Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion ist oder war oder dort ansässig ist oder war 
oder als dort ansässig gilt oder galt oder dort ein Gewerbe oder eine Geschäftstätigkeit betreibt 
oder betrieben hat oder dort eine Betriebsstätte unterhält oder unterhalten hat, mit Ausnahme 
von Beziehungen, die allein dadurch entstehen, dass ein Gläubiger Ansprüche aus der Garantie 
erwirbt, hält oder veräußert bzw. eine Zahlung darunter oder in Bezug auf diese erhält oder 
Ansprüche darauf geltend macht; oder 
(c) Zahlungen an den Gläubiger oder an einen Dritten für den Gläubiger, falls kein Einbehalt oder 
Abzug hätte erfolgen müssen, wenn die Schuldverschreibung zum Zeitpunkt der fraglichen 
Zahlung einem Depotkonto bei einer bzw. einem nicht in der Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion 
ansässigen 
Bank, 
Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut, 
Wertpapierhandelsunternehmen 
oder 
Wertpapierhandelsbank gutgeschrieben gewesen wäre; oder 
(d) falls der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen 
Union zur Zinsbesteuerung oder (ii) einem internationalen Abkommen oder Übereinkommen 
zu einer solchen Besteuerung, bei dem die Relevante Steuerjurisdiktion oder die Europäische

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
Union Parteien sind, oder (iii) einem diese Richtlinie oder Verordnung oder dieses Abkommen 
oder Übereinkommen umsetzenden oder sie befolgenden oder zu ihrer Befolgung erlassenen 
Gesetz, oder (iv) dem Luxemburger Gesetz vom 23. Dezember 2005 erhoben wird, oder 
(e) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den Gläubiger 
zahlbar ist, der einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug dadurch rechtmäßigerweise hätte 
vermindern können (aber nicht vermindert hat), dass er gesetzliche Vorschriften beachtet, oder 
dafür sorgt, dass Dritte dieses tun, oder dadurch dass er eine Nichtansässigkeitserklärung oder 
einen ähnlichen Antrag auf Quellensteuerbefreiung gegenüber der am Zahlungsort zuständigen 
Steuerbehörde; abgibt oder dafür sorgt, dass dies durch einen Dritten erfolgt, oder  
(f) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den Gläubiger 
vorzunehmen ist, der einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug durch die Bewirkung einer Zahlung 
über eine andere Zahlstelle in einem Mitgliedsstaat der Europäischen Union, welche nicht zu 
einem solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet ist, hätte vermindern können, oder 
(g) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug für einen Gläubiger oder dessen Rechnung vorzunehmen ist, 
der Schuldverschreibungen mehr als 30 Tage nach dem Tag, an dem eine Zahlung unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar wurde bzw., soweit dies später eintritt, nach dem Tag, 
an dem die Zahlung ordnungsgemäß vorgenommen wurde, vorgelegt hat; oder  
(h) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß §§ 1471 bis 1474 des Internal Revenue Code, jeder 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Verordnung oder offiziellen Auslegung davon, jeder 
Vereinbarung, die gemäß § 1471(b) des Internal Revenue Codes eingegangen wurde oder jeder 
steuerlichen oder regulatorischen Gesetzgebung, sowie steuerlichen und regulatorischen 
Gesetzen oder Vorgehensweisen, die nach einem völkerrechtlichen Vertrag, der zur Umsetzung 
der Bestimmungen des Internal Revenue Codes geschlossen wurde, vorzunehmen ist; oder 
(i) Zahlungen, die aufgrund der Ansässigkeit des Gläubigers (oder Begünstigten oder sonstigem 
Empfänger von Zahlungen unter den Schuldverschreibungen) in einem nicht kooperativen 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet im Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem 
Steuerwettbewerb in der Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder ersetzt (einschließlich der aufgrund 
von diesem Gesetz ergangenen Verordnungen) zu zahlen sind; oder 
(j) jegliche Kombination der Absätze (a)-(i). 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im Hinblick auf Zahlungen auf die Garantie an einen 
Gläubiger gezahlt, welcher die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder Personengesellschaft oder als sonstiger 
nicht alleiniger wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer erhält, soweit nach den Gesetzen der Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion(en) eine solche Zahlung für Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Begünstigten 
bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermögens oder dem Gesellschafter der Personengesellschaft 
zugerechnet würde, der jeweils selbst nicht zum Erhalt von Zusätzlichen Beträgen berechtigt 
gewesen wäre, wenn der Begünstigte, Gründer eines Treuhandvermögens, Gesellschafter oder 
wirtschaftliche Eigentümer unmittelbarer Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen wäre. 
Klarstellend wird darauf hingewiesen, dass die in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland aufgrund von zum 
Begebungstag geltenden Steuergesetzen auf Ebene der Depotbank erhobene Kapitalertragsteuer und der 
darauf jeweils anfallende Solidaritätszuschlag keine Steuer oder sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten 
Sinne sind, für die Zusätzliche Beträge seitens der Garantin zu zahlen wären. Begebungstag bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf eine bestimmte Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen den Begebungstag dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen.  
§ 4  
BESCHLÜSSE DER GLÄUBIGER — 
ÄNDERUNGEN DER GARANTIE 
Falls die Emissionsbedingungen Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger im Hinblick auf Änderungen dieser 
Garantie vorsehen, können die Gläubiger durch einen gemäß § 13 der Emissionsbedingungen gefassten 
Mehrheitsbeschluss Änderungen dieser Garantie in Bezug auf die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
zustimmen. Eine Verpflichtung zur Leistung kann für die Gläubiger durch Mehrheitsbeschluss nicht 
begründet werden. 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist 
unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
§ 5  
DEFINITIONEN 
Begriffe, die in dieser Garantie verwendet werden und in den Emissionsbedingungen definiert sind, 
haben, soweit in dieser Garantie nicht anders angegeben, dieselbe Bedeutung wie in den 
Emissionsbedingungen. 
§ 6  
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND, SPRACHE UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
(1) Form und Inhalt dieser Garantie sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Garantin 
bestimmen sich nach deutschem Recht, jeweils unter Ausschluss der Grundsätze des Internationalen 
Privatrechts. 
(2) Gerichtsstand für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit dieser Garantie entstehenden Klagen oder 
sonstigen Verfahren ist Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) Diese Garantie stellt einen Vertrag zugunsten Dritter im Sinne des § 328 Abs. 1 BGB dar, der jedem 
Gläubiger das Recht gibt, die Erfüllung der in dieser Garantie übernommenen Verpflichtungen 
unmittelbar von der Garantin zu verlangen und diese Garantie unmittelbar gegen die Garantin 
durchzusetzen. 
(4) Diese Garantie ist in deutscher Sprache abgefasst und in die englische Sprache übersetzt. Die 
deutschsprachige Fassung ist verbindlich und allein maßgeblich. 
(5) Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Garantin 
oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die Garantin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus 
dieser Garantie im eigenen Namen auf der Grundlage einer Kopie dieser Garantie, die von einer 
autorisierten Person der Emissionsstelle bestätigt wurde, ohne Vorlage des Originals der Garantie, 
zu schützen und geltend zu machen. 
 
Bad Homburg, im Mai 2023 
FRESENIUS SE & CO. KGAA 
vertreten durch FRESENIUS MANAGEMENT SE, ihrem persönlich haftenden Gesellschafter 
 
 
 
 
Durch:  
Durch:  
 
 
Wir akzeptieren die Bestimmungen der vorstehenden Garantie ohne Obligo, Gewährleistung oder 
Rückgriff auf uns.  
Frankfurt am Main, im Mai 2023 
DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
 
 
 
 
Durch:  
Durch:

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
9.2 
Guarantee (English language translation) 
 
GUARANTEE 
 
of 
 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, 
Federal Republic of Germany 
(the Guarantor) 
 
for the benefit of the Holders of notes (the Notes), issued by  
 
Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company, Balbriggan, Co. Dublin, 
Ireland 
 
and 
 
Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company, Balbriggan, Co. Dublin, 
Ireland 
 
(each an Issuer) 
 
under the EUR 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Program of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Fresenius 
Finance Ireland Public Limited Company and Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited 
Company 
(the Program) 
 
§ 1  
GUARANTEE, STATUS 
(1) The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees by way of an independent 
payment obligation (selbständiges Zahlungsversprechen) to the holders from time to time of any 
Notes under the Program (the Holders and the expressions "Notes" and "Holders" as used herein 
shall, for the purposes of this Guarantee, include any additional Notes issued by the relevant Issuer 
under § 11(1) of the terms and conditions of the Notes (the Terms and Conditions) and any Holders 
of any such additional Notes) the due and punctual payment of principal of, and interest on, and any 
other amounts payable under the Notes (the Guarantee). This Guarantee shall be separate and 
independent from the obligations of the relevant Issuer or the company (other than the Guarantor) 
which may have been substituted for the same pursuant to § 10 of the Terms and Conditions (the 
Substitute Debtor) and shall exist irrespective of the validity and enforceability of the obligations of 
the relevant Issuer or Substitute Debtor. 
(2) The intent and purpose of this Guarantee is to ensure that the Holders under all circumstances, 
whether factual or legal, and regardless of the validity and enforceability of the obligations of the 
relevant Issuer or the Substitute Debtor, or of any other grounds on the basis of which the relevant 
Issuer or the Substitute Debtor may fail to effect payment, shall receive the amounts payable as 
principal, interest and other amounts payable to the Holders pursuant to the Terms and Conditions 
on the due dates as provided for in the Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
(3) The Guarantor hereby explicitly waives any personal defenses of the relevant Issuer or any Substitute 
Debtor (Einreden des Hauptschuldners) as well as any defenses arising out of the relevant Issuer's 
or Substitute Debtor's right of revocation (Anfechtbarkeit) or set-off (Aufrechenbarkeit) with respect 
to the Notes. This waiver shall not apply to any defenses relating to any right of set-off with 
counterclaims that are (i) uncontested (unbestritten) or (ii) based on an unappealable (rechtskräftig 
festgestellt) court decision. 
(4) The Guarantor expressly consents to the Guarantee being independent from any other security 
granted in connection with the Notes and waives any right which might result from the release of 
any such other security. 
(5) The Guarantor's payment obligations under this Guarantee become automatically due and payable if 
and when the relevant Issuer or any Substitute Debtor does not make a payment with respect to the 
Notes when such payment is due and payable pursuant to the Terms and Conditions. 
(6) No Holder will be required to proceed against or enforce any other rights or security or claim 
payment from any person before claiming from the Guarantor under this Guarantee. 
(7) The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall rank at least pari passu with all other 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, unless such obligations are accorded priority under 
mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
(8) This Guarantee is discharged upon the full and irrevocable satisfaction of all claims guaranteed 
pursuant to this § 1 (the Guaranteed Obligations). However, if any of the Guaranteed Obligations 
was only temporarily satisfied or is subject to be set aside by an insolvency administrator 
(Anfechtungsrecht) or can be avoided otherwise, the Guarantee shall continue in full force and effect. 
§ 2  
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
The Guarantor undertakes, as long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to grant or 
permit to subsist any Security Interest over any or all of its present or future assets, as security for any 
present or future Capital Market Indebtedness and (ii) to procure, to the extent legally possible, that none 
of its Subsidiaries will grant or permit to subsist any Security Interest over any or all of its present or 
future assets, as security for any present or future Capital Market Indebtedness without at the same time 
having the Holders share equally and ratably in such Security Interest. 
This undertaking shall not apply with respect to any Security Interest which: 
(i)  is provided over any of the Guarantor's claims or claims of any of its Subsidiaries against any 
affiliated companies within the meaning of sections 15 et seq. of the German Stock Corporation 
Act (Aktiengesetz) or any third party, which claims exist now or arise at any time in the future, as a 
result of the passing on of the proceeds from the sale by the issuer of any securities, provided that 
any such security serves to secure obligations under such securities issued by the Guarantor or by 
any of its Subsidiaries; 
(ii)  is existing on assets at the time of the acquisition thereof by the Guarantor or by any of its 
Subsidiaries or is existing over assets of a newly acquired company which becomes a member of 
the Fresenius Group; 
(iii)  is existing on the issue date of the Notes; 
(iv)  secures Capital Market Indebtedness existing at the time of acquisition that becomes an obligation 
of the Guarantor or of any company within the Fresenius Group as a consequence of such 
acquisition, provided that such Capital Market Indebtedness was not created in contemplation of 
such acquisition; 
(v)  is mandatory pursuant to applicable laws or required as a prerequisite for obtaining any 
governmental approvals; 
(vi)  is provided in connection with any issuance of asset backed securities by the Guarantor or by any 
of its Subsidiaries; 
(vii) is provided in respect of any issuance of asset backed securities made by a special purpose vehicle 
where the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries is the originator of the underlying assets;

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
(viii)  is provided in connection with the renewal, extension or replacement of any security pursuant to 
foregoing (i) through (vii); and 
(ix) secures Capital Market Indebtedness the principal amount of which (when aggregated with the 
principal amount of any other Capital Market Indebtedness which has the benefit of a security other 
than any permitted under the sub-paragraphs (i) to (viii) above) does not exceed EUR 100,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies at any time). 
§ 3  
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest made under this Guarantee shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by way of deduction or withholding by or on behalf of (1) the Federal Republic of Germany or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, (2) any jurisdiction from or through which payment 
on the Guarantee is made, or any political subdivision or governmental authority thereof or therein having 
the power to tax and/or (3) any other jurisdiction in which the payor is organized or otherwise considered 
to be resident or doing business for tax purposes, or any political subdivision or governmental authority 
thereof or therein having the power to tax (each a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction), unless such deduction 
or withholding is required by law. In that event the Guarantor shall pay such additional amounts (the 
Additional Amounts) as shall result in receipt by the Holders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no Additional 
Amounts shall be payable with respect to: 
(a) taxes or duties which are payable by any Person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Guarantor, as applicable, from payments made by it; or 
(b) payments that would not have been so imposed but for the existence of any present or former 
connection between such Holder (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or 
shareholder of, or a person having a power over, such Holder) and any Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction including, without limitation, such Holder (or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, 
member, shareholder or person having such a power) being or having been a citizen or resident 
or treated as a resident of, being or having been engaged in a trade or business in, or having or 
having had a permanent establishment in, a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than any 
connections arising solely from a Holder acquiring, holding or disposing of, receiving any 
payment under or with respect to or enforcing the Guarantee; or 
(c) payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Holder where no such withholding or deduction 
would have been required to be made if the Notes were credited at the time of payment to a 
securities deposit account with a bank, financial services institution, securities trading business 
or securities trading bank, in each case outside the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
(d) payments where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) any European Union 
Directive or Regulation concerning the taxation of savings, or (ii) any international treaty or 
understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or the 
European Union is a party/are parties, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying 
with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or (iv) 
the Luxembourg law of December 23, 2005; or 
(e) payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is payable by or on behalf of a Holder 
who could lawfully mitigate (but has not so mitigated) such withholding or deduction by 
complying or procuring that any third party complies with any statutory requirements or by 
making or procuring that a third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar 
claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where the payment is effected; or 
(f) payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is payable by or on behalf of a Holder 
who would have been able to mitigate such withholding or deduction by effecting a payment 
via another paying agent in a Member State of the European Union, not obliged to withhold or 
deduct tax; or 
(g) payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is for or on account of the presentation by 
the Holder of any Note for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which such

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, 
whichever occurs later; or 
(h) payments to the extent such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, any current or future regulations or official 
interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Internal 
Revenue Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such 
Sections of the Internal Revenue Code; or 
(i) payments which are payable by reason of the Holder (or beneficiary or other recipient of a 
payment under the Notes) being resident in a non-cooperative territory (nicht kooperatives 
Steuerhoheitsgebiet) in the meaning of the German Law to prevent Tax Avoidance and Unfair 
Tax Competition (Gesetz zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb), 
as amended or replaced from time to time (including any ordinance (Verordnung) enacted based 
on this law); or 
(j) any combination of items (a)-(i); 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with respect to any payment on the Guarantee to a Holder 
who is a fiduciary or partnership or who is other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to 
the extent such payment would be required by the laws of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction to be 
included in the income, for tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or 
a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to such 
Additional Amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the Holder of 
the Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) levied in the Federal Republic of 
Germany at the level of the custodian bank and the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) imposed 
thereon pursuant to tax law as in effect as of the Issue Date do not constitute a tax or duty as described 
above in respect of which Additional Amounts would be payable by the Guarantor. Issue Date means in 
respect of a particular issue of Notes, the issue date of such Notes. 
§ 4  
RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS – AMENDMENTS TO THE GUARANTEE 
If the Terms and Conditions provide for majority resolutions of Holders in respect of amendments of this 
Guarantee, the Holders may consent to amendments of this Guarantee by majority resolution passed in 
accordance with § 13 of the Terms and Conditions with respect to the relevant Notes, provided that no 
obligation to make any payment or render any other performance shall be imposed on any Holder by 
majority resolution. 
Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions which do not provide for identical 
conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to 
their being treated disadvantageously. 
§ 5  
DEFINITIONS 
Unless otherwise defined in this Guarantee, terms used herein and defined in the Terms and Conditions 
shall have the meaning attributed to them in the Terms and Conditions. 
§ 6  
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION, LANGUAGE 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) This Guarantee, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the 
Guarantor, shall be governed by German law without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of 
law thereof. 
(2) The place of non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings or in connection 
with this Guarantee shall be Frankfurt am Main. 
(3) This Guarantee constitutes a contract for the benefit of the Holders from time to time as third-party 
beneficiaries in accordance with § 328(1) of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch)

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
giving rise to the right of each Holder to require performance of this Guarantee directly from the 
Guarantor and to enforce this Guarantee directly against the Guarantor. 
(4) This Guarantee is written in the German language and attached hereto is a non-binding English 
translation. 
(5) Any Holder of Notes may in any proceedings against the Guarantor, or to which such Holder and 
the Guarantor are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under this Guarantee 
on the basis of a copy of this Guarantee certified by an authorized person of the Fiscal Agent without 
presentation of the original Guarantee. 
 
Bad Homburg, May 2023 
FRESENIUS SE & CO. KGAA 
Represented by FRESENIUS MANAGEMENT SE, its general partner 
 
 
 
By:  
By:  
 
 
We accept the terms of the above Guarantee without recourse, warranty or liability.  
Frankfurt am Main, May 2023 
DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT 
 
 
 
By:  
By:

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
10. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Except as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, the net proceeds of the issue of each 
Tranche of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer to meet part of its general corporate purposes. If 
in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
relevant Final Terms, as applicable.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
11. 
TAXATION WARNING 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE STATE OF RESIDENCE OF A PROSPECTIVE 
PURCHASER OF NOTES OR OF A JURISDICTION WHERE A PROSPECTIVE 
PURCHASER IS SUBJECT TO TAXATION AND THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE 
ISSUER'S AND/OR THE GUARANTOR'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION OR COUNTRY 
OF RESIDENCE MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE 
NOTES. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX 
ADVISOR AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND 
DISPOSITION OF THE NOTES.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
12. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
12.1 
Underwriting 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Program from time to time by the Issuer(s), which appointment 
may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. Notes may be distributed by way of public offers to 
qualified investors pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation and/or non-qualified investors, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche of Notes will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes may be sold from time to time by each Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers 
are set out in a dealer agreement dated on or about May 12, 2023 (the Dealer Agreement) and made 
between the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Dealers and such arrangements include amongst others certain 
conditions which, if not satisfied on the issue date, entitle the relevant Dealers to terminate any agreement 
that they make to subscribe Notes prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. Any such 
agreement will, inter alia, contain provisions dealing with the form and terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or 
other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase.  
The Dealer Agreement provides for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers 
and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Program or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. A subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement) 
prepared in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes will typically be dated on or about the date of the 
relevant Final Terms applicable to such Tranche of Notes.  
12.2 
Description of public offer (if any) and offer mechanics  
If the Notes are publicly offered, the following details have to be inserted under section "Additional 
Information" in the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Notes: conditions to which the offer is subject, 
time period, during which the offer will be open, description of the application process, description of 
the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner for refunding excess amount paid by applicants, 
details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application, method and time limits for paying up 
the Notes and for delivery of the Notes, manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made 
public, procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability of subscription rights and 
the treatment of subscription rights not exercised, various categories of potential investors to which the 
Notes are offered, process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is made, method of determining the offered price and the process 
for its disclosure, amount of any expenses and taxes specifically charged to the subscriber or purchaser, 
name and address of the coordinator(s) of the global offer and of single parts of the offer and, to the 
extent known to the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the various countries where the offer takes 
place.  
12.3 
Consent to use the Prospectus 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing the Notes 
is entitled to use the Prospectus in Luxembourg and Germany or such other Member State whose 
competent authorities have been notified of the approval of this Prospectus for the subsequent resale or 
final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (as determined in the applicable 
Final Terms) during which subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, if 
and to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided however, that the Prospectus is still 
valid in accordance with article 11(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. Each Issuer accepts responsibility 
for the content of the Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms also with respect to such subsequent 
resale or final placement of the Notes. 
Such consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by the financial intermediaries may 
be restricted to certain jurisdictions and subject to conditions as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published 
before such delivery. Any supplement to the Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com).

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
When using the Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain 
that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions, including 
with the restrictions specified in the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" legend set 
out on the cover page of the applicable Final Terms, if any. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary, the Dealer 
and/or the further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and 
conditions of the offer at the time the offer is made. 
Any Dealer and/or further financial intermediary using the Prospectus has to state on its website 
that it uses the Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached thereto. 
12.4 
Selling Restrictions 
12.4.1 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes the Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which 
it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither any of the Issuers 
nor the Guarantor, if applicable, nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional 
restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
12.4.2 
European Economic Area  
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
will be selected to be "not applicable" in Part II of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions 
apply:  
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a Relevant State), each Dealer 
has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Non-
exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which 
has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant 
State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the 
period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within articles 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended. 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
will be selected to be "applicable" in Part II of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions apply:  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Program 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
12.4.3 
United Kingdom 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
will be selected to be "not applicable" in Part II of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions 
apply:  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
the UK: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 as amended 
or superseded (the FSMA) (a Public Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, 
or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in 
accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) 
(EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending 
on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it 
forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); 
(c) 
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA) in the UK, subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor for any such offer; or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
will be selected to be "applicable" in Part II of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions apply:  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Program 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the UK. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended. the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
Prospectus Regulation) as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
Each Dealer has further represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Program will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) FSMA does not apply to the respective Issuer or 
the Guarantor; and 
(b)  
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.  
12.4.4 
United States 
(a) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act, including Notes in bearer form that are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to U.S. 
persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that 
it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Note constituting part of its allotment 
within the United States except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (Regulation S). Accordingly, each Dealer further has represented, warranted and 
undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note. Each Dealer has 
agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Note in bearer form within the United States or 
to U.S. persons except as permitted by the Subscription Agreement. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any 
persons acting on its or their behalf have offered or sold or will offer and sell the Notes by means 
of any form of general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Rule 502(c) 
under the Securities Act) in the United States. Each Dealer has further represented, warranted 
and undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
made or caused to be made or will make or cause to be made a public offering of the Notes in 
the United States. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in transactions permitted 
by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of any Note 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
(b) 
From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to 
make the representations set out in the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer (i) acknowledges that 
the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act; (ii) has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has not 
offered, sold or delivered any Notes, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes, (x) as part of 
its distribution at any time or (y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of 
the offering and the closing date, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S; and 
accordingly, (iii) further has represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor its 
affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed 
selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) also has agreed that, at or prior to 
confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each Distributor, dealer or person receiving 
a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii) of 
Regulation S (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date, except in either case in 
accordance with Regulation S. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S." 
(c) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has 
not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution 
or delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor, if applicable. 
(d) 
Notes, other than Notes with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued in accordance 
with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (the C Rules), or in accordance with the provisions of U.S. 
Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) 
(the D Rules), as specified in the Final Terms. 
In addition, where the C Rules are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable to any 
Tranche of Notes, Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its 
possessions in connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and undertaken that it, in connection with the original issuance of Notes has not offered sold or 
delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes within the United States 
or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and undertaken in connection with the original issuance of Notes, that it 
has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective 
purchaser if either such Dealer or such purchaser is within the United States or its possessions 
and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of Notes. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations 
thereunder, including the C Rules and any successor provisions thereto.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
In addition, in respect of Notes issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and undertaken that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and 
during the restricted period will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to a person 
who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (y) 
such Dealer has not delivered and will not deliver within the United States or its 
possessions definitive Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling 
Notes are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period 
to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(iii) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale 
in connection with their original issuance, and not for the purpose of resale directly or 
indirectly to a person within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, and if such Dealer retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so in 
accordance with the requirements of the D Rules (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended); 
(iv) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of 
offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) 
repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), 
(ii) and (iii) of this paragraph (e) on such affiliate's behalf or (y) agrees that it will 
obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations and 
agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph (e); and 
(v) 
it shall obtain for the benefit of the Issuer the representations, undertakings and 
agreements contained in subclauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this paragraph (e) from any 
person other than its affiliate with whom it enters into a written contract (a 
"Distributor" as defined in the D Rules), for the offer or sale during the restricted period 
of the Notes. 
In addition, each Note issued in accordance with the D Rules will bear the following 
legend: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA) WHO HOLDS THIS 
OBLIGATION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, 
INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) 
OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA." 
Terms used in this paragraph (e) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, and treasury regulations thereunder, including the D Rules and any 
successor provisions thereto. 
Terms used in the paragraphs (a) – (c) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
12.4.5 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law 
of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a 
Japanese Person except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, 
regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities 
and in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, Japanese Person shall mean any 
person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan.

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
12.4.6 
Ireland  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Program 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer, sell, underwrite 
the issue of, or act in Ireland in respect of the Notes, other than in conformity with: 
(a) 
the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 
of Ireland and any rules and guidelines issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 
of Ireland (as amended) by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank); 
(b) 
the provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2019 of Ireland (as amended) and any codes of 
conduct or rules made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) of 
Ireland; 
(c) 
the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended) (MiFID Regulations), including, without limitations, Regulation 5 (Requirement for 
authorization (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, or rules or codes of 
conduct made under the MiFID Regulations and the provisions of the Investor Compensation 
Act 1998 (as amended); and 
(d) 
the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European 
Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 of Ireland (as amended) and any rules issued by the 
Central Bank pursuant to Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended). 
12.4.7 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
acknowledge, that with regard to Switzerland the Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or 
solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes described therein. The Notes may not be publicly offered 
directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services 
Act (FinSA) and will not be admitted to trading on any exchange or other trading venue in Switzerland. 
Neither the Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and neither the Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland. 
12.4.8 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are 
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 
73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-
103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the 
Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province 
or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the 
government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting 
Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-
105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
12.4.9 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
acknowledge, that the Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore and the Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the 
Securities and Futures Act, 2001 of Singapore (the SFA). Accordingly, the Prospectus and any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
the Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Notes be offered or sold, or be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in 
Singapore other than (1) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA; (2) to a relevant person 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (3) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is (a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor) (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited 
investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest in that trust shall not be transferable for 6 months after 
that corporation or that trust has acquired the securities under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to 
any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the 
SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA, 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
12.4.10 Prohibition of sales into Non-Cooperative Jurisdictions  
The Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed to any person resident in a non-cooperative jurisdiction 
as defined in 
(i) 
the German Law to prevent Tax Avoidance and Unfair Tax Competition (Combating Tax 
Havens Act - Gesetz zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb) and 
as set out in the German Ordinance on the implemention of Section 3 of the Combating Tax 
Havens Act (Combating Tax Havens Ordinance - Steueroasen-Abwehrverordnung), and/or 
(ii) 
the EU list of non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes of the Council of the European 
Union, in each case as amended from time to time (together the Non-Cooperative 
Jurisdictions). 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that the Notes may not be offered and the Prospectus may not be distributed to a person 
resident in a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief, it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
(i)  
to any resident of a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction, also including any corporation or other entity 
organized under the laws of or having its place of management in a Non-Cooperative 
Jurisdiction), 
(ii) 
for the benefit of any resident of a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction, and 
(iii) 
 to any other person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in a Non-Cooperative 
Jurisdiction or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction. 
This selling restriction shall not apply if the inapplicability of the Combating Tax Havens Act to the 
Notes issued under the Programme has been clarified as a result of a change of legislation or by way of 
an administrative pronouncement.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
13. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
13.1 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be borrowers from or creditors of the Company, Fresenius 
Ireland, Fresenius Ireland II and its affiliates. Proceeds from issues under the Program may be used to 
repay financial liabilities to Dealers. 
In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Company, 
Fresenius Ireland, Fresenius Ireland II and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Moreover, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuers or Issuers' affiliates or Guarantor's or Guarantor's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers and the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Program. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Program. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. Interests of persons involved in a specific issue of Notes under the 
Program will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
13.2 
Authorization 
The establishment, increase and update of the Program (including the granting of the Guarantee) and the 
issue of Notes thereunder have been duly authorized by the Company. 
The Company will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorizations in 
connection with the issue and performance of its obligations under the Notes. 
The establishment, increase and update of the Program and the issue of Notes thereunder have been duly 
authorized by Fresenius Ireland. 
Fresenius Ireland will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorizations in 
connection with the issue and performance of its obligations under the Notes. 
The establishment, increase and update of the Program and the issue of Notes thereunder have been duly 
authorized by Fresenius Ireland II. 
Fresenius Ireland II will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorizations in 
connection with the issue and performance of its obligations under the Notes. 
13.3 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
(Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn) (CBF), Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) (CBL) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium) (Euroclear). The appropriate German securities 
number (WKN) (if any), Common Code, ISIN, CFI and FSIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by 
CBF, CBL and Euroclear will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to be cleared 
through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
13.4 
Documents Available 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available free of charge during normal business hours from the registered office 
of the Fiscal Agent: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents of each of the Issuers; 
(ii) 
a copy of this Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
a copy of any supplements to this Prospectus. 
Electronic versions of the constitutional documents of the Issuers are also available website of Fresenius 
(www.fresenius.com) under the section "Investor Relations". 
The documents incorporated herein by reference can be accessed by using the hyperlinks set out in the 
section "14. Documents Incorporated by Reference" below. 
Copies of the Guarantee (as set out in the section "9. Guarantee" above) may be obtained free of charge 
during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
This Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Prospectus will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com) and will be available 
for at least ten years from the date of this Prospectus. 
In the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). In the case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange or publicly 
offered in one or more member states of the European Economic Area other than the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of Fresenius (www.fresenius.com) under 
the section "Investor Relations". 
Third Party Information: 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) each 
Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as each Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been 
omitted the omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and 
(ii) neither any of the Issuers nor any Dealer has independently verified any such information and neither 
any of the Issuer nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
14. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information on the pages specified below contained in the following documents which 
have been published or which are published simultaneously with this Prospectus and filed with the CSSF 
shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus: 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
The IFRS unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA as at and for the three-month period ended March 31, 2023 (English language version) 
Consolidated Statement of Income  
page 33 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 34 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
page 35 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
pages 36-37 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
pages 38-39 
Consolidated Segment Reporting 
page 40 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 41-61 
The IFRS audited consolidated financial statements of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA as at and for the 
year ended December 31, 2022 (English language version) 
Consolidated Statement of Income  
page 287 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 288 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
page 289 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
pages 290-291 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
pages 292-293 
Consolidated Segment Reporting 
pages 294-296 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 297-396 
Independent Auditor's Report 
pages 398-404 
The IFRS audited consolidated financial statements of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA as at and for the 
year ended December 31, 2021 (English language version) 
Consolidated Statement of Income  
page 278 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 279 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
page 280 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
pages 281-282 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
pages 283-284 
Consolidated Segment Reporting 
pages 285-286 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 287-383 
Independent Auditor's Report 
pages 385-391 
Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company 
The IFRS audited unconsolidated financial statements of Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited 
Company as at and for the year ended December 31, 2022 
Independent Auditors' Report  
pages 8-12  
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 13

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
page 14 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
page 15 
Statement of Cash Flows 
page 16 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
pages 17-39 
The IFRS audited unconsolidated financial statements of Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited 
Company as at and for the year ended December 31, 2021 
Independent Auditors' Report  
pages 8-12 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 13 
Statement of Financial Position 
page 14 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
page 15 
Statement of Cash Flows 
page 16 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
pages 17-35 
Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company 
The IFRS audited unconsolidated financial statements of Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public 
Limited Company as at and for the year ended December 31, 2022 
Independent Auditors' Report 
pages 6-8 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 9 
Statement of Financial Position  
page 10 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
page 11 
Statement of Cash Flows 
page 12 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
pages 13-27 
The IFRS audited unconsolidated financial statements of Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public 
Limited Company as at and for the year ended December 31, 2021 
Independent Auditors' Report 
pages 6-8 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 9 
Statement of Financial Position  
page 10 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
page 11 
Statement of Cash Flows 
page 12 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
pages 13-25 
Any information not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus but contained in one of the documents 
mentioned as source documents in the cross-reference lists above is either not relevant for the investors 
or covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Option I A (Terms and Conditions of Fixed Rate Notes issued prior to the date of this 
Prospectus) 
Set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the Base Prospectus dated 
May 10, 2022 of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company and 
Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company (English and German language version) 
Set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates (Option I A) 
pages 97-145 
Amendment to the set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in 
Supplement No. 1 dated November 16, 2022 to the Base Prospectus dated May 10, 2022 of Fresenius

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
SE & Co. KGaA, Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company and Fresenius Finance Ireland 
II Public Limited Company (English and German language version) 
IV. Changes relating to the section "7. Terms and Conditions" 
pages 21-23 
Any information not incorporated by reference into the base prospectus dated May 10, 2022 of Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA, Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company and Fresenius Finance Ireland II 
Public Limited Company but contained in the document mentioned as source document in the cross-
reference list above is either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Availability of documents incorporated by reference 
Any document incorporated herein by reference are available free of charge and may be inspected during 
usual business hours on any working day from the date hereof for the whole life of this Prospectus at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent and will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.LuxSE.com). 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.LuxSE.com). 
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference are also available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.LuxSE.com) and can be accessed by using the following hyperlinks: 
1.  The IFRS unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of Fresenius SE & Co. 
KGaA as at and for the three-month period ended March 31, 2023 
 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/103fbdb56bddf44f7c956126d4e5177a9a 
2. The IFRS audited consolidated financial statements of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA as at and for the 
year ended December 31, 2022 
 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1008972500347842c984aa65fc29fd5467 
3. The IFRS audited consolidated financial statements of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA as at and for the 
year ended December 31, 2021 
 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/105e6ef654018a4c438435e99def7b055b 
4. The IFRS audited unconsolidated financial statements of Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited 
Company as at and for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/101dd1212155ab4b559b02f1024bd4ef19 
5. The IFRS audited unconsolidated financial statements of Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited 
Company as at and for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1056dcf5b375904f3dbb951f4ec595498d 
6. The IFRS audited unconsolidated financial statements of Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited 
Company as at and for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/102409cddf3ea040ffb0efa87692daefda 
7. The IFRS audited unconsolidated financial statements of Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited 
Company as at and for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10ccfe8a193d9345f19a7adc58426d2fa1 
8. The Set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the Base Prospectus 
dated May 10, 2022 of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited 
Company and Fresenius Finance Ireland II Public Limited Company (English and German language 
version) 
 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/103aba6d62e79042b39e1fddfe476ce552 
9. The Amendment to the set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in 
Supplement No. 1 dated November 16, 2022 to the Base Prospectus dated May 10, 2022 of Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA, Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited Company and Fresenius Finance Ireland 
II Public Limited Company (English and German language version)

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/103847112795f84765814b020bacf30e07

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
15. 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
THE ISSUERS 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
Else-Kröner-Str. 1  
61352 Bad Homburg vor der 
Höhe 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Fresenius Finance Ireland 
Public Limited Company 
3A Fingal Bay Business Park,  
Balbriggan, Co. Dublin 
Ireland 
Fresenius Finance Ireland II 
 Public Limited Company 
3A Fingal Bay Business Park,  
Balbriggan, Co. Dublin 
Ireland 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch  
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy  
L-1855 Luxembourg  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
C/ Sauceda, 28 
Asia Building – 1st floor 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, DO2RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Credit Suisse International 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt 
Federal Republic of Germany  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
 
Société Générale  
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers 
as to German law 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer  
Rechtsanwälte Steuerberater PartG mbB 
Bockenheimer Anlage 44 
60322 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
as to Irish law 
A&L Goodbody LLP 
IFSC, North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
To the Dealers 
as to German law 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUERS 
To Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
To Fresenius Finance Ireland Public Limited 
Company and Fresenius Finance Ireland II 
Public Limited Company 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft  
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37 
60327 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Ireland 
One Spencer Dock, North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland